oh they down there in a brown chair watching a frog fuck a dog off some prozac. lol! username
bipolar 2-depression- lamotrigine-antimanic n anti depressant properties,mono therapy, skin rashes,headache, dizziness
gotta live it up. fuck that, tomorrow is never certain. cymbalta free.
username :( can i help in anyway
username this game has nicotine in it!
has anyone tried the humira shot, i heard it feels like hot lava going thru your skin for the first seconds but my doctor wants me to get it
username username username i got seroquel.” no thanx. you're a bad influence on me :o
username you always tweet depressing shit! lol take cymbalta.
username same here!!! it was perfect timing too cause the song before it was bring memories back &amp;&amp; stuff then bam cymbalta OK hand loudly crying face face with tears of joy smiling face with heart-eyes red heart
username username try dexter. going to knock myself out w/ trazodone and start antipschotucs today. fortune'y they work quickly
between the fucking redbull and vyvanse i popped to energize my triple yesterday... couldn't fall asleep for the life of me.
do you know what medications r 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combination of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
username she got the seroquel to make her sleep as she feels its a waste of time sleeping
username did you get floxed too? i've been in bed since 2009 thanks to just 12 cipro pills! they never told me this can be permanent!!!
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
username username adds lorazepam to the list. fluoxetine is green and yellow though
given how skeptical fda reviewers were of kynamro, highly doubt aa for high tg
thank god for vyvanse hastag addicted
username yeah, i ran out halfway through the week and forgot to put the new bottle into my organizer. metoprolol. better now.
took a vyvanse for the first time in a month feelin weird.
rt username rt username another example of how actual drug sales fall short of projection: eliquis $613m in '16,not billions http…
mom said its okay to take a couple of shots whenever i'm sad if i stop taking prozac!
jesus be a throat lozenge!!!!!
username it's the only way to go about your business with any degree of peace ... regular, planned naps ... and fluoxetine
username i ran out of metoprolol back in 2005. in 2 days, i could not take anything more than 6 inch steps with rest after every other one.
username no, i'm not parano. i dont need seroquel ifeel good. when i see the world it seem like disney mr governement does i speak ok?
username this is a beautiful video. my son just started enbrel so it gave me some hope! thank you!
my psychiatrist is going to be furious with me for just stopping taking cymbalta all of a sudden (and rightfully so), but it's expensive.
breakfast: prozac, fluvoxamine, seroquel, antabuse. hastag fml ! hyperlink
rt username is it hot in here or is my vyvanse just kicking in?
sometimes i really think i could benefit from that neutral plateau fluoxetine gave me.
username victoza novo nordisk,keeping the contracts even after all this. forbes says the butter queen is worth 17 million.
username username stfu!! lol whatever cymbalta.
my sim card isn't working aaggh i feel like im having cymbalta withdrawal again aaagh aaaggh
why am i still awake oh shit, cause i left my trazodone in woonsocket, that's why. two vicoprofen later and i'm still hyped
why the fuck am i awake? this is why my doctor prescribed me to seroquel... cause i can't sleep at all.
username how long have you been on humira? were you on remicaid before?
username cipro can permanently damage all tendons in the body. if you enjoy being able to walk, you need to find a safer antibiotic!
username yes it and don't forget cipro. another brick in the wall
username not tried fluoxetine! xxx
i chose this name while under pressure at cipro, registering the business. no deep meaning at all.
username ooo i hated that drug made me feel really sick i now take quetiapine 800mg and few other have loads of goods but sometime i have
username get the poor dude a lozenge
rt username username does concern stem from paroxetine's effect on regulation of serotonin in brain? that would be mine hastag medicine #…
rt username find out more about nicotine replacement therapies including patches, lozenges and gum in these videos: hyperlink
rt username hastag eliquis: release of hastag pfizer’s hastag bristol myers squibb’s eliquis hastag blood clot preventer story. more in our health page ht…
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username when depression hits, cymbalta can't help” i need cymbalta lmao
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
me: effexor xr tid? med rec tech: that's what pt says me: did you check w/their pharmacy? tech: no i check: it's iii qd -__-
someone give him a lozenge at least
username yes they insert a port for the infusion with tysabri. i did it yesterday for the 49th time. it's just a small sting.
today will be powered by caffeine and vyvanse
username don't stop taking your meds! they do really help you! you still on fluoxetine? please try to stay positive xx
username it seems to be having an effect already. took zoloft in 2000, and effexor xr in 2006-2008. this was my specific choice.
rt username does anyone use or know of someone who uses rivaroxaban
xarelto ad: you may bruise easier and it may take longer for bleeding to stop. you fuckin kidding me?how much lobger cuz i wont have all day
levaquin and cipro destroyed me and j&amp;j and bayer refuse to help me  hastag bitstrips hyperlink
i have a life appointment tomorrow, and i'm going to cry to her about lamictal. because it makes everything worse. i hate medication.
username so interesting!! any mention of meds like symlin, victoza and their impact on lag times, post meal hypers?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
its funny how just one cut could make you feel more better an entire bottle of prozac/fluoxetine
username aw no pls don't :(
username seroquel can cause high blood sugars, talk to your dr. exercise everyday. lose weight. if u have type 1, ask someone else
rt username popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
rt username eisai pulls hastag fycompa from german hastag epilepsy market following strict g-ba decision to decline recommendation. hyperlink
username your welcome... i guess you would have to get used to it. i used to take effexor for that and xannies b4 that but quit
u wailed all night; now y'r disembodied sobbing all damn'd day, ghost? • effexor-xr registered discontinuation syndrome ain't exactly heaven, angel
if i hear about one more person's dog being on prozac.....i swear
i need cymbalta bc harry styles
the struggle of not taking your vyvanse &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; hastag beyondreal
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
started vyvanse today and i've taken 4 pages of notes front and back in the first hour of class flushed face  hastag gettinshitdone
psychiatrist said i was doing better. the downside is that she wants me to stay on olanzapine till december. hastag appointment
username much experience but take fyiw: i always gave it day or 2 to fully kick in. cipro takes time. keep hydrated whatever you decide.
username had crap day. had scope, but had to be stopped as am severely ulcerated. going back on humira to combo with new drug i on.
started my humira treatment today fingers crossed username username
username being taken off vyvanse will be the death of me”@zfaski52
cannot believe you recommend fosamax after proven bad side effects. stopped using it years ago.very disappointed.
username thanks, yeah he told me that cipro is an intermediate antibotic, he said i needed something a lot stronger.
username not really ! i'm on zyprexa and depakote . last time i forgot to take depakote in the morning .. :/ my mood was horrible !
username oh i thought cymbalta was a pain med. sorry, that sucks.
pop a hastag vyvanse i'm focused *whoop*
i &lt;3 xarelto registered
username only thing im worried about is it backfiring on my paxil but other then that im ready to try anything so i can drink water
fish lozenge lounge
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
i keep hearing the words chris tucker, money talk mufucka over and over in my head it's been happening for like an hour too. fuck vyvanse
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username agoraphobia with panic attacks. combined that with bipolar ii, for which i take lamotrigine. it's fun being me lol
username says the one who told me to take cymbalta
yes, i'll have just the dark roast with room for vyvanse? ohkay thanks
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username username username of your life = anthrax vaccine-----why was cipro being used as some treatment for hiv? why is an antigen?
in quetiapine we trust. no punchline.
'please put a straight pencil line through the lozenge' hastag lozenge hastag catstests hastag germanguy hastag bussy username username
username im stuck with the fluoxetine for the next 3 months, maybe it'll improve with time
hasten buttons: cultivate functionality as for cultivator avant-garde trading lozenge fabricational critter
ecigs are now part of my personal brand please allow me to smoke nicotine vapor in your home
tysabri for the win. the last time i felt this good and was this mobile required 4”s removed from my intestine. still not 100% but good.
e cigs understudy for marinate even with piffle not nicotine
hastag ertips safe electronic cigarette is a lie- you still get nicotine, which can lead to vascular disease. common side effect: impotence
i really, really hate this lamictal.
username re: eliquis-- a bit surprised. it's always tough to fight generics and to be 3rd to market.
username hugs.i had to be moved on2 duloxetine year ago cos of outside stress making mine worse.in dead happy on it but have odd relapse x
username username i can get you anything, you need weed, you need prozac- i know how you white boys get depress, smile your white!
rt username best to be hastag jc virus negative on hastag tysabri. if hastag jcv+, an antibody index may be useful to assess hastag pml risk further. https…
quetiapine - i slept!! weirdo dreams and very drowsy this morning but i slept!!!
username you saved me with victoza.  i know you are sorry  i will miss you. you will be okay. hurts now. you have strong family
rt username putting things off until you get your vyvanse.
username oh dear ..i mean depression sucks but c'mon are you that bad? cymbalta can help.
purchase of condoms...pregnancy test kit ....cipro...evidence dat niggas be hitting the pussy..
/fluoxetine/and life is beautiful again/positiv/ xddddddddd hyperlink
i guess the doctor was right when he said don't eat any dairy products within 2 hours of taking this levofloxacin. hastag almostanaccident 3 times
i couldn't watch this movie understand it if i was alert on my vyvanse. so i don't stand a chance in hell now.
hastag humira ouch jab mark from yesterday hastag crohns hyperlink
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
watching batman rises: where is the trigger? where is it? where is the trigger?! get me a lozenge! where is the trigger? hastag batman
username screw the levaquin !!! we will sit you in the shade
username hahaha sum injection idk .yes remember humira father is zoya father he went to gv the home $$ &amp;a child do sumn&amp;he wntd2slap him
within 1960's people needed acid solution to generate the earth odd. today the earth is definitely odd, people acquire prozac to generate ta
i only got 3 hrs of sleep. insomnia is getting worse all the time. i should take my seroquel tonight...
fda approved denosumab (xgeva for subcutaneous use for the treatment of adults and skeletally mature adolescents
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username abbvie suing ema to stop them releasing humira data
username username username username username username esmolol to see if bp will tol, then metoprolol
i am gonna start doing nicotine patches in school
username i inject enbrel once a week which helps xx
frnz r d smell of cigrates wch stays in d finger tips 4 a short tym bt true frnz r lik d nicotine in d cigrates wch stay in d hrt til death.
interesting experience from dr. billak of cca and the use of baclofen in a rehab center in ohio (usa)... 82 percent success rate. ...
getting ready for work tomorrow - vodka, prozac and their &amp;quot;i don't give a shit&amp;quot; attitude-yup, all ready!
depression hurts. cymbalta can help
username also, a free trial of cymbalta
effects of repeated dosing with mirtazapine, trazodone, or placebo on driving performance and cognitive function...
i need a lozenge. hastag aflblueshawks
zoloft &amp;paxil buspar xanax depakote, klonopin, ambien, prozac atavan calms me when i see the bills these are a few of my favorite pills
godsdamnit, i've actually started to fear 10pm now. fucking venlafaxine.
username i read about it i'm sorry if i forgot to comment, i hope you're ok. had the same thing happen to me on cipro! are u better?
getting pretty pissed off. 2000mg of seroquel should do the trick!
fluoxetine makes me see shapes when i close my eyes
username i take quetiapine and it's supposed to just relax me i end up falling asleep within 2 hours. my brain's always scattered haha
my rheumatic doc said i could take baclofen and norflex together (both are muscle relaxants). i took both, though an hour apart, earlier...
username megan, what's a lozenge? -you, approx 1 month ago. hahahah.
watching channel 4 documentary about use of hastag victoza for weight loss.  buying online, for off label use.
twitter induced depression ask ur dr if cymbalta is right fa u
what made me think taking vyvanse today was a good idea when i have to wake up early tomorrow....
i like the colour of fluoxetine capsules.
rt username watching channel 4 documentary about use of hastag victoza for weight loss.  buying online, for off label use.
reports in that hastag pens goal squad is reporting for emergency shock treatment. hastag nbc announcers will begin doubling prozac  hastag bruins hastag showrespect
one hundred years of latuda hastag twiiterclassics
username lamictal tends to work better on bipolar d/o with longer md episodes, rather than longer hypomania or manic episodes.
hastag ens2013: prof comi presents hastag msresearch poster on safety of switching from tysabri to username username
username t3 many drugs (eg cymbalta) already approved 4 use in other dxs, but comp's want add'l approval so they can advertise it hastag hcsm
it looks like tonight’s cocktail is going to be xanax, heroin, seroquel, and the powerpuff girls, ya'know, for some deadly relaxationnnnn
paxil is worth a try for anxiety/depression.. been out shopping today with a friend, before paxil i would not have done that!
username venlafaxine. it's basically a bureaucracy problem in this case, though; nothing to do with the scrip itself.
rt username multiparametric comparison of carvedilol, vs. nebivolol, vs. bisoprolol in moderate heart failure. hastag mdart hastag md
dr; hello dave. david; is that an old computer. dr; i`m not sure. david; what operating system dr; here`s some olanzapine, see you next week
nicotine ovvvva niggas cigarette
username i took quetiapine for depression, but took 75% dose instant at night and 25% xl in morning. i tried all combinations!
anyone able to identify this tablet? round, white, 2k2. baclofen maybe? it's in my purse!
alresperdal and rimiron with prozac fluoxetine of the best and safest drugs drugs that treat depression, and ask god's healing.
no evidence of crhohn's in my bowels. hastag booyah hastag humira hastag effectivemedicne
this vyvanse is keeping me up tho but i want to sleep
username only celecoxib and metoprolol yet 3'ashetha 3'alat lol
username inmates know exactly how to get medicated.they work the system.trazadone, seroquel benzo's.i worked there.the system is broke.
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition is became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
it's cool trazodone works just fine and it's doctor recommended...even though i don't mind not sleeping..there aren't enough hours in a day
rt username anyone have a throat lozenge for username he is choking so bad he needs something lmao hastag heat hastag spurs hastag nbafinals
trazodone must be taken early and i always take it late speak-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey
rt username username username his parents are dead, and he's given gotham everything.” patient: bruce wayne. 1 sativa lozenge.…
username can't get valium but we did ask shrink 4 it; she gave us seroquel instead. we have lunesta she doesn't know about though ;)
username for sure. i'd get no sleep at all if it wasn't for hastag trazodone. :)
shopping to me is like a smoker's nicotine, it's really sad but when the cashier hands over the shopping bags i get really excited and happy
alcoholic drink should be avoided with: a ❏ amoxicillin b ❏ metronidazole c ❏ ciprofloxacin d ❏ doxycycline e ❏ co-trimoxazole ans: b
skipping the hastag latuda tonight. dunno if my side effects are that or hastag cogentin so once both are outta my system i'll take 40mgs instead of
username actually, if i remember right with humira, they top load. you should drop to twice a day in about two weeks.
username hastag carersweek still no reply. still cut off and isolated...on duloxetine and sick but still forced to care...well done!
username do you still take quetiapine?
hastag tysabri really takes it out on me. spent most of the day sleeping.
hastag camh hastag badpharma - causes - drug-induced hastag psychosis hastag suicidality - hastag prozac hastag clozapine hastag quetiapine hastag paxil hastag addiction etc. hastag nursing hastag toronto
nicotine and bed.
there's no nicotine in online shopping so i don't want to hear excuses.
how is it almost five am?! i know i made the wrong decision tonight. choosing between flexeril and trazodone is hard. :(
had some coffee* and then later some herbal tea** and today wasn't totally horrendous*** *disipal **quetiapine ***didn't hit anyone
turnip strudel pudding chicken pickle lozenge eating coleslaw rummaging badger fillet hastag bestthingivesaidallday
not funny is running out of cigg no place to buy cause nicotine free day?
- you and we all have some humira in our eyes (permanently) i hope everything works out and you can come back to us soon bye for now lola
rt username username given kynamro, wouldn't you be skeptical of isis in cardiometabolic indications?
username he took me off paxil and onto welbutron cause my mom thinks im crazy. im just love sick
rt username username username username is it safe to use semtex with the bipolar medication quetiapine? xx” it's safe i take…
saxagliptin, am i right, guys? ha. hyperlink
night all, the hastag quetiapine bomb has landed.
several hours after ingestion, a combination (prescribed) of cymbalta and valium come together to bring about quite a heavy sedative effect.
someone get mike emerick a lozenge. i don't want to listen to his voice crack all night
username getting off seroquel (sero-kill) can cause convulsions, fever, toxic reactions, psychotic reactions. and other shit
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
wow rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
in the perfect mood to start crackin out the funnies. jk im just too lazy to find my trazodone so im being a nuisance everywhere
username we should just add prozac to the water supply. problem solved!
username username yep! let's try! username are you in?
username bring prozac in if u got any plz
the cymbalta commercial was like 8 minutes long because warnings so basically you shouldn't take it c:
taking it up a notch and having a cipro rager tonight.
username username i stopped with the nicotine lozenges. worked brilliantly in the end (when i *really* wanted to stop).
rt username the role of denosumab for prevention of skeletal-related complications in multiple myeloma (july/august): obje... hyperlink
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
where's my sertraline and trazodone? i explain that i'm waiting to hear back from dr any moment. she stays in drivethru. finally hear...
.@novonordiskus username i've got a question too. it concerns your victoza celebrity spokesperson
can seroquel kill you brb google
they keep promoting people to take xanax, seroquel, molly, promethazine, oxy ... cause my patients dumbasses are really doing it
username then i guess i'm just shooting prozac everywhere eh? ;)
trazodone can give you a 4 hour erection. and it's a sleeping pill.
this tastes like liquid fluoxetine tastes but i'm pretty sure if i drink it quick it'll taste better hyperlink
wow. just wow. i hope cipro works for him. it's a beast of a drug sometimes. username
username +1 for my effexor. nice to know where we stand. hastag wtf hastag ableism hastag hb2 hastag swtw
username that's a lot of pills, i thought i was on a lot! the only ones i take for pain sleep atm tho are amitripyline fluoxetine.
username wasn't like this even way back when i was on paxil. took like half a week for that shit to leave the system enough to feel it
has anyone in my hastag crohnie family been on 2 weekly shots of humira? did it help? and was it the only med you were on? i need dialogue on this
my fluoxetine has gone walkabouts, so i apologise in advance for my horrid attitude.
two trazodone and i'm gone
...but then staph is all like 'i'll just mutate my gyrase gene,' and suddenly everyone's *shocked* it's levaquin resistant! psh. hastag ohonid
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
08.15 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. lower back ache, neck ache, hips and knees ache, short of breath, (am asthmatic) taken 2paracetamol, to bed.
sigh...some days were just meant for champaigne and prozac.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
for some reason there is a trazodone in my biotin bottle and i keep almost taking it in the mornings.
meningococcal prophylaxis = rifampin 600mg po q12 x 4 doses. alts include fluoroquinolones (cipro 500 x 1) sulfonamides, cef3, minocycline
username cymbalta helps with depression, take that shit.
username that sounds like a sports coupe effexor.
rt username username username username username a more benign med: ciprofloxacin ear drops, come to your rescue.
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
ssri birth injury drugs: celexa, effexor, lexapro, paxil, prozac, and zoloft. call now to speak with an attorney. 1.888.520.5202.
sorry guys, the fluoxetine isn't working.
3 hours if class today and i forgot to take my vyvanse. the struggle is real.
username its likly you will be given the contraceptive pill,they didnt work for me but may for you.you may get fluoxetine which is
rt username are antibiotics safe? read our original investigation: popular antibiotic ciprofloxacin linked to uk deaths hyperlink
archie is freaking out from thunder. thunder shirt ain't working. any ideas to calm doggie? shaking like a leaf- do i give him my seroquel?
tonight i am taking my hastag venlafaxine in the evening in pursuit of better sleep and less tired daytimes. wish me luck.
i wish i could take more than 1 prozac. i'm depressed.
username lamictal, fanapt, benztropine, and doc gave me nuvigil for wakefulness
username username tell em no amoxicillin. that never works for jimmy. cipro and azithro only. get well soon, little girlie
hastag indirectyourex you still owe me $5 for that vyvanse i gave you for free
think im gonna have to start taking my vyvanse again. my lack of motivation to do anything is scary
username it's completely not true - baclofen works both for withdrawal and to suppress craving - inform yourself better...
i constantly count my pills and days until my next refill. hastag paxil hastag panic hastag anxiety
username called lamictal (for anxiety) that turns out i'm allergic to also. kicker is, they both can cause sjs. i never had a chance.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. bananas bananas
something bout lightin up of marlboro red that nicotine rushing through my head and the taste of southern comfort on my lips
username take up running mate and the thought won't cross u again! it releases the same hormones as nicotine
username it was actually me. plot twist!!! now text me back, or i will go into a depression that even cymbalta can't fix
starting paxil again was a great decision. i was hesitant, but my overall happiness levels have been so drastically improved...
username vyvanse is so much better...
my nicotine
username username tysabri has worked well for many. hopefully it is the right fit the option that works for you.
username when she is moving around but she is dead...genius...its exactly like psychosis..u must know about ziprasidone or respiradone.
if you talk bad about lebron i hope a thug shoots off your great toe and all the vancomycin and cipro in the world cant cure the infection.
tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers). hastag travelskills
rt username hastag ucg and we steady mobbing / fucked yo bitch now she stuck in a coffin/i'm coughin i think i need a.. throat lozenge.. keep on s…
username the bad thing about lithium and seroquel is the blood test,and x-old lady was toxic on lithium.
grandpa prozac the gr8 depression by username hastag offbeat hastag cartoons hastag humor hyperlink
username almost. this time cipro is curing all.
may 31, world no tobacco day. june 1, amnesty day, any crimes from may 31 as a result of rage brought on by nicotine withdrawl are forgiven.
username nah, it's called trazodone...worst sleeping aid ever (except seroquel cause fuck that shit)
welcome to lozenge of luuuuv
journal articles fulminant hepatic failure in association with quetiapine journal of medical case reports, april 26, 2013
tonight has been brought to you by ciprofloxacin and hydrocodone.
username yes i am lozenge
not even cymbalta can help.
novartis tests copy of amgen's enbrel in late-stage trial
rt username dabigatran not working in this obese pt, maybe contributing to his stroke. saved by tpa.... speechless hyperlink
username osteoporosis needs a cure. my mom suffered from it and i have it myself. i take prolia twice a year. grateful for that option
3 red bulls, 2 vyvanse, no sleep = shit feeling
debating on taking a trazodone and literally passing out for the day.
the plan is to double my fluoxetine dose  of my own accord and when that invariably doesn't work ask to switch to a different ssri
someone get lockyer a bloody throat lozenge. hastag origin
let me fall into my seroquel dreams
username 12.5mg of olanzapine is a bit of an unusual dose! i hope you can tolerate 10mg olanzapine ok
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
oh my darling, oh my darling, oh my darling fluoxetine!
hastag prozac come and help me please!
third night of diarrhea and first dose of norfloxacin, gosh.. gonna die of dehydration
fda approval for brisdelle trade mark (paroxetine) capsules, the first nonhormonal therapy for vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause -...
jc virus test today... lets keep those fingers crossed i remain negative! hastag tysabri hastag ms
cipro is poison and big pharma knows it
rt username a study funded by eli lilly who make zyprexa! thanks to honest psychiatrist joanna moncrieff i went looking for... http…
username about a month later, jab trains late hone lagengi, issi baarish ko lozenge hum log lol username
hastag thankyoujesusfor quetiapine. it's the only reason why i'm still alive, not intentionally trying to quote pearl jam
election subliminal cd's lozenge mp3's-the valid impartment because festivity alterum yourself anticipate
i need to take my paxil but i'm to lazy to get up!~
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” woohoo more bananas for me! hastag fb
rt username there's a commercial for humira but they're talking too fast so i can't tweet the words
nicotine faded dreams
username yeah it came before transition and it came during paxil but god it sucks
we've reached the point of essay writing when i need drugs to go on. (drugs: coffee and nicotine, duh, duh).
and, on seven drums, the tom fluoxetine orchestra.
seroquel census: did we kiss? (notes i scribble next to my bed at 5am, loopy on anti-psychotics)
i have 4 vyvanse left. wow.
buy boniva to treat and prevent postmenopausal osteoporosis - ...
didn't sleep worth a shit. thank god for vyvanse
retail lozenge charms in preparation for jewelry manufacture minus pottery
username username cipro crippled me. you should also stay away from all other antibiotics in the same class (levaquin, avelox...)
rt username mark munoz plans on taking paxil inbetween rounds. hastag ufc162
effexor, motrin and prosseco make a great cocktail! ....
vyvanse saving my life
this cipro is totally killing my tummy .. hiks..
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” let's do this!¡!¡!¡
ssri discontinuation syndrome is a bitch. effexor, i hate you. wellbutrin, thanks for being nice to me. now do your job kthx. hastag depression
if i owned a business i would sell adderall or vyvanse to all of my employees so they would work harder haha
fucking venlafaxine
username i don’t have numbers, as it is far to early to speculate. example, tysabri… how many times has that story changed?
username i know it made me want to be sick every time i had it plus fluoxetine is the bigges bunch of shit ive been on worse than sertraline
i could take my vyvanse but i don't want to feel like that when i'd rather just be chillin
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
trazodone really knocks you the fuck out.
rt username dougados: etanercept in nr-axial spa - trend of higher effect if high crp mri+ for sacroiliitis hastag spondylitis hastag eular20…
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.//sin albur.
it's time to get freaky- oh, not sex, it's time for my 400mg of quetiapine
rt username work: in keeping with the holiday spirit, i shall be coloring the xanax, haldol, methadone, paxil and depakote in shades of…
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i guess i have to place my marijuana fixation with an ativan latuda and kratom addiction. thanks virginia court system
username it has helped somewhat yes. is fluoxetine not somewhat old? prozac etc. should you not perhaps favour an snri over ssri?
username i felt drugged on ritalin. i love vyvanse. i can't tell i'm on it except for feeling better and calmer and more structured
with your nicotine lips and your heart of stone
how to never get decent sleep: writings of a caffeine addicted insomniac with a nicotine/painkiller/alcohol problem by: me
i still laugh bc my dad has to use humira i
only my third all-nighter this week. fuck you drexel…. but thank you vyvanse and coffee
username -high fives- fluoxetine is my jam.
i have internal bleeding, physical depression, and im anemic ... i got cymbalta ,effexor ,&amp; zanycs prescribed though :t
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
results of accidentally taking 100 mg of vyvanse last night: i took it at 11:00am and was wide awake until 3:30 this morning..
username yes, those are very helpful. and, prozac helps as well.
username both are still profitable. invokana is a good drug. 1st in class.
i fell asleep and woke back up again. trying a quarter of a seroquel instead of half this time. i'd like to get out of bed tomorrow.
trazodone just kicked in
does anyone have any comments on quetiapine? i am starting on it next week and wondering if anyone has had bad side effects.
if my ra gets any worse, i'm gonna be on bed rest until bcbs personally delivers my humira persevering face thumbs down syringe pill  hastag arthritisprobs hastag cantmove
username lol but yeh i am. was my own doc so he sorted me. am going onto humira/thioguanine combo. new meds to treat stricture causing
username look up sertraline and trazodone if you want them, have them. they're pretty shitty for recreational use lol js
username quetiapine withdrawals.
username i can't wait till school to take my vyvanse yoder exactly much my tolerance has gone down during the summer.” best tweet award
i need food. i'm cranky when i'm hungry. food is my prozac sometimes. ok. most of the time.
username anything you can tell me about prozac?
username i think the enbrel side effects are terrible too, but at least i am down to one nasty drug instead of two! hastag smallvictories
username *shrugs* that isnt so bad. *produces a box of pez dispensers* here, for you and all your lovers....the candy is levaquin..
can't wait til august when i get me some insurance. helloooo seroquel and adderall prescription waiting for me.
username r u taking the effexor?
time to dig up my old trazodone.
asia major lozenge middle east,guilin sight is foremost at most considering the high-camp chinese
*takes cymbalta* rt username sigh =/ hastag depression rt username this! rt username sigh tomr need fi hurry n pass -.-
humira approved in japan for ulcerative colitis; self-injectable administration provides convenience benefits over other iv options
depression hurts cymbalta can help
anybody get involuntary facial spasms with prozac? mine is my right eye. does it go away or is time to try something else?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. need bananas asap.
your tongue tastes of nicotine but you're saying that you just had one
drayson no there's hope. cymbalta can help
actually thinking about just taking my trazodone and praying i can wake up tomorrow.
hastag bds hastag muslims boycott use of  hastag israel copaxone registered  rebif registered exelon registered doxil registered azilect registered gonal registered etanercept- perpetuate hastag israel discriminating hastag arab
username i think i've taken paxil in the past....also haldol once to calm me down / restrain me in the er :(
enbrel, you are such a wonder drug!! syringe pill heavy check mark
i now have two weeks off work because of drastic meds change which involves coming off pristiq cold turkey. do. not. want.
i masturbated to username last night. my wife was asleep...or dead. thank you hastag seroquel
had a nurse try to call in compound rx for 50% baclofen suppositories- whatever that means- dose would have jumped from 20mg to 900+ mg.
procreate thine website lozenge logo of design wherewith la steerage hidebound regard sydney
username i'm ok if i take medication at high enough doses. really feeling everything at the mo as had to come down on the lamotrigine
whoah so dizzing. damn  tamazapam - shld probably wap back to quetiapine if this keeps up! but it makes me feel so ick!
username i don't know that one, but metho made me sick everyday i took it. i had to stop. enbrel has worked wonders for me .. so far
username i'd marry effexor, bang kolonopin, kill lamictal
rt username got really cross restocking the paroxetine because it reminded me of stupid jj and his stupid notes. hastag teamtim hastag teamham …
username i've felt she was the wrong person for the face of victoza from the beginning.
one prozac a day
if you take humira it will get rid of you red patches but its gonna give you about 4 different cancers. commercials always confuse me..
i've never actually taken heroin and i only take the recommended amount of paxil, but the internet tells me it's the same.
username lol netflix does cheer up my soul ih .. idk how lol but it works fuck cymbalta” me too me too
levaquin sucks so much i'm coming off it. next up: cipro.  can't we just take the damned kidney out??? hastag oknotreally
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username wtf? somebody get eeyore a paxil prescription, b. jihad
~~member post~~ my doctor is starting me on effexor. do any of you have experience with this med? how has it worked for you? thanks.
username username he ran out of namenda and forgot.
username dear kerrie, tonight i discontinue the last of the psychotropic drugs:clonazapem. been off the zyprexa for years.
username blocked nose? take the vicks lozenge. helps to clear your airways
username no paxil you have to move people are trying to look at fa
trazodone hangovers are the worst, though. sigh
fda investigating 2 unexplained deaths linked to zyprexa
username just pop a vyvanse and you're set
throbbing headache from not having my pills. 2 pills left i need to save. this sucks :( hastag paroxetine hastag socialanxiety
username i'm glad someone does. fluoxetine and lack of sleep is not a good mixture :p
i feel like i have a hangover ...that cymbalta was a bad idea
username username username username username i thought cipro drops only worked if perfed tm not if still intact
username someone couldn't get duff a lozenge ?
pajamas and seroquel when i get home. hooooorahhh
username humira worked for me much better than remicaid. i felt constantly beat up on r. humira was much easier to administer, too.
didnt take my vyvanse and remembered what food is hastag firstworldproblems username
been awake all night will be awake all day thank god for vyvanse
username i just got diagnosed a few weeks ago with bpd...they put me on seroquel and kept me on zoloft with it. it makes me eat a lot.
hastag saphris is the devil. it can go back to hell where it was invented.
lack of nicotine.
username oh i took it last night. and i took it his morn... juz the effexor. but damn... didn't think it'd spike it this bad...?
olanzapine is good for treating paranoia of course, you need to ease off the bong too. not everybody is named rebecca or mikey. just sayin.
username reykjavik? i thought they wouldnt let me in ..? right we'll get back to work, and i'll take my olanzapine :-)
can't get enough of the throat clearing playback ! hastag lozenge
username i was taking seroquel off label, bad side effects, stopped taking it.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” banana nation
little did i know that i would go through withdrawals when coming off of effexor xr. hastag antidepressants
username username when i was having anxiety issues, my dr prescribed trazodone. it makes you sleepy to fall asleep but not groggy.
man, jim kelch needs a cough lozenge. dude sounds weak. hastag reds hastag hoarsethroat
i got a full bottle of seroquel and 1 bottle of water. let's just see how this ends, man...
username maybe? i need venlafaxine er 75 mg tablets -- there are some numbers here, i'm not sure what they mean
rt username differential effect of ticagrelor versus prasugrel on coronary blood flow velocity in patients with non–st-ele... hyperlink
rt username poor justice ginsburg. someone better get her a throat lozenge and some tea after all this dissent reading. hastag scotus
username bipolar, major depression. also, he's on quetiapine because sometimes he sees and hears things.
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. hastag facts
cymbalta commercials... where the side effects are longer than the actual advertisement
i need a lozenge. does anyone have a lozenge?
i need a lozenge
username the drugs are what cause calcification. especially flouride. prozac is half fluoride by weight.
username i've heard that zyprexa is supposed to be a++ for bipolar mania and kicks in fast.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. bullshit on prozac
rt username hastag wisewords this is me on drugs.: welcome. i'm starting up with lamotrigine (another name for lamictol) to... hyperlink
username enbrel is a hell of a drug
username yeah, that's the dose i used to be on in combo with lithium and lamotrigine. i'm only on a very tiny dose of q as titrating up
fun facts: do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combination of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
hysterical seroquel, that shit is over rated fuck getting' faded, yo, i get eliminated
things i would give up for a hastag heat loss tonight: nicotine, secret obsession of bubble gum pop music, tmz, and the voice. hastag nbaplayoffs
guy fieri introduces a new entrée of steak battered in licorice and motor oil, glazed with powdered nicotine gum. covered with cheeto dust.
username did you see dispatches in c4 tonight about victoza / glp1 drugs re pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer?
username on paxil now..and hoping for better days. feel like a placebo experiment. :( how are you all doing/and coping? love to all xoxo
username :( not fair is it. i found that one unexpected effect of hastag venlafaxine was that it helped with the hastag ibs
off paxil, back on zoloft cutting down. also, cutting down my klonopin. moving in the right direction. hastag progress hastag medtalk
rt username username omg your name is vyvanse lol it came up on my phone like, vyvanse retweeted you
username i'm not bad, i'm getting by. :) just switched to cimzia from humira so hoping that works.
just because i have band-aids on my leg doesn't mean i'm on nicotine.
i could pass out with a moments notice even with this vyvanse in my system!
username olanzapine dreams are the best kind...
idols came crashing down 2nite. bob geldof, just cringed. blondie, band sublime, debbie needs a lozenge. glasto on the telly..
walk 2 blocks down the street, and there's the top of vatican city... hastag cipro hyperlink
buy prozac without prescription
some girls are to depressed for nothing. bitch take cymbalta or something shit
just saw the enbrel commercial. which one of those kids is carrying phil's beans?
i just have to remember that what i'm feeling is the withdrawal from the venlafaxine. when my meds come, i will get better.
anyone notice that xarelto commercials are almost identical to viagra commercials? i just like commercials with sexy older men.
for mothers day; i gave my mom a gift card, a bottle of wine and a 3 month supply of paxil...im definitely her fucking favorite! hastag mothersday
hastag pinksheet is in trouble and sinking fast... story on xarelto ad’s benefit claims is a week old... you should hire alec from raps
nyquil at night, vyvanse in the morning. drugged out
i'd gladly trade the hastag mtx headache for hastag humira but after 5 months i still don't have the prescription. i function through vitamins motrin
username so many complications from one illness. have you had surgery in the past, and are you planning to start humira or similar drugs
{1} alendronate is a bisphosphonate used to treat oseoporosis and paget's disease. how should the patient take it? hyperlink
rt username despite their anticonvulsant properties, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, phenytoin, and topiramate have been reported to cau…
what to do? not looking forward to cold turkey withdrawals from pristiq... sense of impending doom. anxiety only makes the situation worse.
this vyvanse is making want to build something...wtf
username have you tried costco pharmacy? don't need to be a member their drugs are insanely cheap. kid's lamictal $700 cvs = $23 costco
username have had no response on double and triple treatments. have exhausted humors, enbrel, and now on this. recently taken out of work
username stopped zoloft cold turkey after i became suicidal, stopped effexor because i was numb.
fluoxetine do your goddamn jin
cymbalta can help hastag subtweet
well told my dad how i lost my vyvanse....big mistake! now all he keeps saying is, damn, kate! you'd lose your head if it wasn't attached!
username i'd forgotten about the quetiapine, i was going to ask if you were listening to username before bed.
username it's short-term pain while i recover from ear surgery. nothing i need cymbalta for.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username i needed vodka smokat and prozac to take it lool
brb, dying of nicotine withdrawal.
hastag cmsc a new test to establish risk of pml in tysabri reveals about half of jcv infected patients have very low risk of pml
from your sixties people bought level of acidity to build our world peculiar. at this time our world is usually peculiar, people take prozac
a local pharmacist reported 80% of prescriptions were for anti-depressants. more laughter, less prozac! share an attitude of gratitude!
username username cipro can turn on you at any time...don't press your luck with it!” uhh wtf
username sure it will! i don't wanna ever come off it! nothing worked for me apart from humira so sure it'll do ya good! you not well? x
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
username i'm on fluoxetine and it's given me an even keel. things don't seem so scary or the end of the world now.
doctor gave me moxifloxacin to kill my sinus infection. bringing out the big guns; sick of being sick!
someone get username a lozenge, please.
got my shit taken from me because i burned myself with salt and ice 20 times on my leg. out for the day ! hair appt at 11. on latuda now.
xanax, paxil, adderall more xanax. pot. great she's mixing all this shit. i have to find her. dexter, ur the problem, not the solution
going to see my hastag psychiatrist for the first time in a month this afternoon to get my hastag seroquel refilled and things. hopeful.:) hastag menalhealth
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
if you or a loved one has experienced adverse side effects” from the use of pradaxa, call 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol.
mimi needs some damn prozac boyyyyy
just got coerced into another dinner with xarelto tomorrow night... weary face expressionless face  hastag freefoodiguess hastag ihopemybossbails
they have to be putting nicotine into slurpees hastag addicting
watching dark knight rises, great film. but he sounds like he needs a lozenge.
username username me toooooooo! i need some cymbalta now” face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
ciprofloxacin has its speech situation up-to-datish independent sectors on the side passion grassy, offhanded su:
and after ten days of paxil i am 5 times more assertive, side effects are wearing off im feeling positive :)
tutto risolto a cipro. hastag ontrack rt username hastag cyprus unemployed rises 30% in may”
username i'll wait until my next dose of the meds and take my trazodone and hopefully sleep through it. rain is coming tho. ugh
rt username hastag apixaban / hastag eliquis reduced major bleeding from 1.8% to 0.6% vs hastag warfarin in acute venous thromboembolism patients htt…
username off ivs for another 3 weeks for til tue til improve or ivs sooner :-/ hope cipro have helped, shame about no sun
username v concerned about how liberally seroquel is used for sleep, etc. should be used with caution, if at all.
today, the only thing i'm thankful for is vyvanse.
username username self pity? sorry that u feel sorry for yourself william...they do have medicine for your depression..paxil maybe?
$frx finally launches namenda xr in us, 3 years after approval. twice daily to once daily, but more importantly extends memantine franchise.
gonna take a piece of seroquel so i can take a nap lol
username that sucks. humira made me so sick. remicade helped a but, but then seizures put that out. now waiting, just prednisone now.
mirtazapine and olanzapine od may cause drowsiness and small pupils. no response to naloxone hastag samcoventry
my 3 favourite things about fluoxetine are: it doesnt work as an antidepressant. increases suicidal thoughts. it stops you from jizzing.
new dx: dysthymia. start seroquel (which i've had before. it zombified me iirc).
username trazodone doesnt work for me. i wish it did. i swear i need a propofol drip, lol. hastag hateinsomnia
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
username doing great. stopped humira 6 weeks ago. patient driving dr. so much better off it. best in years! be well.
rt username hastag endo2013: hastag victoza may help with weight in ovary disorder. hastag pcos hastag obgyn hastag endocrinology .@theendosociety hyperlink
screw you paxil! you do wonders for anxiety but you make me a ultra lightweight
ivan's probably over-analyzing that curve bc depressed needs cymbalta
username so true ricky! i went into anaphylactic shock almost died from taking cipro! dangerous drug - be careful!! take care.
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, call 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol. we follow in return.
missed my psychiatrist appointment. i'm just cant remember some small matters. damn. i'm out of quetiapine. can i sleep notighy without it?
dont take prolia if you're alergic to it. no shit, huh?
my increase of quetiapine is making me so tired hastag sleepy
breathe me in i'm your nicotine
coming off my prozac in september :)
username yep mri results. hoping to get back onto humira. dont worry hun. i had same with inflixi. i had to come off it for an op for
rt username rt username o’dell on triple dmard therapy vs. etanercept for mtx-ir ra pts features in this week’s nejm http:/…
username that's cool. would like to get off mtx and pred, and just have the enbrel do its thing hastag rheum
slutty ofloxacin
rt username [clinical trials] abbvie study assesses role of predefined doses of methotrexate when used with humira hyperlink
bro, fast food grease, nicotine and hella thc is all that runs thru my veins. like damn i'm unhealthy. fuck
on the humira comercial it says it can help relieve pain, so i said this dick can help you relieve pain thought i'd share with the world.
a cymbalta ad sez that liver problems, some fatal, have occurred. since we didn't get the in rare cases bit, i'm gonna need percentages.
not putting up with this pain all night so seroquel it is
novartis' secukinumab superior to enbrel in head-to-head p3 study in psoriasis $nvs
lisbon -- renal function aliskiren &lt;grf was given on top of standard therapy with acei or bras to heart failure and renal impairment
username paxil didn't fit me either. it's great for many. i'm on nothing at all. recently quit drinking too.
username hi louise must have a chat about baclofen. are you using it? have had some amazing success tho very early days.
looks like i'm popping a seroquel just to get some shut eye. g'night.
username topamax and lamictal.
worst hangover ever. need some seroquel....
hastag bds hastag muslims forbidden to use of  hastag israel copaxone registered  rebif registered exelon registered doxil registered azilect registered gonal registered etanercept- perpeyuate hastag israel occupation
kiss a nigga taste that nicotine
username get a hastag lozenge or some oxygen hastag chivslak
username we'll i'm on a bunch to take care of my craziness but it's seroquel. i'm also on celexa and xanax
username username venlafaxine is an ad as far as i'm aware, think it may have benefits for those with obsessive behaviours too?
username avelox got me. central nervous system breakdown.
zyprexa lithium klonopin for my time in america. its really reiki i practice on them. me and my twin flame r unbalanced by you when apart
i have my appointment set to start the humira on june 13. i have done well on biologics before (remicade)- hopefully will again. :-)
hot topic on hastag obesity pharmacotherapy at hastag endo2013 and hastag clinical trials on naltrexone-bupropion and hastag liraglutide in progress username
username dont i know it bro! now instead of smoking i pop a lozenge n bust a hole in the wall....same feeling of release.
zoloft and paxil and buspar and xanax depakote klonopin ambien prozac atavan calms me when i see the bills these r afew ofmy favorite pills
username i take effexor. am supposed to take at bedtime, but i take it around 8 p.m. cos if i don't, i won't go to sleep til 4 a.m.
can someone please hit me up with some vyvanse for tomorrow. i'm begging you
stepping into the void of a 100 mg trazadone .....goodnight good morning stay safe and remember we love you
so it fucking turns out that a side effect of effexor is a loss of appetite
ok everybody..through away the prozac...it's official...this is the best medicine:-)))!! hastag dogs hyperlink
and jfc i can't believe i watched that many eps. the prozac must be working. lol. now i w stfu and stop clogging your timeline w bs. :d
selling your prescription for olanzapine
liquid fluoxetine tastes like the sick of satan himself.
the seroquel is definitely causing this restlessness i'm experiencing hastag jitters
note to self: don't stick your tongue inside a lozenge again. they are medicated y'know and the taste is baaaaaaaad.
will start reading prozac nation later.
lol!! username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
if i eat the whole bottle of prozac, will i die of happiness??
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
username username username username its quetiapine for me. i was wearing factor 30 today i still burnt :-(
username please use hookah instead of any form of cigs.it is more scientific, dissolves nicotine in the water reducing risks.
do you need more lozenge magus' alt art?
this lozenge has made my throat so numb!
at the cypriot art and archaeology exhibition at the username love the cypro-archaic bird jugs! never seen anything like them.
natalizumab is a great biological agent to manage aggressive ms!
hastag dabigatran for pts with crcl &gt; 30, recommend dose is 150 mg bid, crcl 15-30, dose is 75 mg bid, contraindicated in crcl &lt; 15
username we'll always be together, together in olanzapine dreeeams...
this vyvanse is amazing!!! fuck adderal
pained by all the stupidity on your tl? cymbalta can help
hemoclot: a test system to measure thrombin inhibitors. an assay to determine plasma concentrations of dabigatran.  hastag neurology hastag hematology
username yes, humira pens are large and kind of clunky. they work well but its a bit of a jab for sure. i prefer syringes.
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help. username not much excites me nowadays.weed too :)
i'm surprisingly perky to say i'm three days off my prozac.
username remind me to re-check those side effectp of humira. lol xoxo
this xarelto ad must have a huge budget. they are everywhere. still muted, because the muzaky music is annoying and it goes on too long.
amazing.... rt username i've been in hastag porn for 10 years and am not on hastag prozac or hastag zoloft..... yet
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username doesn't matter. as long as they don't use tysabri royalty.
last night, i had a dream that username and i were going to have sex, but i was too tired. seroquel is the devil.
gamma-aminobutyric acid+glycine =paralyzing rem neurotransmitters=precisely when you shouldn't wake up=grumpy as fuck  hastag sciencestrikesagain
rt username there are other drugs in development. large randomized study of memantine under way for core symptoms. hastag autismchat
i need lozenge nw haha
$eln so took portion of tysabri upfront to help diversify
rt username my dream girl takes more vyvanse than me.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
humira is fasho gonna make me late for class
even if someone continues to use meth, with quetiapine, the meth receptors are spared and you don't spiral into lethal depression.
but i have realised that it's the lamotrigine which causes the joint pain.
username it is horrible! but it does help reduce my inflammation helps my fatigue for now. still on enbrel, less effective :/
the only time i was sad on vyvanse was when school was over. i loved school.
cipro is my friend this week, in bed with a kidney infection username what was in that pho?
quetiapine is known as quell” babyheroin.” when combined w/cocaine it is termed q-ball.” hastag camhrounds
awaken an transfinite number holding servant confronting purchasing lozenge huckstering private hospital
username lol it's not bad! i got here at 7:45 but i should be off by 4. thank goodness for vyvanse. i'm just tired of being inside!
this programme is annoying me now, they just weren't prescribing the victoza properly
fun facts: do u know what meds are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved hastag quetiapine aka hastag seroquel
i can't decide if i should watch mind-numbing reality tv on netflix or abuse my prescription for trazodone and sleep for fifteen hours
weird thing about paxil: feeling fully awake and energized and feeling completely tired and half-asleep at the same time.
username username ugh. my partner was on paxil for a while. it made him hide in the apartment. :/
iti needs to quit hiring teachers that have already retired from one job to take this one... imma overdose on vyvanse trying to stay awake
username off quetiapine, half dose citalopram, put on lamotrigine. do you know it? x
rt username hastag lurasidone has low propensity for hastag weightgain and hastag metabolic disturbances making it attractive option for hastag bipolar hastag depre…
username does the tysabri make you tired at first after infusion, not that you need an excuse to be tired! sleep well xx :o) xx
anyone here take paxil?
username well, i don't like it, at all. so, ima take this last vyvanse i have then ima quit.
rt username if interested in the sandoz hastag etanercept phase 3 study, you should know about this, too. hastag biosimilars hastag pharma hastag patent …
wow i took 3 melatonin pills, 2 fluoxetine pills, and 2 citalopram pills :o i'm gonna be out all day i think
username i'm on cymbalta some other shit my emotions are just bleblehbleh 24/7. sigh.
rt username username ayee we didn't get the cymbalta boss! save some billss!!
rt username remember people those on cipro keep in the shade or apply your high sun screen sun sun sun sun  hastag cfpositivity
username &lt; seroquel - at high doses its for psychotics at a low dose it helps anxiety, depression insomnia. 25mg i can finally sleep.
username a beta-blocker can help (that's why i take metoprolol), as it essentially nullifies adrenaline and helps with self-control.
i think tomorrow i'll rearrange the furniture. omg paxil is going out of my system! hastag meagain
username [and fluoroquinolones]:mechanism topple the queen:quinolone interferes with topoisomerase ii.”eg. ciprofloxacin
who will hook up and who overdoses this week on it's all gone fucking wrong? we will need a couple psychiatrists with unltd seroquel.
deb needs a throat lozenge
today was a good day. thanks to god and humira. oh yeah, and my husband. he drove.
hastag ifitwasntfor vyvanse&amp;coffee, i wouldn't be able to work as much as i do. hastag true
username is it okay to drink coffee whilst sucking on a nicotine lozenge?
username weird considered to the factive the one who tweeted it. if anyone knew i would. grow up
i need my daily dose if nicotine !
i had quit that psycho hastag bigpharma pill cold turkey. seroquel - but things are so fucking rough right now
username have been on humira 2years now n get on off chest infections that sometimes need 2diff pills 2sort out should i b worried?
anyone taking effexor? and do u drink on it?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
bout to fuck username in fifa. the get my vyvanse prescription dosage bumped up. hastag goodday
username lol, really? my prozac does absolutely nothing! i need something stronger!
username how does it compare to say, humira?
by the way username u no i understand the vyvanse life i took a 70 and i was goin bahaa
username username username username username trazodone and lithium ( someone needs their dosage)
have run out of olanzapine, was tapering off anyway but this is a bit too quick-feel restless. hot bath and diazepam time :(
kanye needs the strongest dose of paxil or celexa that can be prescribed
quetiapine od can cause mild qt prolongation but tdp has never been reported. qt-iapine…much ado about nothing. stc: yes. bad arrhythmia: no
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
depression hurts cymbalta can help hastag cymbalta hastag lol
damn i time vyvanse like a pro :) gonna be another good shift
replacement for fluoxetine anyone? need a cheap drug to treat social anxiety, depression, bipolar disorder and bpd while i'm out of nhs? lol
username if you near providence i can hook you up with effexor.
shit, injected humira last night into my leg and i just slammed my elbow down on the exact spot. ouchie!!
for the love of god if my mom doesn't go to the pharmacy soon im gonna freak out. also someone go get me the patch cuz i need hastag nicotine
half of seroquel equals 12 hrs.
one junior has sent friend request on fb. name is 'olanzapine trivedi'
fda needs a warning label for vyvanse: use of of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hours at work hyperlink
username or when your vyvanse wears off.
free 80mg vyvanse from my dads employee for this long day lol hastag thanks
rt username when in doubt, take more vyvanse. hastag lifemotto
oh my god why does ciprofloxacin take soooo long to infuse like come on i want to go out.
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
my dog might have to start taking prozac hastag lol
rt username irritation hurts...cymbalta can help hastag problems username
username username username it's very tough. i understand, you have my full sympathy. how did you find cymbalta withdrawals?
username in my work... i've never heard good things about wellbutrin. i see more cymbalta being used. you're not on a combo?
i need vyvanse ugh i ran out and now i've been eating all day and i feel weird without it
feeling rough today, effects from enbrel i hope not a cold/bug but at least i managed to get fire lit! hyperlink
username right, some ssris are used for cataplexy, as is effexor. can be tricky to wean off without rebound.  hastag nchat
username yes ma'am. mtx of 20mg weekly too. tried enbrel before this, and will do remicade if this doesn't help. hastag rheum
so my humira shots got shipped. drug company is helping me out while they work with insurance. small victories
username even weirder: i haven't taken paxil in 14 years, but i still feel like that now.
username not addictive? 'ssri discontinuation syndrome.' i know someone who has been trying to come off venlafaxine for over two years &gt;
wtf is going on i feel like im on vyvanse right now
username rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username cymbalta can help.. just kidding. do you need to talk? are you okay? :/
username yeah its a biological. like humira and cimzia. remicade wasn't doin much. cimzia is next.. well see
username 6-8 months on average. enbrel after humira waited a year before moving to orencia. hastag rheum
hastag thingsihatemost people who claim they're depressed everyday.i hear cymbalta helps.you clearly have no fucking idea what it's actually like raised hand
username i can sell you generic zyprexa on the United States cheap United States
username i missed its screwed upness when i was on fluoxetine, although it got screwed up in other ways then!
fluoroquinolones (eg, ciprofloxacin,levofloxacin,gemifloxacin,moxifloxacin) n children younger than 18years of age generally is discouraged.
username if eliquis and xeljenz fail to impress does this accelerate or decelerate the notion of spliting $pfe up?
paxil makes you susceptible to sunburns? yolo
username memantine has a limited effect, more focus should be on reducing agitation and not just with pharmacology ;)
username yepp im on fluoxetine and i still drink, i hit a bit of a low a couple of days later..but tend to be okay
yes i was referring to seroquel. medication can be my friend. don't judge me.
my nicotine, my blue dream.
aaaaaah, xanax and seroquel. my bed is way too close to my workstation.
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
you're so happy , you're like santa on prozac at disneyland getting laid
username get paxil quick. username
me giving up smoking at this time of the life isn't the best of fucking choices, i need nicotine for fuck sake
someone sell me vyvanse or adderoll plz thanx
username i'm having great time really needed this.ive reduced to 25mg weekly still working really hope humira starts 2 work 4 u soon hugs x
haven't took my vyvanse sense the last day of school. it feels weird speak-no-evil monkey
took my trazodone so see you later
took my humira late... has anyone had worse pain in doing this?
company drug screen today included nicotine test for insurance reasons. wonder how many smokers that voted for obummer new that?
username &amp;for depression, anti-depressant drugs such as prozac, work by increasing the activity of the brain neurotransmitter serotonin
i hear people at xsport always talking about pre workout supplements i'm like yea it's called vyvanse baby hastag endurance
phys rehab doc: so why do you take lamictal? me:bipolar disorder. doc: you don't seem bipolar to me. hastag dontcallmecrazy
ahh, that 50 milligram pill of lamotrigine really hit the spot! hastag sarcasm hastag ihatemymeds
what actually happens if i take fluoxetine on an empty stomach though?
someone get this man a lozenge!!! hastag bus3probs
rt username if concerned for pasturella from a dog bite and penicillin not an option, consider doxycycline or levofloxacin as altern…
rt username hastag pauladeen may have been paid $6 million for her endorsement of victoza. drug maker suspends deal with deen --http://t.co/…
more bananas and less prozac!!! bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username yeah, i couldn't function without sleep so i understand. with fluoxetine, im not sleeping as well, but still sleeping x
rt username she whispers throatily bring me a lozenge...a penis lozenge. *sore throat inspired erotic tweet
username i had to taper myself down. i think the seroquel gave me lasting sleep paralysis. i've had it ever since.
vyvanse makes me think too much persevering face
username i was on cymbalta for over a year. in the process of quitting it because it interacts badly with my testosterone blockers.
rt username 17 of the top 20 medicare prescribers of the beta blocker bystolic got speaking fees from maker forest labs hyperlink
this lozenge taste like steamed fish
adventures with pills~! this episode: cymbalta
we're having some real anti-depressant commercial weather lately. depression hurts, cymbalta can help
i hate my new medication. it makes me feel hungry :-( hastag quetiapine
a cedarwood is a creeper: lozenge-shaped, yet ungodlike
apparently i'm sexually attracted to women who smoke. well played, nicotine-free brain.
username lmaoo i don't need cymbalta. i'm a goon. i does this
rt username the diagnosis of depression didn’t become popular in japan until glaxo-smithklein got approval to market paxil in the c…
username ok. hope they help. prozac/fluoxetine seems to be prescribed for so many forms of depression.
what's iv incompatible with ciprofloxacin??
weed and venlafaxine...oh my goodness...what a combo
haaaa depression hurts try cymbalta bitch!
friends in d medical profession,i just wanted 2 b absolutely certain.if you guys can help me out,ciprofloxacin is an antibiotic for uti ryt?
poppin a trazodone, hopefully this helps tonight
the smell of my lamotrigine makes me want to throw up this is fucking ridiculous
atypical neuroleptic? ;) palu yet will be back tomorrow ._. rt@annekeholly: quetiapine is safe.. where r u now? rt username you mean
i love nanas rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
dear nicotine, i miss you! but it had to end for 20 years you where my friend a lyrical tweet it has to be, for dear nicotine not my destiny
fucking nicotine driving my fucking mind up the fucking wall. i feel like kathy bates
goes to sabril's home now...
sleep timer set. 1 trazodone, this shouldn't take long sleeping face zzz zzz zzz
username username username let's chuck some fluoxetine in cheer 'em up while we're at it
username heavy metal pumping through the veins! right on! or not... i used the nicotine free ones. don't even try lozenges, fuckin gross.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
headed to work, got a solid 3 hours of sleep last night and forgot to take my vyvanse.. hastag thisshouldbefun
username sometimes my humira pens make me feel like i'm 90 years old due to the joint pain everywhere.
day has been a right off. missed opticians&amp;slept aw day. sitting here torn faced, wi greasy hair&amp;unwashed. swollen feet thx to olanzapine.
username watchu know bout dat trazodone
on vyvanse so you know i'm feeling good
poor sad puppy is now on his 4th medication -- cipro eye drops. but at least the cone is gone...
depression hurts cymbalta can... fuck your whole body up inside out so your rainy day doesn't seem so bad... pussy.
username hey sim! i never chat wth u via dis social netwek, r u great dou?@cypro
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” gotta love bananas banana :)
username medications that block the nmda receptor, like dextromethorphan, memantine, riluzole and amantadine. username username
trazodone + restorative yoga and i'm dead
want to quit hastag smoking? try nicotine replacement therapy like gum, lozenges patches to help end your cravings hastag olw
username any side effects? my neuro recommended tysabri as first option but i was scared. went with gilenya
username conte's twitter said the testosterone is taken via troches (lozenge) said you can pop them like life savers
i have took some fluoxetine
rt username onglyza failed to reduce heart risks in clinical study: it is a glycemic rx - so at least safe in t2dm with chd risk hyperlink
someone up here who takes fluoxetine antidepressiva? i already have 20 grams a day, but i'll probably get more. any experiences?
glad my buddies (mineral water + lozenge) are still here
$biib $eln - rate of pml continues to increase, while monthly tysabri gross patient adds were down to 761 in may(jpm) hyperlink
username you can say that again! i trusted my doc and ended up crippled thanks to just 12 cipro pills. going on 4 years now.
rt username incidence and risk of denosumab-related hypocalcemia in cancer patients: a systematic review and pooled analys... hyperlink
username putting off going to docs. quite impressed by humira (current drug). don't want doc taking me off it. keeping head down!
my 5 year old cousin is on liquid prozac... everyone in my family has horrible anxiety hastag crazyfamilyproblems
username i'm on fluoxetine too!! med twins!!
i have a question for everyone on humira. how long have you been on it.? if it has been awhile what if any side effects do you have?
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
username that happens every time i take... trazodone? i think it was trazodone.
so your daughter's depressed, we'll get her straight on the prozac. but little do you know, she already takes crack.
rt username meganck et al: fracture healing with alendronate treatment in the brtl/+ mouse model of osteogenesis imperfecta hyperlink
kiss a nigga taste that nicotine
fuck i need to fill my vyvanse. add like a muthaaafuckaaaa
whoa quetiapine stop making me feel drowsy yo
indian drugmaker claris lifesciences ltd said late on thursday that u.s. health regulators approved its antibiotic levofloxacin injection.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
now i can’t climb the stairs, pieces missing everywhere, prozac painkillers
lol at enbrel commercial with phil mickelson in kpmg visor, barclay's vest, and callaway shirt. he knows where the money is.
username i need at lozenge so bad right now
pop a trazodone i'm schleep. zzzzz hyperlink
username he's doing good he needs his paxil cause he's grumpy but other than that he's good he just works himself to death lol
i'm pretty certain that this should be sponsored by zoloft or paxil. hastag skywire
rt username n. meningitidis proph: rifampin 600mg po bid x4doses, ciprofloxacin 500mg po x1 dose, cegrtriaxone 250mg im x1 dose hastag foamed…
username benzos don't work for me i've had a cracker of a panic attack on seroquel. listening to people chat on podcasts helps me.
rt username $frx finally launches namenda xr in us, 3 years after approval. twice daily to once daily, but more importantly extends …
username username nah i don't buy nicotine
username are you kind of a grumpy guy. in a twisted way you enjoy local teams falling short. paxil or lexapro?
reading about lamotringine (lamictal) on the floor in barnes and noble learning about my medicines yolo
why does the teen angst in the cure songs make me want to shout, go take a prozac! ohhhh i'm gettin old!!!
rivaroxaban diary day 22. last tablet taken tuesday 18th, 4 days ago. woken up in pain. bad fluid retention (uneven) on both legs.
hastag blackmirror is such a good show. modern twilight zone, watch with prozac.
username ...to be in a good routine. also seroquel are a funny shape, and that reduces the risks of drug errors on my part. the last lot..
i take ativan, topamax cymbalta everyday, so i'm not really sure how any of my brain cells actually manage to work together. hastag drugs hastag dumb
major adverse effect of cipro in pts 18 and under? hastag drugtrivia
username ugh, sorry. this effexor is not making me feel so awesome. posting puck's stuff tonight though.
you know that commercial.. deppression hurts cymbalta can help.. their lying.. neutral face unamused face
i totally forgot to give myself an enbrel injection today...awesome... hastag fail
username no, not that they have said. she's never had trouble with gerd, but she has had some issues ever since she took fosamax.
jessica lange, kathy bates, frances conroy, angela bassett, patti lupone...the boniva budget is going to be through the roof! hastag ahs
seeking klonopin and/or vyvanse, will pay premium prices, dm me if you can help.
and i'm not even under the influence of any substance (except my homie paxil)
username username username don't worry aileen, all you need is some cymbalta, then you'll finally be proud of your hoe-ways
username britney, say hello to me? sweet i´m a borderline! hastag seroquel
username how is humira working out for you? hope you are getting some relief. crohn's is no fun.
effexor is the stupidest fucking drug in the world
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
idek what cymbalta does, ctfu.
the seroquel is supposed to knock me out!
treatment: 1) antibiotic therapy: cotrimazole, ciprofloxacin,cephalosporin,amoxycillin
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
ciprofloxacin has its dealings vestibule supplementary sectors more correspondent herbal, uncounterfeited supple:
so last night i kept waking up with period pain. took what i thought was ibuprofen 3 times. turned out to be seroquel. i just woke up.
username i hated effexor. it makes you hungry, dizzy, and lethargic. that culminated in a large weight gain for me.
throat lozenge for breakfast white heavy check mark
cymbalta can help, but here's a ten minute list about the side effects that can happen.
fdargbiyesviuedh. that's good morning from taking quetiapine too late brain xx
one more humira commercial and someone gets shot
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
this entire day. i want a do over. pill prozac pill codeine. all the things to keep me sane.
hastag moh hastag shisha delivers the addictive drug nicotine and is at least as toxic as cigarette smoke hastag tobaccoday
username i hate how i start thinking about everything right when i'm about to go to sleep... depression sucks.” cymbalta can help
horcoff? give her a lozenge.
someone get the dude on sportscenter a lozenge
i can't seem to shake this uneasy feeling. i hope it is just because i'm so tired....or maybe cause i'm out of paxil.....
dabigatran is an oral anticoagulant from the class of the direct thrombin inhibitors. an alternative to warfarin. hyperlink
fan post: does anyone know what i can take for anxiety and panic attacks with 100 mg of quetiapine please?
username username therapeutic dose for most of this period i guess the stabiliser might have been the quetiapine
username ah i'm on 600mg quetiapine but as an anti psychotic. not heard of those other two. thanks.
username $amgn will be $140 soon. i am int med md and love to give you my thesis re: prolia.
rt username open access: hemorrhagic complications after prasugrel (effient) therapy for vascular neurointerventional proc... hyperlink
username depressed people check notifications for twitter, facebook, e-mails, and text messages regularly. prozac??
username i've had cipro before. luckily for me, the only side fx i tend to get from ab is gastic upset. but i rarely use ab.
rt username nicotine? too simple. i'm addicted to another chemical compound, it's called human.
username the humira is good. less side effects for me. the remicade stopped being effective after a few years.
username username joe is on pristiq and he gets weird brain zap / twitch things too.
niggas in my hood tryna smoke u like u nicotine
rt username ann had a tysabri infusion an interview/medical with atos regarding dla. guess which experience was least joyful? http:/…
cymbalta isn't working
is anyone on an antipsychotic they can actually tolerate? i can tolerate a low dose of olanzapine 7.5mg
rt username username i need a vyvanse. right meow.”
username i can't drink with my lamictal for my seizures. one drink and vertigo sets in. :(  without epilepsy medication, yes, i do.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
vyvanse was like aderall and crack i got ten minutes of sleep pearl
when paula dean spoke for victoza an expensive drug normal people couldn't afford, that's when i felt she was a traitor. happy she's gone
username or quetiapine as my psychiatrist calls it. it’s 1 of the things i’m on
username username had this twice a day for a decade from age 13 to 23. 1 year on paxil cured it, been free of it 13 years now.
with 500mg slow release seroquel in evening, 2mg malatonin at night 1mg xanax 4 times a day i could almost star in a cheech chong flick.
fda turns back new indication for rivaroxaban to prevent stent thrombosis in acs patients ...
rt username poor justice ginsburg. someone better get her a throat lozenge and some tea after all this dissent reading. hastag scotus
i feel like the only time my mom isn't screaming is when she's asleep. like jeez calm down, eat a throat lozenge, get over yourself
nicotine hit my phone like you dont smoke n i know this but today is 420 n ima get high n you know it
fighting an ocd spike tonight; makes me worried about trading the lexapro in for lamictal. i don't do well without support for the ocd.
rt username sucking on the moon like a lozenge
never been happier to have a lozenge hastag bainofmylife
rt username rt username depression hurts, cymbalta can help.
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
really really hope my hastag humira shot gets rid of this pain tomorrow hastag crohns persevering face
i quit alcohol nicotine right now!! person gesturing NO person gesturing NO person gesturing NO person gesturing NO
saw the xarelto commercial for the first time. damn you pharmacology !!!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. if only more ppl ate em!
seroquel &lt;3 hastag sooooomedicated hastag goodnightworld
effexor xr is the worst pill ever omg thank god i didn't take it for a long while jfc
in paula deen's defense, victoza's side effects include sudden, uncontrollable racism.
putting things off until you get your vyvanse.
rejection hurts, cymbalta can help hyperlink
username username although the fluoxetine apparently has an 'alertness' effect, so maybe they might counter balance each other
get ur lozenge away from me
....worst hangover that i ever had. took six hamburgers and scotch all night, nicotine for breakfast, just to put me right. - dire straits
ventral tegmental area... fluoxetine:...hmmm
username username oh, i'll never feel satisfied (remembers to take cymbalta). but i take your point.
username topamax does not work as well as seroquel in that department. mood stabilizers level mood, antipsychotics stop..
username wellbutrin doesn't seem to be cutting it anymore, so i'm transitioning to cymbalta.
weird hastag pristiq is sold by hastag pfizer but also by hastag wyeth
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
lean in my cup wit ashes from the square nicotine drinking ass. 10 days of acid rain, chance bible ass. triiibe goat throat ass.
i think i'm gonna have to start taking trazodone for my insomnia again
oh! there u are! :d rt username relationship status: 40mg of fluoxetine.
the sultry, smug, douchy voice of joe buck. would you like a throat lozenge? hastag baseballnightinamerica hastag redsox hastag angels
username cipro is just as bad! stay away from fluoroquinolones if at all possible. they're trouble waiting to happen.
username i'm currently on lamotrigine, and probally getting put on aint-depressants tomorrow...it ain't that bad tho
dammit. lost track of my mess. anticonvulsants: plenty. pantoprazole: running out. fluoxetine: run out. wtf? calling doc today.
you'd be surprised what some seroquel can do! hastag magicdrug
seroquel takes a long time to hit me ]:::
tomorrow is to batch ciprofloxacin, wellkid, and ovacare. cyanocobalamin is gonna be ready too hmmm...
also despise humira commercials during dinner time. makes me want to throw the tv out the window. hastag lupus hastag rheum hastag biologics hastag epicfail
if you were jc + did your neurology team suggest you stop tysabri or ask you to continue treatment ?
a perfect goodnight. trazodone. and rain. here comes a wonderful night's sleep. :)
the trenton thunder bat dog looks prozac-commercial depressed, y'all. username username hyperlink
username seroquel was a life saver for me, sorry to hear it didn;t work for you.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. negatory.
this is one of the worst days of my life, and nothing has happened. hastag pristiq
will science ever isolate the component of nicotine that turns a person into a littering dipshit?
19.32 day 20 rivaroxaban diary. still residual aches and pains; only had 4 paracetamol today.
dear mark lawrenson, i'm on paroxetine and they work smashing. email me and i'll send you some.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
why do i not remember going to bed or waking up (the answer: probably seroquel)
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
tears out, nicotine in.
investing ingressive mammon lozenge hawking him
did anyone else catch that humira is for arthritis, psoriasis, and now crohn's disease?! hastag miraclemedicine hastag onesizefitsall
username i've been on tysabri 4 years. i'm on a few others as well.
cipro is used for many stds mostly for chlamydia / username today's busted was way too real
so rivaroxaban gets nice approved for treatment of pulmonary embolism. more patient friendly cheaper th current therapy. but...
username username that doesn't make any sense at all. stop. and you get liquid with no nicotine.
don't even get me started on abilify and cymbalta commercials...
that 70 mg of vyvanse got me through 2 papers and it's about to get me through a whole night of 2k lol hastag cantsleep
xarelto: encouraging men to order something new at the diner and take a wrong turn, cuz fuck that.
i need a prozac and a beer right about now. confounded face
i wish i still had my seroquel !
depression hurts, cymbalta can help...if you're not nursing or pregnant or using a different drug already or allergic to it
has anyone ever actually been to that boniva restaurant sally field works at or whatever?
slutty fluoxetine
vyvanse for work is such a good idea damn
username mri showed lesions in my noggin :s got to have eeg to see if its ms or humira doing it.so more tests n messing about lolxx
username apparently i've been prescribed some parenting (paroxetine)!
victoza is insulin used by diabetics.... you eat like paula you get diabetes like paula...
if you take stuff for depression and anxiety and schizo and shit srsly talk to doc about lexepro and lamictal combo i stg
rt username no amount of coffee, coke or fluoxetine can get me back to life.
username yes but i had this autoimmune before i started taking cipro. thank you :)
username god has saved my life many of times from death me trying to od on paxil and adderall tylonal and ibprofren
username username i used to take fluoxetine (prozac) too but it didn't work for me, so i'm on efexor xl (venlafaxine) now!
a commercial for humira is on today i'm crying blood
rt username username publishes exciting phiii trial results for hastag eliquis (apixaban) suggesting a hopeful alternative for vte  hastag isth20…
missing my boyfriend cymbalta
hastag ff rt username i'm gonna take cymbalta just for the side effects.
rt username rt username bristol-myers, pfizer: study shows eliquis superior to current venous thromboembolism care hyperlink
patiently waiting for my trazadone to knock me the fuck out.
xarelto....afib related stroke med
username won't be seeing michael for another ten days. depression starts now. cymbalta can't help.” pussy
ciprofloxacin + metoclopramide + paracetamol = my new best friends
plan ur trip around ur once-monthly boniva
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
corneal deposits=chlorpromazine ziprasidone=prolonged qt olanzapine=weight gain clozapine=agranulocytosis thioridazine=retinitis pigmentosa
no tobacco day or no nicotine day?
username they also still appear in the rankings and received co effient points this year even though they ceased to be ,,last year!
trazodone nt cutting it no mre
hope dinner is nice for darwin people. pharrell relaxed.... he is on prozac though!!!!!
everything is possible with lunafly fluoxetine so, take this pill if you're sick lukies~ ^_^ hyperlink
how am i gonna finish my essay if i forgot to take my vyvanse this morning
warning: trazodone will show a false positive for ecstasy.
maybe i'm allergic to paxil, because it didn't say anything about making your face break out.
the drugs don't work!!! from fit to hobbling in a few days. off the pills but may need wks to recover be prone to ruptures hastag ciprofloxacin
my mom found trazodone and ibuprofen in my room and thinks i'm an addict. i'm getting yelled at for pills that don't get you high. &gt;.&gt;
username username there are no new warnings. same warnings as xarelto and eliquis. all of these drugs have a bleeding risk.
username it's not considered a good idea to take valerian with venlafaxine (which i'm on) sadly.
username really worried about this, function really well on 37.5mg venlafaxine 2x a day. dread coming off. want family. what to do?
gimme one reason why i shouldn't have sex drive / libido. i accept this as a part of withdrawal symptoms from venlafaxine. :o
username if i use ciprofloxacin cifran 500 haw many days i can feel better cause my penis still put the yellow things without feel pain
tripling the fluoxetine this morning because whatever
hastag pavosic was used bid in patients with neuropathic pain taking lyrica trade mark alone or with cymbalta. this addition provided more pain relief.
username a lot of psych medications might be the problem. typically alzheimer's patients are treated with patches and namenda.
rt username the following tweets are brought to you by seroquel trade mark
username my husband takes lamotrigine and kepra twice a day.
humira shot done - hopefully a lifesaver
seroquel is fun. just told dad about the dream i had last night where i was hannah montana and i sung the hoedown throwdown. lol.
rt username $frx finally launches namenda xr in us, 3 years after approval. twice daily to once daily, but more importantly extends …
lol he won't sell is cause he doesn't know the universal name for seroquel so he thinks buys wont know.
i shoulda taken my fluoxetine. dammit.
i hate when i take vyvanse on days that i have nothing to concentrate on cause then i'm just forced to think about how messed up my life is
if you have issues with anxiety, try zyprexa or risperdone. i take both and they help with my crazy ass anxiety.
username ill be better when we have a talk so that i know there aren't any side effects to you not taking ur cymbalta...lol
username b safe ..... u can eat almost anything with a chaser of cipro ... if that fails hit the doxy straight up ... god bless girl!!!
how stella got her paxil back
i need trazodone.
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
according to old attractive actresses all women need to do is eat activia and take boniva
never take paxil hastag js
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username username ...umpteen different other things, only this works - like only quetiapine works on my bipolar :(
chocolate milk and nicotine (y)
dang ordered it at 3:00pm est got it at 9:25 am. must have taken me seriously when i said i couldn't wait cc username hastag rheum hastag enbrel
has anyone ever had to take avelox? i need some tricks to curb the nausea and help me with the hypotension.  hastag avelox hastag antibiotic hastag evil
prozac (fluoxetine) is a medication prescribed to regulate and balance levels of serotonin in the brain,
thanks, enbrel. -- phil mickelson, yesterday around 7pm
username i've never had any brand other than lamictal
no wonder hookah calms you, etc it has 12mg of nicotine...
haven't been with this team a month and i've been let down again again. supposed to be going up on the lamotrigine but nope not happening
username the humira nurse line was no help. she read off the info sheet that yes these can be side effects, said call my doc or go to er&gt;
username work must be hard if you're snapchatting trazodone pyramids.. hastag cvs hastag wittycray
why is there a full four-page medical guide for xarelto tablets in my *tv* guide issue? somethin' ain't right here.
we irish are such a happy bunch when the sun shines, reading all the tweets you'd swear we were all on prozac today hastag irishsummer
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
paxil. that's exactly what i need. paxil.
i do not like it when my pts are allergic to haldol, librium, geodon and ativan
got new sleep med yesterday. it's 2:40am and i'm wide awake. trazodone is worthless. back to ambien, i guess.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
in one old purse i found 13 individual hand wipes and a seroquel. in case the hand wipes weren't enough...? hyperlink
everything is a cymbalta commercial
rt username novo nordisk a/s drops as new eli lilly and company drug threatens victoza: staying up-to-date has never been ... http:…
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username banana
i'm pretty sure they put nicotine in beef jerky... hastag sogood hastag soaddicting
sunovion pharmaceuticals inc. announces fda approval of latuda registered (lurasidone hcl) as monotherapy and adjunctive therapy in adult patients wi…
the only thing keeping me from driving drunk right now is this nicotine gum. you're welcome, tweekers.
username username my psych has mentioned mirtazipine if my sleep doesn't improve to replace venlafaxine as it knocks you out
is it me or did george palm seventy olanzapine during the recess? that melancholic grimace would depress sylvia plath hastag j4tm
my brothers friend sounds like miley cyrus. give this girl a throat lozenge.
username what's that? i am on fluoxetine.
username btw a did a mtn dew/paxil tweet for you yesterday ;)
username pop a vyvanse i'm workin' i can't stop working! lmao
quetiapine or olanzapine for mild to moderate anxiety hastag older persons mental health
i can't wait to go get my anti nauaea meds tonight. i feel like shit. humira is definitely kicking my ass but my skin lools great.
prozac is my best friend right now
username username i won't take it. i'm an rn. i take trazodone.
username make sure you are equipped with plenty of nicotine lozenges -- and good luck
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” i love prozac
username great read as always. i was on cymbalta for 5 days. cold turkey had sweats, migraine, tremors while on 3 days after.
seroquel can have potential fatal effects when taken being in direct sunlight for extended periods. can i get you a bottle&amp;a tanning bed?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” bananas everyday!
i aint hastag worth shit anyway..ima just hastag overdose on this hastag paroxetine..
username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized, back on now
do u know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved lamotrigine aka hastag lamictal
bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. this same chemical is also found in prozac.
xgeva (denosumab) approved for giant cell tumor of the bone treatment, fda: xgeva (denosumab) has been approved by…
hastag asco13 abstract 1024 - neozotac trial: neoadjuvant tac with or without zoledronic acid in her2-negative stage ii-iii breast cancer
2nd generation: norfloxacin, ciprofloxacin, enoxacin, ofloxacin
rt username username i'm so in thar right now i need cymbalta
anybody have 800mg of lamotrigine i could borrow?
in 2012 it was discovered that fluoxetine has the potential to act as antiviral in the treatment against enteroviruses such as polio
if my humira runs right. i take it 5days b4 my mexico trip. so will be due it in last week there. so do i try switching it or just take it?!
geodon im shots are a nurses best friend! that is all! hastag lifesaver
they call me mister prozac.
i feel like a drug addict taking seroquel every night.. but oh well, great sleep beats no sleep. except the shitty feeling when you wake up
paxil why you not let me sleep?!?
this morning drive is being brought to you by vyvanse.
username fanapt was the only thing that calmed her rages but comes with tremors.  i'm so sorry :(
username thought i replied. had horrible issues on it. cried slept for the whole month i was on it. cymbalta worked better for me.
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
joints killing me now i have gone back up on the lamotrigine. sick of side effects. sick of meds. want my own self back. knackered today
depression hurts: cymbalta can help
no definitive recommendation on how/whether hastag cardioversion can be done on apixaban - sh hohnloser hastag ehraeuropace
username username username username username surely having an addiction to nicotine is an excuse for smoking?
username why before humira?
took my vyvanse on top of coffee help too much energy off 2 go run a marathon now
background info: about two weeks ago i posted about fluoxetine... hyperlink
username / had a million sinus infections. get levaquin. strong antibiotic and tell doc u want 3 weeks of it. it'll kill it.
uuuuugggggg to day is hastag humira day darn it... hastag crohns
username give me a geodon shot to knock my ass out
username also, meth mouth is really poverty mouth. u don't c when people take it for adhd. nor in prozac, which similarly dries mouth
username i'm off humira as about to have ivf, the difference between life without it and with is huge.
rt username not gonna find a pygmy on paxil. i'll tell ya that.
trouble in math? cymbalta can help
username yes, get me one of those lozenge-bazooka mac pro's pronto! that will help :)
the nicotine in chewing tobacco is a deadly poison and it kills your taste buds.
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
username zyprexa, risperdal, seroquel, lithium, epival, and trileptal all made an appearance with the antidepressants...
username i'm on fluoxetine. hm :( hope you feel better soon lovely!! have you got quite a stressful job? x
what about 5,400 ml of ibuprofen and 200 ml of fluoxetine to impair your brain to fighting organ failure.
after that game, doc emrick may need a hastag lozenge
a throat lozenge sounds good as hell right now!!!
do u know what meds r 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combo of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
username effexor starting back up?
ah spoke too soon lol lozenge only helped numb the pain. now that it's melted, i'm back to feeling the burn -,-
numeric googly vice versa customary evolve: is he an vantage lozenge deprave?
hastag camh hastag badpharma - causes - drug-induced hastag psychosis hastag suicidality hastag prozac hastag clozapine hastag quetiapine hastag paxil hastag addiction etc. hastag nursing hastag toronto
prozac nation is incredible
username username fluoxetine is the devil!
username yeah fluoxetine 20mg once daily dose....:-) me alrdy started...
anyone have adderall or vyvanse they wanna give me?
username yes. i have counseling every 2 weeks. currently on lamictal, prozac, seroquel xr, but switching to geodon
say no to nicotine,smoke a joint today...... hastag worldnotobaccoday
username she has a half dozen or so? mosquito bites? def not fleas. but she also has a big spot on top of her tail :( i gave her some cipro.
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
whooooa last night was rough. i might have taken way too much lamotrigine and wine and schnapps and i spiraled but i'm okay now sorry.
username prozac. for a fucking three year old.
how long does a low dosage of quetiapine take to start having an effect? because nothing's happening here... hastag replytweet hastag quetiapine
stupid red jelly bean.stupid orange lozenge.stupid green square.stupid blue lollipop head.stupid purple cluster.stupid yellow lemon drop.
username cipro is rough on everyone i think. did you acquire a traveler's illness?
medication (cymbalta) is needed to more people than have it prescribed to them.
the liquid fluoxetine is so disgusting i really hate taking it at night
meditation is my meditation. that and lamictal lol username
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
a bases is a doorkeeper: anseriform but factive
username lamotrigine. do you know it?
username 50 mg seroquel with my ‘normal’ 60 mg lovan and 750 mcg clonazepam.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username username username that's amazing! humira syringe stings really bad. the difference is you can control speed of injection.
show up when i'm hungover in bed with vyvanse and gatorade so i know it's real.
rt username she whispers throatily bring me a lozenge...a penis lozenge. *sore throat inspired erotic tweet
who in the fuck had vyvanse or addie's lol
the scheme if it had gone to plan was to lance the blister with my hastag enbrel myclic after i had used it unfortunately no needle access
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
hastag isurecouldgopher some seroquel, breakfast of champions, accept no substitute.
username depression hurts cymbalta can help
username quetiapine. very low dose even with increase. helps me get to sleep (&amp; eat in general) but feel really groggy in the morning
why not to take vyvanse late in the day: i just cleaned my entire kitchen. it's 3am. hastag addproblems username
efficacy and safety of 12-weekly versus 4-weekly zoledronic acid for prolonged treatment of patients with bone metastases from breast…
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
oh, forgot 1x trazodone a day, so 49 pills
maybe its just me but i dont think its really progression if you lose weight from taking adderal or vyvanse.
ainol novo lozenge-an resourceful pass over
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
fun facts: do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved hastag quetiapine aka hastag seroquel
username i've got some prozac lol
commercial ad about the medicine prolia - don't take prolia if you are allergic to prolia. duh...
username if you hang out tomorrow with me and cipro youll get dick. not mine. sorry.
restless arms legs! blood quetiapine :-/
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
l'laila tov. by the way, i'm going into baclofen-pump surgery in mid july ( hastag wewillseewhocares.).
username i can get a neue schule tranz angled lozenge pelham but its 100£? but similar in mouthpiece to his isn't it? xx
username i'm glad username san answered you. (great answer btw!) i take paroxetine (paxil) but i have no idea if they have that in jpn.
monsanto is killing off the united state honey bee population with it's patented neo-nicotine based seed products. protest monsanto.
my mom asked me what trazodone is...
fun facts: do u know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combination of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
actually it was more like a prison but with nurses instead of guards, olanzapine pill n im= hastag zombies
when on high dose of seroquel, alcoholism was at it's worst and cravings constant and intense. now off seroquel, cravings occasional.
username i deal with the same issues. sometimes all i have is trazodone. working out and eating healthier has helped.
username username what rhymes with orange? username username throat lozenge errrr? hastag poetry hastag overthecounter
i just got a lozenge. voice hasnt' recovered from wednesday. it's gonna be that kind of night.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username username ... used to be on them hastag justaddanother ...worst was the psychotic episode when starting hastag paxil but one of my favs
username depression hurts, but cymbalta can help smh really gabbie?
glad i'm taking olanzapine or i'd be evem more upset than i am right now. yay for ap induced blunted affect ;)
username yes, took me 3 full months + weekly injections for full hastag humira effect; also added plaquenil. feel good now, tho! hastag rheum
oh, and some nicotine of courseee
if a substance is approved by the fda, do not ingest it if you wish to remain alive. today most drugs they approve can kill us. hastag cymbalta
rt username i’m a picker, i’m a grinner, i’m a lover, i’m a sinner, i’m a hammer, i’m a tomato, i’m a lozenge…” - steve miller
rt username head zaps the feeling that electric jolts are coursing through your brain, is one of the first symptoms patients fee…
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
not a wwdc announcement is the prozac again. celebrating birthday my hope in that was also knows way to!
lamictal shingles and overthwart-indigestion inhalant: .bza
hastag rivaroxaban worked as well as warfarin in preventing strokes in patients with af even if the patients were switched from warfarin.
username coz olanzapine increases hunger strains u all day dosile unless u get up when ur accilies still wud n coffee 5am fog frost
evening dose of lithium and olanzapine really knocks me out. in bed at 10.30pm on a friday night. rock and roll... hastag mylife
rt username username i would also love 2 get to 50 followers 2nite i'm username 49..pls help... hastag crohns hastag humira hastag teamibd
holy shit no more xanax or risperidone. i will have withdrawals. still on viibryd but it's next. it makes me the sickest.
running on nicotine and vodka
rt username fluoxetine from $1.92 per capsule in 1993 to $0.03 today hastag pharmac hastag nz hastag ihea2013
username i started taking lexapro but they couldn't give me seroquel so i have to start taking it tomorrow
day 1 no nicotine.
rt username 17 of the top 20 medicare prescribers of the beta blocker bystolic got speaking fees from maker forest labs hyperlink
i wonder what graduation rates would be if vyvanse and redbull were never invented. hastag probablyawful
not that anyone noticed, but my hastag ambienwithdrawl only lasted a few days. why? because i got another scrip. i need it while i'm on levaquin.
vyvanse make me so hyper and creative and i think of so many tweets
username wouldn't a strepsil or some kind of throat lozenge be better?
username i take 3-6mg of melatonin. i was taking trazodone, but i can't take that anymore for a couple reasons.
this rant could be hastag paxil withdrawl...or delayed divorce rage.
i should just start taking my prozac again so i can stfu and go numb and maybe i won't cry anymore cos i'll be too fucking lifeless
i think i might have to try something else than paxil. though, i do enjoy it with abilify so that my mood is stable, just does nothing for
oregon lozenge pitch unicorn on the spot in preference to lease and release
username olanzapine is amazing srsly, the dreams are immense, no addiction, its gorgeous, like brave new world soma to me
anyone got a marlboro i can bum for lunch, trying to have a hella good time with some nicotine. hastag turnup
haven't had any nicotine all mf day!!!!!!
depression hurts cymbalta can help
release of eliquis blood clot preventer story - reuters ...
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
ask me about lamotrigine.
username username bummer :( it works for me but lamictal works way better so i would like to switch instead of both.
night all. tv in bed hastag quetiapine
taking my aspirin and paxil aka sierra nevada torpedo and red congolese dabs. feeling better already.
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
rt username she whispers throatily bring me a lozenge...a penis lozenge. *sore throat inspired erotic tweet
rt username i share with you how i inject my humira using the syringe . hope it helps elevate any fears you may have... hyperlink
gp insisted on pneumonia vax now that i'm on humira. sounds good to me. had pneumonia a few times. don't want more.
username yeah i'm taking lamotrigine and they work, it's just i haven't taken them in 2 days.
when 97% of your drugs ad is a list side effects it's not even fun to make fun of anymore. hastag cymbalta hastag depressionisnolaughingmatter.
hastag كيف تتخلص من الاكتئاب جرب venlafaxine
we had him on paxil - in reference to the bear.
mañana biocinves 2013, presentaré mi trabajo effect of fluoxetine, bupropion and yohimbine on proceptivity and receptivity in naturally...
feeling like you should star in the enbrel commercial &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
username ah yes, there's always that option ;-) i need trazodone, no matter how tired i am, my brain wouldn't switch off otherwise
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
rt username hastag rheum new study finds even in low-crp patients, 14-3-3eta predicts response to treatments like humira marks... hyperlink
username so true - all the time! i see commercials for pradaxa lawsuits already. i'll stick to the tried true version.
username smokin nd sleeping hastag seroquel
username effexor was a boner killer, absolutely. welbutrin goes the other way.
nicotine lozenges are so so horrible
any single nite ill still pop that pussy like a prozac ...
username i have prescription trazodone and clonidine. pick your poison.
username hey ms naminda hastag followback
username buy $jnj, it has a great drug in invokana.
username i've found that it's okay to stop dead with prozac but not fluoxetine - i got terrible paraesthesia; it felt as though i was
i need me some cymbalta
username are you feeling deppression , cymbalta can help ? ;3
username something called cipro. my walgreens didn't have it
2. elbow-length nicotine stains now function as gloves for your evening gown.
quitting killer cigs is our mission, username . great benefits for dippers who quit too. same addiction (nicotine), same cures.
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
vyvanse is really taking its toll now hastag headache hastag anger
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.-i coulda had bananas?
username also the hastag antibiotic levaquin will create a situation for tendons to rupture more easily.
and when i finish school i will prescribe you some prozac. and some friends who don't have similar depression/addiction problems OK hand
username i think this whole thing is out of control. thanks to you i am on victoza and doing great.
great idea number 1: remarket nicotine gun as high energy gum for unsuspecting masses.  hastag terribleidea
username are they trying to get your cytosine on paxil?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username ofcourse it does!! nicotine firstly kills your creativity! and most of the youths smoking,taking tobacco are found less creative!
username i do 2 per week - method and enbrel and its nothing.
qt boy wid a vyvanse scrip like um
username no, strawberry is kinda gross without nicotine, did you get your e cig?
username cold turkey baby! i was using lozenges for day 1 then binned them as they were stronger nicotine than my normal smokes.
bombed on olanzapine. work going to be tricky. 5 days of not drinking coming up. i could sleep all the time atm.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
please stop asking me if enbrel is right for you -- dr. dre
username i’m only on 20mgs as it is and i’m not even at my pre pregnancy dose of lamictal. ob says we will be fine.this is frustrating.
bars, dank, and seroquel got a nigga chillin' to the max.
pregnancy and zyprexa? if i am pregnant, it works well for me.
username like brain cipro.
username it's not really common, from what i was told. i always have weird side effects. but lamictal did help my mdd for a while.
username seroquel xr is a strong antipsychotic, i was misdiagnosed with schizophrenia 8 years ago when i went under state custody
hastag bds hastag palhoax must immediately boycott &amp;stop use of  hastag israel copaxone registered  rebif registered exelon registered doxil registered azilect registered gonal registered etanercept- hastag occupation tools
paxil bottle: take 1 by mouth twice daily~ ok *takes 2
4 types of medicine, 2 types of lozenge, spoonful of honey and now ice. any other cough remedies?
poppin fluoxetine hastag erryday hastag happypills
liverpool have had some fucking awful away kits. remember that yellow lozenge inspired one about 10 years ago?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
my trazodone be having me dream all types of crazy.
rt username 1/2 good hastag cochraneevidence natalizumab ifnß-1 best for preventing clinical relapses in rrms short-term but... http:/…
rt username humira commercial on my tv humera
i need a lozenge
trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, cipro or macrobid? username username username she was full term and otherwise healthy
can my day get any worse! this is when nyquil trazodone come in handy
dear drug dealers: when cutting your drugs, use seroquel instead. sure-fire results.
people taking hastag quetiapine - does this need to sleep 24/7 go eventually? cos this is not sustainable beyond the short term.
lamictal epilepsia major and dissentient-seizure balsam: .okl
just ate my lozenge but im scared if it doesnt help
username i've been on cymbalta the longest out of any fibro med. so far no reaction. others were horrible.
rt username vyvanse, commonly known as ocd in a pill.
my medication is making me stupid, brain meds are not ok , fuck u paxil
my doctor prescribed a banana, a big mac meal, a gatorade and some norfloxacin. okay.
username enbrel is a biologic, a drug used to treat ra. it works by reducing active tumor necrosis factor (tnf), which &gt; inflammation.
today's pharmacy adventure didn't go so well. they only had 3 days of the meds i needed and needed approval from the doctor for trazodone.
2.5h since 100mg dph, 2h since 200mg quetiapine (and other meds), no restless legs and barely noticeable somnolence
does fluoxetine (anti-depressant) make you gain weight? id rather be sad then be fat :c
rt username drug information update - fda approves the first non-hormonal treatment (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause‏
username thanks for posting. now i know not to buy victoza; springer mountain chicken; landies candies; and tasty blend foods products.
good morning cafein and nicotine. good morning friday. thanks god it's friday. *seko google translate*
i love this effexor! majorly kills my libido.
username you're so fucking selfish. i've got lamotrigine! no more fat pills :)
i hate. direct to consumer advertising for pharmaceuticals. especially for things like xarelto. good lord.
username u must come so i can put u on haloperidol or seroquel prophylaxis
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
rt username rt: if you’re using hastag humira today. learn how username is teaming up to fight back hyperlink hastag teamcrohns
woke up to a humira commercial instantly thought of username
username username cimzia is what i'm trying next in a few weeks. if that fails tysabri is all they know to try. my risk of the..
fun facts: do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved lamotrigine aka hastag lamictal
username dr. matthew birnholz interviews top diabetes experts at the invokana booth today. catch the interviews starting username 10am! #2013ada
also, yay addiction. it's drugs i need for living, but it's still dependance. every time i get a paxil headache i realize this. oh well.
cipro de registration process killing us omg...annual returns causing havoc 4 businesses 4 sure..
i accidentally ordered 11 bottles of brand name lamictal and our vendor won't take them back. fml
username adderall in the am, ambien at night, vodka in the water bottle” me: vyvanse in the am, ghb at night, adderall all day
mt username username username username enbrel $2500mo but $25 after insur.thing is it works//cant imagine.what i wouldnt pay4that!
day five of no effexor. i am guessing this is what it feels like when you come off heroin...  hastag discontinuation
username pred and then humira need to do the job (with other meds) to allow that i guess x
username username would you like a throat lozenge?
its really cool that when i have people over at my house they decide to steal my ipod and all of my vyvanse. assholes.
had exhausted his lozenge he told me how many times the screw of the.
username get ekg to see if hastag avelox increased heartbeat,torsades de pointes, or you have prolonged qt intervals or t-wave irregularity
make sure you talk to your doctor before taking cymbalta
$aegr pop ceo on cnbc username says juxtapid has approx 18k potential patients  costs roughly $235,000 per patient, positive in euro etc
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
rt username fda rejects nda for xarelto to prevent stent thrombosis in acs patients. (story to follow in the pm.)
who on here uses hastag cymbalta?  i just started on it and am curious what to expect. i've been extremely depresssd for awhile now.
i want to breath in nicotine
depression hurts.. cymbalta can.help.
at hastag mtsinai today for hastag bonemarrowbiopsy hastag mri and hastag zometa will find out how well the hastag sct worked!
username my cousin has bipolar she is on seroquel, her feet are always going she twirls her hair constantly is that a side effect of them
username wow. sounds like they really want people to take humira
username when i got humira they sent me a box of them, same with b12,and when they did home health care infusions.
rt username bron bron needs a cepacol lozenge.  hastag coughcough
ipab asks controller general of patents to reconsider pradaxa patent application. says product is not new or inventive hastag india hastag patents
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
while i missed the chat i'll say it took a while for the right medication. trazodone remeron and it's out like a light hastag bpdchat
username yeah, mum stuff, just frustrated :) i took olanzapine and wrote everything out and m falling asleep, i'll be fine! thanks bb xx
my emails to big pharm were answered! turns out there is a pill that makes you stop spending all of your income in food and it's hastag vyvanse
rt username some middle eastern folks chatting at next table. if someone opens a lozenge factory over there, he is gonna clean up!
debbie just hit the wall! she never had it all 1 prozac a day husbands a cpa
i hate trazodone more than i hate myself and that is a lot
little brother and friend talking about speed and vyvanse at dinner wut
lalalalala.. clearly i've underestimated my vyvanse by choosing to take it in the middle of the day. hastag wideawake hastag neveragain person gesturing NO
oh. delayed reaction from humira injections-my hip joints just started hurting. haha.
rt username rt username hastag dabigatran submitted to ema for acute hastag treatment prevention of recurrent hastag dvt hastag pulmonaryembolism hyperlink
username my nighttime med is trazodone and i cut back to a generic, otc for my acid but it is a sad night if i don't take it.
username it's really rare to experience that on quetiapine- i get all the strange side effects :(
username make i bring money make we go register prdts, all dese cipro, ceftriazone, co-amoxiclav dey 'move market'
may issue case report loss of consciousness after long-term memantine treatment by savic mimica hastag lossofconsciousness hastag memantine hastag alzheimer
i could take cymbalta for pain but i had have to tell my doc if i'm pregnant or nursing. hastag rmdo
don't panic guys, i'll be ok once i've had coffee, nicotine, and injected last night's left over smack.
i keep my weekly to-do lists after they're all crossed out as a record of the things i've done .. i think i need more prozac
21.21 day 19 rivaroxaban diary. decided to continue until all aches gone. hips and legs still ache but much more mobile now.
username the fda approval study for humira and they started adding the methotrexate and its really did a lot for me. :)
this stuff is like natural healthy vyvanse.......
ssri birth injury drugs: celexa, effexor, lexapro, paxil, prozac, and zoloft. call now to speak with an attorney. 1.888.520.5202.
username yeh you're right about that! seroquel is the absolute worst out there.
username a cozy restaurant nearby therapist serves warm listening if you're in the mood, effexor, lamictal, klonopin, served yr. way
xylophone, xarelto, we don't the letter x (ps i'm watching a commercial for xarelto
username nesena hashtag hastag مقصودة
now to pop a trazodone smoke some buds
rt username $biib $eln - rate of pml continues to increase, while monthly tysabri gross patient adds were down to 761 in may(jpm) http…
the xarelto commercial during the today show is the highlight of my morning.
username you be straight floxin yo
i need fuckin alzhemer's meds (really fun meds yknow) not godamned prozac or fuckin zyprexa. for my neverending fever.
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
username good thing for low dose seroquel!! friends bro was uber awkward. also a little awkward to work around a guy on team who likes me
india is a beautiful, amazing, exhilarating country! our indulgences have caught up with us, but thank goodness for cipro!
dm@allypinion im on lamictal lexapro just switched from geodon to abilify. i think thats why i cant drink anymore
a new spot in my friend circle has opened up but only for the cartoon cymbalta pill! cc: username
username &gt;discontinuation effects. effexor’s bad about that, i hear.
username that's what u used to take that has wt loss as a side benefit. tell ur dr fuck abilify, i want me some lamictal.
i ain't even feel it yet tho, just barely took it.. already ate a bit, and drinking a calcium-enriched smoothie lolol hastag vyvanse
guess its time to get up and take some vyvanse so i can pass this exam tomorrow.
username scared to start fluoxetine, what's you're opinion on them? xx
if i could have a drink with a pseudoceleb it would be username but then i remember that's a bad idea for him. so, maybe like, a lozenge?
eat carrots then can only think until brunoise jullienne batonnet small dice lozenge chiffonade... lolwts. life of a culinary student confounded face sad but relieved face
username if you don't mind my asking, is the venlafaxine for depression? if so, guilt + missing meds is probably a poor decision.
rt username pharmagossip: for az's onglyza savour is not a saviour:  astrazeneca has suffered another drug trial setback.... hyperlink
i might make ecigs part of my personal brand please allow me to smoke nicotine vapor in your home
depression hurts, cymbalta can help... you kill yourself.
thank god for trazodone
username ugh that's terrible! i worry since i'm only 18 and can't use simponi, humira, or remicade already. methotrexate is my lifeline.
username yes, it is. no alerts pushing through since yesterday. i pulled ch7 to repost when it's taken its paxil
my first nicotine today, and a cup of tea. what a wonderful day.
rt username my life can be divided into pre-seroquel and post-seroquel epochs
username if $aegr reports 275 juxtapid rx that would suggest a high drop out rate(75 on therapy in q1) but wld be consistent w gdnce
i don't what hastag xarelto does. but they had penguins in the commercial. i like penguins. i think i'll try it.
username since mike is the man, we have a vyvanse credit card hastag doctamike
rt username username quetiapine, vicodin, and promethazine for sell hmu lmao !” of you don't give me that promo
i b smashing em at work username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
lool username lawl rt username animals are committing suicide. depression hurts. cymbalta can help. hastag teenwolf
ssri birth injury drugs: celexa, effexor, lexapro, paxil, prozac, and zoloft. call now to speak with an attorney. 1.888.520.5202.
rt username there are other drugs in development. large randomized study of memantine under way for core symptoms. hastag autismchat
thank god my steady stream of vyvanse is wearing off, i can sleep now.
username as effective,unless it's not, which it wasn't for me. enbrel is a god-send
apixaban: factor xa inhibitor for stroke prevention in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.
username username i didn't find it any more sedative than just venlafaxine alone. prob a little less so :)
*takes chill lozenge*
why did i take a vyvanse today? im so stupidddd
install star wars: knights of the old republic ii (the sith lords) today or not? :-/ hastag starwars hastag lazysunday hastag olanzapine
paxil waiting for mom to load groceries. yes i have become one of those 'dog' people. shut up. hyperlink
i went to the doctor today and he put me on xanax and upped my paxil dosage
ciprofloxacin has its telepathy adit of a sort sectors still the likes of herbaceous, unsynthetic supplements, t:
username username seroquel was my boner kryptonite when i was a disfunctional teen
you need jesus. or a prozac.. hastag bringiton
rivaroxaban diary day 22. am beginning to think all pains from pressure on that part of body are due to fluid retention.
how long has your throat been raspy? do you need a lozenge? rt username guys, i'm still screaming free vnasty!!!!! :(
cymbalta can help. grinning face with big eyes winking face
username yay! its now called love &amp;prozac and it opens 24 july at sandton theatre on the square. book through strictly tickets
does fluoxetine even work. maybe i should go back to it.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
username username was on lamotrigine for about 5 months, got taken off them due to a rash on my elbow :/ now i feel more meh
rt username username they'd be huge sellers for me. what psych pt wouldn't love cotton candy flavor seroquel? a sip a day kee…
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username banana banana banana
the cipc system will be up running again on friday the 17th of may, according to management at dti/cipro.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username and hydrated. he has an appt next month, i'm going to see about getting him back on baclofen.
so i'm going to try an e-cigarette on friday night. better than an nicotine inhaler, not gonna kill me like a real cigarette hastag compromise
username cymbalta is not for everyone. you must consult your doctor before using cymbalta.
did you say mba? nah!! fluoxetine the way to success....interesting..... hyperlink
if i die due to this tornado. i go out with what i love. vyvanse.
rivaroxaban diary day 25 muscle back pains were due to being on rvxbn for 10 days, on it + losartan for 8 days, + losartan only for 4 days
when the fuck is my vyvanse card going to get here i dont even remember which mailbox we got it sent to what if someone steals it &gt;:(
we will remember him for the enbrel ads mt username 6 top-2's at the game's hardest event. will we remember him as fondly as arnie?
so.. the humira commercial said i went to my dermatologists she assigned me humira. i said y didn't she give it 2 u in the 1st place?
a horse walks into a bar and asks for a throat lozenge.
my heart is like a cigar. breathe me in, can you smell the nicotine on my skin? my heart is on fire and you my love, you are my lighter
depression hurts, cymbalta can help! lol i love that commercial.
username username anti -epileptics mainly lamotrigine, which i take
a little nagging cough and kinda sore throat this morning. yuck! i need a lozenge!
goodbye hastag methotrexate. hello hastag humira. i'm beginning to feel like a bloody chemical factory.. and a pin cushion.
rt username username acute dvt, apixaban noninferior to enoxaparin + warfarin tx for efficacy, superior for safety. hyperlink
rt username need more vyvanse for next week. who can hook it up
!!!! rt username hastag pharmaakoto rt username no need 2 break ciprofloxacin tablets.......xbac suspension z here 2 stay..
read some shit that would normally ruin my day but instead this vyvanse is keeping me in good ass spirits hastag idgaf
i just found out that some dude from my friend's family was in a coma because of that drug (zyprexa) i was prescribed.
asked my boss yesterday what he needed. his reply was a goddamn prozac that about sums it up.
developing add in my 20s thanks to the memory/attention-killing lamictal i've been on since my early teens. hastag bipolar hastag morepillsmoreproblems
xarelto is the perfect example of how the pharmaceutical industry works
nothing like a little hastag skrillex in the morning on the way to work to wake ya up hundred points thumbs up flushed face ...the vyvanse helps too
i have to take my enbrel shot today confounded face
rt username who has taken my fucking fluoxetine?
need some cymbalta up in this place
username username i'm on effexor and abilify right now, i'm seeing very little change. i've been on at least 10 antidepressants
rt username incidence and risk of denosumab-related hypocalcemia in cancer patients: a systematic review and pooled analys... hyperlink
username fluoxetine? i think so coz i've been tried on different anti ds. think i need to find 1 that reduces appetite! if u know of &gt;
the pathway of cipro is definitely murdering my mind right now weary face  hastag donedonedone
username yup, been there w/humira (and any of our drugs that are advertised). ppl who aren't sick don't get it. hastag rheum
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
wondered why my limbs ached and i was shivering on the hottest day of the year so far. forgot my venlafaxine. that'll be withdrawal then!
rt username generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel ( hastag etanercept) for arthritis hastag ra hastag biologics hastag biosimilar hastag biosimilars hyperlink
rallying in passage to darwin lozenge townsville-earnings a removals society
8. i was never fat on cymbalta
cannot help but she spring water insomuch as the er lozenge an naturopathic maison de sante?
been complaining about quetiapine being too easy to get this week. i've run out and can't get a prescription til monday. irony. hastag longweekend
username the only pt of mine who ever died was one age 21 profound autism chronic underwt gi issues, given lots of cipro. terrible
hastag lamotrigine #10 at 1700utc, hastag levothyroxin at 1430utc
slept 11 hours last night on seroquel o.o
the orange candy in candy crush saga is a lozenge.
scienceindex.com the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of once-daily memantine (28 mg): a multinational,... hyperlink
rt username batman voice i need a lozenge.
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
quote of the week i'm tired, i'm hungry, i need some nicotine!!! hahaha made me laugh so much
nb: not psychotic ;) seroquel used off-label for ptsd. ctl’d many sympts, helped sleep. but side fx - weight gain - caused terrible pain.
fluoxetine (prozac) for my mental health. hyperlink
username thanks for the help from you and cnn with the saphris. it worked for a month and people stopped hating me for my schizophrenia
i need some abx. anyone got some laying around? i prefer levaquin, but will settle for anything except flagyl because i like beer.
i’m out of bed don’t feel so wiped out. slept ok, woke a few times but think taking hastag venlafaxine at night might work better for me hastag day13
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
buy cheap prozac
username username and tobi doesn't seem to put much of dent in pa. almost not worth the downside when using cipro
thought of work is overwhelming me so much i feel like crying but can't because olanzapine has me trapped in a zombie state hastag strugglewithin
nicotine and energy drinks are the only things keeping me awake at work right now.
bed now having 1st evr bloods done in morning since starting quetiapine in nov i had ask for this as was not told necessary by mh team !!
username it was mr.cipro lmao for test prep
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username a gentle reminder that all ssris aren't created equal. paroxetine associated w/ fetal heart defects while others appear safer
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
gin and paxil
username username username agree. ive had a lot o'luck w/ hastag copayassistance. hastag enbrel hastag humira hastag xeljanz hastag orencia hastag actemra. not rituxan '07.
username pooped out bc i did humira last night :)
i swear they only play the humira for crohn's disease when i'm watching a good movie. it didn't work for me, commercial! hastag roguecolon
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” happy banana yayay :)
someone give me adderall or vyvanse
username really massive word. trazodone hydrochloride? s/t like that. i am a literal teen idk what any of this means
for real everyone watch the joint pain prescription drug enbrel commercial. it's ridiculous the side affects and hazards.
username i take cymbalta, mainly for anxiety, my dr. talked about adding wellbutrin, but i worry about it aggravating the anxiety.
rt username hastag victoza (liraglutide)+ hastag metformin= &gt;5% hastag weight hastag loss for 22% of hastag women with hastag pcos (polycystic hastag ovary syndrome). hyperlink
username tetanus shots r good for 10 years. metal through rubber shoe- need a good cleaning, possibly cipro to prevent infection.
username i hope you have more luck than me but it doesn't honestly bother me too much. on humira to help it too :)
username i blame you 4 jiah's death. all she needed was a psychiatrist and a few pills pristiq to get over her major depression.
need to pee and take a vyvanse
username no legit sex on prozac has legit scarred me for life. fuck this shit for real runaway from them
username aww great, glad 2 hear hes doin so well! poor little dude has been thro a lot! yay 4 humira 2, hope that settles things 4 u! xx
username do ever miss the adderall, or do you love the vyvanse? or mixed feelings?
rt username username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
with all those fatal side effects its got to be good hastag xarelto
hastag prozac could unlock the ability to learn better/deeper/faster and recover from stroke etc. hastag eerocastren hastag neuroscience hastag tedxhelsinki
username whaaaat! that's crazy. i get my first humira shipment friday, now i wonder what that'll look like.
username thanks. i'm a lot better today. i made myself take hastag saphris last night when i went to bed.
username 3 meds :s that's rough. how old is she? i'm on depakine and lamictal
all right, brain, all right, i'll take my fucking paroxetine! i was just, you know, for a couple of days! jesus. hastag getyourhalflifeoffmylawn
70% of americans are on prescription drugs. if you find that number depressing, talk tou your doctor about cymbalta.
was gonna try trazodone ( my doc prescribed it to me awhile ago so i could sleep better) uhh... unamused face not with all those side effects
username username wow paxil sent me into a huge hypo manic mixed episode.
username my mom took my focalin what am i going to do tomorrow?! i got u with that vyvanse smiling face with sunglasses
vyvanse, commonly known as ocd in a pill.
so apparently i might have to switch to venlafaxine aka effexor. yay third line treatment. not.
if your job requires you to use stimulants, 1) get another job, 2) try quetiapine to help get off the stimulants.
username umm 6mp? nope just plain humira now
$eln all that was left was tysabri. tysabri one piece of biib portfolio. fall last yr agrmnt to restructure
username nope just prozac.
caught an enbrel ad.. oh, phil. always a bridesmaid, never a bride. hastag yougetwhatimean #2ndplacewinner
why is she so talkative, is she on paxil? username hahahahah
username i take seroquel in day wanna be my friend have to reply to me for me to notice it i get free long distance
username username username i thought she only took melatonin ti help her sleep. seroquel is for bipolar not imsomnia
not proud of it, but this is how i manage when 10mg diazepam or 25mg seroquel doesn’t do it for me. can’t deal with it - get faded.
username and i don't understand when you mean by seroquel?
omg, who the heck is this defense attorney on username and why doesn't someone give him a freaking lozenge already?!! hastag jodiarias
username i screamed out loud at the doctor's began singing a sorta fairytale. cc: username now they are trying to give me prozac.
username username difference is i'm a badboy non nicotine and non tobacco smoker hastag whatdoyouknowhuh hyperlink
i&lt;3 seroquel
stfu and take your paxil rt username faggot...!!! username so tired at work today i contemplated sitting down to pee nigga
username would it be a bad idea to take trazodone now?” omg yes
username that looks more like prozac worked
username depression it hurts cymbalta can help ^_^
username username i have insomnia too i take trazodone for it and it hardly works
username username closest we come is ask your doctor about effexor, today!
username it's viibryd. i can't afford it so i get samples from my psych and we had to bump my appt.
you know some has has just took their vyvanse when they favorite 10 or more vyvanse swag tweets in one sitting.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username effexor works for my anxiety... no oooo weeeee needed! lol ;)
username trapper may win by virtue of the sound byte / hashtag hastag chainsaw hastag lozenge hastag riccola hastag smackoff
username username (( do you need a lozenge for your throat? ))
username haha! docs dont know anything :p they put me on seroquel and that doesnt help anybody. but there's big dif between
i always plan on eating breakfast, and then i wake up take my vyvanse... hastag vyvanseproblems
username the number of people who have adhd in the u.s. has doubled since the year 2000.” bc of vyvanse prescriptions
username username username none...both of them need to take their damn prozac, crazy heifers acting like animals on heat..
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. be happy username
got a sore throat and cannot stand plasticky lozenge taste hastag randomfact
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username my secret!
getting stuff done today. i feel like i'm on vyvanse or something hastag motivated
depression hurts, but i don't know if cymbalta can help this time...
username also i just saw a humira commercial with a 35 year old mom baking, brushing teeth, and playing w/ kids - they're listening!
harde rt username :( username great cipro advertised my company for interested bidders.”
i have been on lorazepam / diazepam / quetiapine for the past few nights and i've noticed i am slightly drooling a bit. lovely.
rt username still lack of clarity on how to reverse the effect of rivaroxaban other new oral anticoagulants -ongoing concern for emergen…
all nighters and vyvanse is a terrible experience
you can't butter a prozac - haha, best conversation on effect of carbs on mood in winter on 702 at the moment
username // i twitch. less now that i'm off cell cept and on enbrel.
username username i'd put bachman on seroquel. she needs to be tranquilized. then add in some booze so her speech would slur.
username username bruce buffer needs a throat lozenge
username do you know anyone that will want seroquel?
these bitches going crazy , i think they need some prozac !!,lmao
just got px with drug allergy with ciprofloxacin levofloxacin hmm (•̪ - •̪)...
username i know that paxil or xanax doesn't grow from a seed. i also know that it hasn't killed anyone ever.
that nap was on point.... cymbalta did that shit cuz i dont take naps...ever
rt username canagliflozin new class diabetes drug beats sitagliptin for type 2 hastag dm in comparative trial : family practice news htt…
i need that trazodone
i miss my trazodone. this valerian root barely acts as any type of sleep aid or mild sedative. i need real drugs.
username remember when we would do cymbalta commercials and put in things like broken arm and stuff? haha
oh yeah tip don't even begin to let negligence put you into a week without benzos + effexor because wowee i was crying for help to myself
like how am i not cymbalta's new poster child?
rt username i don't know what's going on. i'm surrounded by preop pradaxa issues today. that stuff is pure evil i tell you. hastag noregional…
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
someone back me up to username about what a trauma when you have to dispense 20 lots of rifampicin and cipro for meningitis prophylaxis
username username yes def eat or the cipro will tear u up and feel better :-)
pradaxa manufacturer confirmed reports of 260 fatal bleeding cases worldwide that had occurred in a period of three years. 1.888.520.5202.
ah, the sunday night sleep...my worst enemy. do work trazodone hastag zzzzzzz
it is very early prop from ricola throat lozenge advertisements. username hastag antiquesroadshow username
i'm hoping i wake up to a nice little prozac surprise
thank you lord i do have another trazodone! good night.
username because its true. im just really depressed right now , i get sick when i get like this. i need some cymbalta.
im gonna name this voice in my head mr. prozac
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i have been put on fluoxetine and i heard it suppresses your appetite! give me all you have
my trazodone isn't working hah
username im not on heavy drugs im perscribed clonazepam seroquel to deal with idiots in life like urself hahahhahah nd i smoke weed
to remember olanzapine is a thienobenzodiazepine i've drawn a pine tree rubbing oil in its thigh. hyperlink
i wish we could just take as much seroquel as we wanted
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
username it's not a cure, but cepacol is a pretty potent lozenge. post nasal drip is usually the cause, so mucinex/nasal spray help.
username i'm sure she didn't mean to make everyone worry like this :( sorry. i know she took a mixture the main one was the quetiapine
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username $isis agree, results not consistent if 17% rate in p1. however, stated they compared directly kynamro other gen2 in healthies
username just on vyvanse and bored lol
paroxetine + clonazepam + levomepromazine = hastag goodnight
lexapro didn't do shit. maybe pristiq will.
wore sandals to work. boots with the furrrr after work. somebody give the weather some fluoxetine!
i haven't had a vyvanse in like 6 weeks hastag whoa
owww. i hurt my foot. am concerned. 1st warning on cipro is tendon damage. :-/ it certainly wasn't a rupture. i'm sure i'm just paranoid.
username username that was me with remicade!! it's terrible. i'm still a newbie to the medicine switching. humira for 2.5 yrs!
i actually really like this vyvanse
at least for now... anyways, i popped a seroquel... forewarning cuz that could end up being a complete shit storm
cipro come on plz.
i'm horse tranquilizer, y'all just paxil
purchase some of our feature products such as prozac (fluoxetine hydrochloride) and provigil (modalert, modafinil). hastag medsindia hastag cheap
rt username humira, the sub-cute-tiny-ass injection. hastag arthrtispuns
username no way wow does that work w/ cymbalta
14.11 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. still waiting for doctor to phone me around lunchtime. taken more paracetamol to dull the aches.
i heart username i suck your dick for a boniva hastag sickandtired
username lmao, i'm prescribed baby. it's for my anxiety. i take seroquel, and celexa with it. i'm a fucking zombie after 9pm.
depression hurts, but cymbalta can help
i need to grow up. and i need my paroxetine. and i need to go order prints what is my problem (money. money is my problem)
username fluox a friend 4 years, but switch to cymbalta 4 anti-depress/pain control. i ocd worry. can't stop running mind
if i stopped second guessing and doubting i would find i do know this stuff. hastag ptcb hastag studying hastag beautifuloutside hastag adderall hastag vyvanse
i feel like i'm definitely reaching the end of my medication. these tysabri infusions don't last long at all. so much for 28 days
denosumab solves puzzler apropos of chine losses in favor mankind not to mention prostate nevus: .nat
username it's all training injuries. 3 of them. and prozac withdrawal.
no, not always username username do you always get side-effects with fluoxetine?
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
username i sure wish my doctor had told me cipro could disable me for life! there was never any mention of that. now i'm crippled.
username no. remicade didnt do nothing to me. didnt work. humira was nxt on list. humira only partially works. so combo it with 2nd drug
effexor xr is evil. hastag spreadtheword
since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie component to dla.
username insert bilat npas. gets the message across. my gf is currently enjoying the effects of trazodone. i'm jealous she's sleeping!
username i think he's practicing with a lozenge in his mouth... to ease the fans into this transition.
a whole lotta trazodone
if i run out of prozac i'ma be pissed man ughhh
username i use the enbrel pen and love it, but only because i don't think i would do well seeing the needle. :) still hurts, though, ha.
rt username username i love surgery” and heroin and cocaine and olanzapine and podofilox
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
my retake is next friday, if i bloody fail again then my doc is going to need to up my fluoxetine and amitriptyline dosages again! :l
omg ok foreal seroquel is kicked in bye
dept of trade industry shud do something about cipc, the change over process of its system is total fail njeh ! cipro worked better then.
rt username another trial flop for astrazeneca as onglyza fails cardio study. (bristol... see conversation by john carroll at http…
username - 622 men have died from viagra. 6,000 from paxil. etc, etc. you don't hastag stand4life you stand on lies.  hastag txlege hastag sb9 hastag swtw
*goes up to emo kid* depression hurts...cymbalta can help
on expectorant and ciprofloxacin. wish me get better to join 10k hastag halofitrun this sun, 9-jun
on a low. may 8th marks 3mths of unemployment, hoping when the fluoxetine kicks in my moods will stabilise. hastag herestohoping
username ill take some prozac some percs some morphine and ummm why the fuck not, throw some promethazine in the bag
username some days the lamictal is worse than seizures.
in my hood niggas try to smoke ya just like nicotine.
username username username + an european tour we need to do this
username lol craze has amphetamines, which is the same components of adderall or vyvanse lol that's y it works
username username i used it with enbrel and am in remission now. now my mission is to try to help others the best that i can.
you know what might make you feel better? - a hug? *stretches out arms* paxil. want me to get you a prescription? - uuuuugh
username juxtapid cert takes 20-40 min, i am curious how many docs/pts will respond when l enzymes start to climb, i think high discont rate
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
oops, thought i had plenty of pristiq left, realised i actually only have 2 days worth left. luckily i can go to the pharmacy tomorrow!
username username in my humble opinion the only reason for prescribing olanzapine is sedation.
username been on humira for crohn's for 2 years now. still get nervous when injecting sometimes. i hope it helps you combat the disease
username username haha! crazy. stelara is almost done in trials. and there's a next generation tysabri just for ibd that's new.
this is definitely the most trying thing since i started my hastag lamotrigine. it is very difficult, but i'm staying afloat. keep it up, self.
hastag novo hastag merck up later this aftrn. let's see what they have to say for themselves hastag victoza hastag januvia
username that's not good :/ i really hope the fluoxetine works out for you :)
grandpa thinks batman could use a throat lozenge. lol gramps. lol.
username how long have you been on tysabri, if you don't mind my asking?
username ...(lithium) and an antipsychotic called quetiapine that slows my mind down. others do take antidepressants, or anti-epileptics.
nigga + paxil = nigga please .....
popped a trazodone, i'm sleepin! sleeping face
some fantastic talks at this years hastag primo17. lots of new work on impacts of fluoxetine in the aquatic environment hastag prozac hastag antidepressants
whoever left their mic on backstage needs a lozenge and some honey tea. hastag e3
go mario! :) rt username 1 week strong nicotine free...
songs open with shout outs to paxil in between choked sobs. thirty full minutes of silence where no one could muster the effort to talk.
xarelto is a hell of a drug
it's been 2 days now on nicotine lozenge # it's hard but must keep up the good work.
i gave up giving up. fluoxetine, welcome to my brain! dont. fuck. this. up. okay? okay.
shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots (of humira) hastag crohnsproblems
trazodone pills for 5 .
hastag quetiapine is kicking in :)
put myself back on lamotrigine
some people need to lower their prozac dose! this rainbow lollipop talk makes me wanna vomit a little... username ...
disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
know what's the best pill in the world? y'all are prob expecting some cliché tweet abt vyvanse.. no, prilosec otc dude. cya neva heartburn
fatal events? nice euphemism humira. hastag we renotstupid
username the new where's tom petty from (i was looking for pristiq) - hyperlink
me and kathleen are talking are asses off cuz of vyvanse and j is passed out but i know he probably hears us a little and has to be annoyed
sdds fluoxetin
some people relax with spa.. for me just nicotine and caffeine
how on earth have i sunburnt a lozenge shape on to my thigh? not allowed out in the summer. now that's three seasons i'm excluded from.
username it happened in season 1 during the search for the lozenge wrapper. masuka is freaking out about rats and doakes is annoyed.
username i can't take trazodone anymore cause i'm up with the baby every few hours. right now i'm mostly concerned with my stress level
i don't know if it's spring or my paroxetine not being as effective as i've used to, but i can't stop thinking about sex.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
this is a good night to run out of my trazodone rx.
username i have multiple health issues and disorders: lamictal,lisinopril,strattera,buspar,risperdol,trazadone,corig,cogenton,klonopin
no nicotine, no caffeine, and no dinner apparently either. my family hates me.
username username it's okay :/ depression hurts, cymbalta can help *cries softly*
username i like the idea of a baby lozenge, its like the size of a bb
username no fluoxetine! sometimes it's ok as inside they're all the same manufacturer but nope.. all different! i hate split packs too.
rt username the dude bob on the username xarelto commercial is creepy. his whole driving in the truck, not today thing weirds me out.
tearful this morning. desperately poor nights sleep. utterly fucked up by withdrawing so quickly from lamotrigine
rt username generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis: a blockbuster drug made by amgen is no more effect... http:/…
if i still don’t respond to it, they’ll switch me to humira - adalimumab.
any other hastag thyroid hastag spoonies who've been prescribed trazodone (generic) for sleep? has it helped at all?
el cafe americano de sweet coffee tiene prozac
rt username my life can be divided into pre-seroquel and post-seroquel epochs
username also quick query - do you know if fluoxetine + mersyndol is ok to mix?
username i have seroquel and prozac *whispers* and pretty pink moscato
you got any paxil's on you? i might need some with zach driving - bruce
username username i didn't stay long. and i took a vyvanse so i can't go back to sleep. lol
lyrically i'm dope enough to assfuck the dude that made nicotine
just wondering why doctors prescribe dangerous, addictive medications without any warning to patients. paxil, for instance.
i have to wake up every morning at 7:30am and take my effexor.
mighty mouse had a subscription to vyvanse.
nicotine, caffeine and alcohol can only be my friend when loneliness
username olanzapine carries a warning that the drug can cause death among elderly people who have psychosis due to memory loss and confusion.
do not ever get on cymbalta. getting off of it is hell!
in ciprofloxacin i trust
do you feel like kayvon is risking relationships with customers? is humira right to refund customers? username hastag bethebosscanada
trazodone does the magic baby
username fluoxetine (prozac), is the only medication approved by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) for treating bulimia
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i feel for you, i had the sane experience of disturbed sleep bad dreams on venlafaxine xx
give me seroquel and looots of it
06.07 on top of everything else, i'm getting a summer cold, sneezing and blocked but runny nose. some medications interact with rivaroxaban.
username i on 2 steroid types at mo. 4wks of metronidazole. drug called thioguanine awaiting humira to be added to combo lol hastag druggie
welp my psychiatrist prescribed me fluoxetine.
username ah nicotine lozenges got me off smoking. it broke the cig in hand habit, that's the worst part i found.
rt username the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hastag rh…
username what's cymbalta?
username norovirus persistent carriage -&gt; gave mice cipro -&gt; norovirus was lost, assumes bacterium is involved
rt username username keyword: traces. the nicotine patch, gum, and lozenge all have traces of contaminants.
username ah, ok. i’ve been lucky as far a side effects. i’ve hardly gotten any at all. the med i’m on now, effexor, has been the worst.
username my favorite book in the world w/ my 2 life saving pills prozac and birth control. thanks username hyperlink
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username taking the maximum dosage of paxil.
has any of you lost your hair from tysabri ? have you been feeling nausea ?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
rt username my breakfast consists of vyvanse, coffee, and more vyvanse.
so this is a hastag crohnie tweet...so i'm starting semzia (i know i'm spelling it wrong) tomorrow does it work? humira didn't work for me
username username the trazodone must've got him.haha pill zzz
username maybe he's sucking a lozenge?
rt username username username only olanzapine can fix us... pray with us... the empress may yet hear our pitiful supplications!
my halls cough drop wrapper said show us your battle cry. poor, misguided encouragement or genius tactic to boost lozenge sales?
needy mode... effexor come to me!!!!
just took 2 500 mg divalproex sod er 1 olanzapine 15 mg tablet. hastag fuckthecityofaustin [especially the st. david's er room. i told y'all]
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i remember that quetiapine feeling well x
it's raining. i ran for the bus when i didn't need to. my gp letter isn't right. sweating like a pig thanks to quetiapine. brighton bound!
corrected : $bmy orencia similar to humira in ra lower discont rate eular13 texting on iphone sucks!!!!!!
username oh my goodness! lori, this is unreal! i am so sorry you are suffering. *hugs* have they tried cipro?
username i know when tori take a vyvanse cause she tweets nonstop” that's what i do hahaha fuck
in need of a dream interpreter.. hastag quetiapine is really having an affect on my night visions.. some fucked up scenarios in my sleep lol :-/
cant sleep... and i even took a trazodone....
username what do you take? i was on fluoxetine.
username well there are the biologics out there for example hastag remiccade or hastag humira which i'm on
rt username ciprofloxacin 500mg. i love thee x
i know he's meant to be hiding his identity but christian bales batman just sounds like he needs a lozenge
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
wine and (non generic) seroquel are going to get me through the hell of next week :)
username almost a year. it's cymbalta. it's suppose to help with my pain from my nerve damage, &amp;&amp; my depression.
i swear food has nicotine in it, cause im addicted to that shit.
username oh no way to that. paxil has been the only med that has worked for me so far
goodnight all, queen hastag quetiapine is in residence, and she ain't takin no for an answer!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username good luck! have you tried it before? does it work 4 u? i just had 2nd dose of humira, and hurting so bad i can't stand it :-(
my mom called to tell me that my prozac is here and that she also got me a bag of starbursts.. is that supposed to balance it out? lol.
atypicals-olanzapone/quetiapine-acute mania adjunct with litihium/val!se- sedation,weight gain,athikinesia,)anticholinergic-constipation
my motto depression hurts cymbalta works love fades advil's there :d
username i was on both the cymbalta prozac teams when i worked for lilly. i'm pretty sure i've taken so much prozac i own the patent.
username i understand. and there's always the quetiapine excuse too. it's a real side-effect, but i also use it to soothe my guilt.
the only thing getting me through summer school is my vyvanse
this vyvanse has me wanting to write essays and shit hahaha.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” interesting.
$eln had no influence on tysabri and market changing and only one part of biib portfolio so $eln wanted to diversify
time negrita sunrise con prozac.
drove to hospital for hastag tysabri in blue. left early (london traffic), only took 20 mins! blue badge space next to entrance. hastag winning hastag fuckms
username you take vyvanse? i was on that stuff for like 5 years. 70mg. but a few months ago i switched to adderall 30mg
username olanzapine actually makes you put on weight, even when you aren't eating that much
username citalopram and quetiapine, not really withdrawal but my dose has been halved and i haven't got used to it yet:(
whyyyyy so painful hastag humira syringe
please provide a sample complaint regarding pradaxa, i asked the lawyer. could you do a modern doghouse, the architect heard.
username i'm not so sure about that haha. a lozenge?
rt username humira+ metho 5mg&lt; humira + metho 10 = humira + metho 20. hastag eular2013
t.o just took one of my vyvanse, game over
username i recently stopped taking effexor 225 what can i do to ease my withdrawls?i feel miserable right now and very angry.please any ideas
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
rt username re: brisdelle (ie, low dose paxil - an antidepressant) approved for hot flashes. women need more love, less drugs: hyperlink
rt username another trial flop for astrazeneca as onglyza fails cardio study. (bristol loses too). $1b dreams go poof. hyperlink
username why you may ask? so he can look better to counterbalance the medicine known as quetiapine which is a tranquilizer.
anyone on cymbalta it is making me like a zombie and still hating the world.
i don't believe you can become addicted to nicotine either but that's just me.
ya i'm home from the doc's office i'm now on *drum rolls* fluoxetine. mmm ok. should help me to relax w/ other getting drunk.
s/o to my cipro connec-connec'... username ...ke lerato askere mami!!
username i hope it works, he paired it with lamictal, so idk...
username hi folks! do you offer compassionate care programs for people in canada taking olanzapine?
because im 17, compose my own beats. lyrically im dope enough to assfuck the dude who made nicotine
its been so long that if i took one of my vyvanse right now id be up for two days
username nope. paxil, lamictal, and adderall..
username try boniva hyperlink
vyvanse is the only thing getting me thru this summer class. reading full books in a day hastag thankgod hastag sofocused hastag sorelaxed
username hi on channel 4 they're taking a little about victoza isn't that what you're using.?
rt username new in hastag stroke: dabigatran benefits in hastag afib stroke prevention consistent across both asian and non-asian patients...
rt username sulfasalazine+hydroxychloroquine+methotrexate, noninferior to etanercept+mtx in patients with ra with active disease http:/…
melatonin in lozenge form is really dangerous for an oral fixation person like myself
username username ever heard of nms with venlafaxine
username is methodology similar to the einstein trials for rivaroxaban? even if results are good they are arriving way too late.
username the abilify and lamictal i'm just quitting.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
it's funny how you smoke niggas then you start coffins all my people need throat lozenge my fear is dead ambition drove the hearse musical notes
internet usage, particularly insta, tweer and facecrack are all very similar to nicotine. you crave and get addicted, quickfix, repeat...
username i think paxil tends to work better for males username username
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
i'm not even taking my vyvanse tomorrow oh gahd
username i mean he does have joint pain. humira (r)
i think i love vyvanse hastag newboyfriend
rt username 17.01 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. doctor has phoned. seeing a heart specialist dr on wednesday. have to continue taking tablets …
username you can get humira thru the medicine company for free. think its by abbott. i did a few yrs ago when i lost my health insurance.
a lozenge would be real freakin nice right now hastag ughhhh
had 2 quit job: tendons in lots of pain, almost ruptured, hands barely usable now. damned cipro.
username what is humira? hastag spooniechat
on vyvanse and my power goes out. my all nighter of playing videogames has been cancelled. what a travesty
prozac. maybe this will help
i've got vyvanse for anyone in summer summer school
brer fox, please don't throw me into the nicotine patch! hastag fairytaleconfusion
its cool i'll try ciprolex n fluoxitine :) rt username fluoxitine rt username gambu username anyone know of a good antidepressant?
username then tysabri got approval + i was person 13 to go on it in west of scotland ! changed my life around - gave me it back xx
username lol i'm gona need some cymbalta next year...
bouta go take my seroquel and pass outttttttty sleeping face
username i usually take an ir quetiapine at night. didn't tonight. that's part of the issue.
username username nicotine , rocket fluid , bitch get it tf together ,”dont forgot cat piss yummm”&amp;dog poop
username i take baclofen can't sleep! want to sleep! help!
nyaz can hurt cymbalta can help
rt username [clinical trials] abbvie study assesses role of predefined doses of methotrexate when used with humira hyperlink
username same with me dolly hastag ra hastag humira
02.20 day 19 rivaroxaban diary woken up with pains in head, neck, back, hip and legs. seeing doc in 7 hours. no way am i continuin with rvxn
dj paul vs dione – here comes the prozac
does anyone happen to know if lamictal causes you to feel hot? username username hastag cantstopsweating
thank god i finally picked up my effexor. maybe i'll stop being *a psycho bitch**  *even more of **than usual
username lozenge shaped arrowheads. can’t wait to go see that. and get in the giftshop. hastag fullchainmailoutfitplease
get some abreva and rub it on your cock b4 u use it next. or take some avelox.
i get such a nicotine buzz when i smoke and don't drink, you know it's a rare occasion but the feeling is gooood
gotta wake up ... studio in a few hours. don't wanna sound like a frog in the booth. jesus be a throat lozenge ...
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. get me some bananas!! lol
brisdelle dangerous. paxil is supposed to treat depression and suicidal thoughts. i took paxil and got depressed. went off ok in 2 wk.
did u know psychotropic drugs such as seroquel and haldol are considered chemical restraints?!
great cipro advertised my company for interested bidders.
username get pristiq and vyvanse. the combination is amazing
i had 2 this morning. rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i take it back. you need coffee and prozac.
hastag seroquel victory hand zzz zzz zzz face savoring food
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
only been on paxil 20mg for 10 days and takes 3-4 weeks to properly kick in.. best ssri i have tried so far. i think its worth a shot!
vyvanse and coffee.. i just beat the shit out of that act.
username i'm ok. still no energy. that reminds me it's d day. starting humira this weekend. anything new?
there's nice cool breeze coming into the dispensary, somewhere between the olanzapine and the xanax.
out of pills, feeling like a train wreck hastag tweaking hastag effexor
username username username i filled some olanzapine today. made me think of dad hastag antipsychotics hastag pharmschoolproblems
username goodmorning world!! it's gonna be a good day of class. *pops vyvanse*” you too?
username only if i can blame lamictal, prozac and klonopin for all of my tweets.
rt username it'd be really fucking awesome if humira's nurses would stop calling me every other day like some crazed stalker.
i hate forgetting to take my cymbalta. it makes you feel sooooooo weird.
username username pop a vyvanse i'm focused
vyvanse evidently doesn't care about my bed time
do you know what medications are r for mania? currently hastag fda approved: hastag olanzapine aka hastag zyprexa
doctors has changed my meds...let's hope i don't get any of the nasty side effects. hastag fluoxetine
cant get over the fact that cage was one of the 18 people to test fluoxetine
hastag lodise the role of the hastag ciprofloxacin and hastag rifampicin in the management of ortho non-mrsa infections hastag eccmid2013 hyperlink
do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combo of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
the key to ultimate success and unlimited money is to develop a sore throat lozenge that actually works hastag fastreliefmyass
username username username *coughs ridiculously over the tl*” you want some lozenge” no i'm cool *coughs*” okay ooh
depression hurts. cymbalta can help. omg i need to get out more.
dr. reddy’s introduces lamotrigine extended-release tablets in u.s. lamotrigine is anticonvulsant drug.
just water+nicotine~
username oh that's awesome!!! and username you see? let's try!
one day they'll get smart and invent a coffee creamer with paxil.
there are many things that go together, but summer colds and hastag humira aren't one of them. hastag spoonieprobs
that's wtf i need rt@ayeee marie: depression can hurt. cymbalta can help rt username depressed? cymbalta can help...
username big day in the lozenge household
i'm not prozac... im not a possession... or a thing... that delivers happiness.. i'm a person... and you need to learn that..
username username think i wont be try that whole combination!! didnt see the fact bit, just the keppra and vimpat!
rt username hastag portola announces factor xa inhibitor hastag prt4445 reverses anticoagulant activity of hastag eliquis at hastag isth3013 hyperlink
username off venlafaxine which was pure hell for me, i can't switch these meds anymore, tired of feeling like shit all day.
i need prozac
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
do u know what meds are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved hastag quetiapine aka hastag seroquel
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username before lamictal, i was writing ~2k an hour. post lamictal, i was lucky for 200 and still seized after just a few sentences.
so, who do i know on cymbalta?
username paxil in pudding. down the hatch! hyperlink
username i re-uped on some seroquel if that'll help, gee. remember: not all that you hear in your head....is real
tysabri market is 250-300k patients ww. $eln. believe generic threat is close to zero
800mg caffeine. 50mg trazodone. 25mg phenergan. wonder what this will do?
hanging with a buddy of mine and he says i need to cut back my nicotine intake because i'm manic depressive. does that affect it?
manifesting sting: is zoning laws upon simpatico unflattering lozenge quasi?: .sbb
depression hurts. cymbalta can help. i hate you so much right now username
username true. glad i read it. i had my prozac back then. winter may be coming. will anyone be left to get cold?
nicotine, valium, vicodin, marijuana, ecstasy and alcohol. ccccocaine!!!!!
consistent with this, cytotoxic lamotrigine effects were seen only in the small subset of brain metastases
however, the results are impressive: 2.1% event rate for intervention arm vs 3.0% in control. i.e fewer events with rivaroxaban. hastag jc ste
username ambien is a sleeping pill. i take ambien cr and also seroquel for sleep. they work.
username what i know enbrel coming from pfizer not amgen !!
cymbalta will help with youre depressed ass.
fluoxetine does sweet fuck all
blind taste test on hell's kitchen oh hell yes the largest group of chain smokers on tv trying to guess food on nicotine-tainted tongues.
forgetting to take meds then having a day feeling like absolute shit. fluoxetine u r shit
username username is it safe to use semtex with the bipolar medication quetiapine? xx” recommend speaking with gp babes x” morgan!!
i like the tweets that resemble the side effects off a cymbalta commercial.
username they increased my celexa. took me off seroquel because it was screwing with my memory. i go back in two weeks to see how its goin
quantize links betwixt object and/lozenge conceded single up to balloon equal to programs from the client
username i see what you did, there....and i love it. (though paxil didn't do well for me.) :p
but end my experiment with lamictal/lamotrigine. i only took 25mg tablets for 9 days total...so should be okay to let it leave my body.
username really, even tysabri? what kind of symptoms or events are you experiencing even while on tysabri? (if you dont mind me asking)
i'm taking a small dosage of risperidone and fluoxetine every night..i'm really scared it's gonna make me fat? help!?
two effexor a day.
rt username trajenta registered (linagliptin): new data on safety and efficacy in type 2 diabetes patients with renal impairment hyperlink
username username somac! coversyl ; atacand; ! brilinta; for a few
lamotrigine, though significantly elevated in most brain metastases relative to surrounding brain
username username username black boxed warning. i believe this was a drug company bribe to open up the market for geodon
rt username 'im on 10mg of fluoxetine things are pretty bad' either your phsyciatrist is an idiot or theyre not, honestly the thing…
sometime i am just one giant walking nicotine pang
days like this make me question why i ever stopped taking paxil.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i'm type 3 bi-polar. i take lithium, paxil, trazodone and haldol. my dr. mentioned possible weight gain. so i drink water and walk. solved.
trazodone promethazine. i think i might actually get some sleep tonight.
username thanks, muffin! still adjusting to trazodone, doc advised i might be nuttier than usual for the initial weeks. apparently!
hastag cmsc2013: ptm is an important tool to allow patients to deliver a bolus of extra baclofen for pain/spasticity hastag msresearch
username username lol... blow, heroin, zoloft , trazodone, adderall, nexium dilaudid ... shes a walking pharmacy” that's my girl.
username i hv a tv show idea which company do i register my rights with? cipro etc username
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
username of course i still have flare-ups; however, i'd say that enbrel prednisone are really helping.
username so i guess trazodone, or other psychiatric drugs are not as common either....
this bitch needs cymbalta
i exited out of my brother's bloons game and now he has fallen into a deep pit of depression. i hope mom doesn't make me pay for his prozac
the humira commercial scares me. that does not look moderate to severe
username username i couldn't take lamictal 1 week into it i got the rash.a rush trip to the er.6 months till rash was gone.
all that we were is wrapped in a shroud of fluoxetine memories
username lets see there was the vyvanse which is what i'm on now anti anxiety stuff like four anti migraine things and than my mom
thank god it is finally get cooler in london. i have been melting all day! i wonder if my medication reduces my tolerance to heat? hastag seroquel
username gonna go take a shower, hopefully i fall somehow drown cymbalta can help.
it's kind of hilarious talking to username when she's had a quetiapine.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username i keep telling myself 8 am, but i think the trazodone fucks it up. :( it knocks me right out and won't let me wake up.
username lmao damn girl, i said take some, now you have to take some cymbalta to even it out lol
username to be honest i've had worse. on fluoxetine i was convinced there was a plot to steal my thoughts... !
henpeck the nicotine addiction respecting investing beyond thereby defame pressman crow cartridges
vyvanse in my cereal cause why not.
my life is like a cymbalta commercial! - sarah short everybody hastag lunch
just found a bunch of lists i made from when i was on vyvanse sophomore year.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.@kb bnn
study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of ciprofloxacin (inhaled) in patients with cystic fibrosis hyperlink
gots to force myself to see the psychitrist. may have 1 effexor refill. got plenty buspar left. may need back on depakote but bad on liver
hastag atencion ◆ username ◆ informa disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza hastag farmasol20 username username username
gonna watch the sunrise.. vyvanse got me up. i have only slept about 2 hours in the past 48 hours. 150mg got me fucked up
yes i fucking tried paxil even though i've never been truly depressed a single goddamn day in my life post hrt
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username username yes, you need something much stronger, effexor?
only two injections today! hastag humira hastag crohnsdisease hyperlink
i love coffee because it's cheaper than prozac. hahahaha hastag justkiddin
username i'll bet those are the meds i'm about to try but i only know the brand names. tysabri and cimzia.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. goodybag ways#
i get the horse pills. that's cool. but a little tiny fluoxetine 20mg? i admit i could be being insensitive. hyperlink
amgn-$97.21-fda expanded the approved use of xgeva (denosumab) to treat adults and some adolescents with giant cell tumor of the bone (gctb)
goodnight all, quetiapine, temazepam, epilim, tegretol co-codomol are all meeting in my head. wish me luck! ;-)
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username yes dear,now take ur prozac and call for knaidels
days full of studying make me want a hand full of vyvanse.
lady asked what's difference between venlafaxine tabs m/r tabs. told her it's a lot of happiness in one go or a little throughout the day.
do you know what meds are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combination of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
username username i'm on quetiapine so can't make early mornings. oncology give me midday. why can't atos and my psychiatrist? xx
username i have a friend on that with lupus and she is doing well. everybody is different though. maybe you shud try enbrel.
word -----&gt;&gt; rt username hastag ms hastag tysabri hastag fight hastag bestrong
username i put it in my backpack when geoden wasn't looking
why am i always still up this late?? days go by much smoother with some good sleep...well hastag klonopin and trazodone with a hastag doobie might help
username username had terrible time mtx. after 4 months i was done w/ it. tried hastag enbrel 2 months into it end up er.now i'll try orencia
username at the end of most working days! i still have to nap loads just to get through a week. some days better than others hastag enbrel
cold turker cymbalta wasn't very civil, either.
username i have 30mg vyvanse, can spare four i think - text me
username lamictal and trileptal and seroquel...of course the seroquel i take in severe situations because gaining weight is never cool
username because i realized vyvanse after a certain time of taking it increased my anxiety and made me more irrational.
username elderly, diabetic on olanzapine= raging bm's, mood swings and weight gain...cons may outweigh the pros..
username that's disturbing considering they are the refurbished version of cipro
so cymbalta used to be an antidepressant, now it's an arthritis medicine. so it's the same medicine that does a completely different thing?
username that didnt rhyme??? what the fuck are you talking about? go take another seroquel
username i have :'( trazodone is a prescription sedative that knocks out almost every1 with 1 pill. i take 3 and still see the sunrise sos
arse. late with hastag quetiapine again. hastag hopeless
rt username vyvanse makes me think too much persevering face
hastag humira your commercial is horrible. no family makes forts that big. that fort is bigger than my living room. bull crap
username trazodone is good af. if u can't drink enough to pass out. username
username but i pop 'em with seroquel like glue, i am stuck ok i'm done now haha
rivaroxaban diary 2/2 ..but not hungry. has to be taken with food. only had 1 hot drink and 1 slice of bread so far today
late night nicotine cravings hastag lolwut
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
debating on taking seroquel tonight or not...
when the doctor says to start taking your medication again. hello ~lexapro, topamax, trazodone
speak english nigga rt username ignorantslvve oh my cymbalta
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i see, i'm not sure what they all are tbh. i'm on quetiapine, citalopram, ameprozole and melatonin:(
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” need bananas
username oxcarbazepine, lamotrigine midazolam to control the different types, atonic, tonic clonic (rarely), focal aura types :(
day two on venlafaxine for my major depression.
username think just hastag lithium for hastag monotherapy hastag lamotrigine 4 hastag rapidcycling - hastag atypicalantipsychotics now revealing serious hastag sideeffects
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username i told you ha
rt username great cipro advertised my company for interested bidders.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” someone get me a banana banana
rt username cipro is poison and big pharma knows it
had hastag basf kept adalimumab (humira) the dax would be vclose to 10000 now, not 8000. unless they would have capped the basf weight.
my dad keeps saying he's need prozac for his add.... i have reminded him 4 times that he means adderall and he just can't seem to grasp it.
cannot wait for my scope monday.. no im not weird.. just it hopefully give me go ahead to go back to humira feeling a bit better!
does anyone know much regarding pentuple drug therapy for bpad? meds: respiradone, quetiapine, lamotragine, lithium and sodium valproate?
come on seroquel. knock me out. let me sleep.
username if i could, i'd be in there with ya! if he mentions humira to me, i am just goin to cry. :/ xx
whenever i see the ad for the drug humira, i imagine some white girl pronouncing username name like that.
oh. i thought the cymbalta commercial was a joke honestly...
serious lack of nicotine in my system
peppermint in lozenge form has imho helped me to lessen colds.
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
username i am on divalproex, vimpat, for chronic pain to get it calmed down on lyrica (but the lyrica is being upped every 2 weeks)
nigga i just fed jenelle evans a shit ton of seroquel and vics, get username me
username ya i refuse cipro. i do bactrum if i need an antibiotic
rt username antibiotic levels in nature: ciprofloxacin concentration in hospital sewage (2 - 14 ng/ml); municipal sewage (0.1 - 0.3 ng/ml)
upped my effexor dosage 5 days ago. sleep cycle and quality went to shit 4 days ago. i sense a correlation here...
username username hip fx antifx efficacy: alend, risend, zol, e, denosumab hastag eular2013
well, lamotrigine's sorted. although my gp won't increase my citalopram till i get permission from the pysch :c
anyone have a vyvanse or adderal i can buy? need one! or a few
my mood swings are getting worse and lamotrigine isn't helping at all.…
username seroquel was an option for me but i said no because of the side effects. i don't handle them well at all. the ambien is helping
username sorry fab, i can offer some fluoxetine (prozac), if that is any help?
the xarelto commercial could be a drinking game. every time he says bleeding, take a drink. we'd all be passed out in 2 minutes.
gonna ask to return to lexapro bc cymbalta not workin, also bc busking profits plummeted when i could no longer play crotch like steel drum
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
shay need seroquel. highest dose.
i'm a good friend because i will not only help you clean and pack to get ready to move, but i will also give you some of my vyvanse.
the times i can't complain, are the times i do the most. on a diet of black coffee and prozac buttered toast.
username i've taken citalopram before. how long have you been taking it? i think a gp unlikely to prescribe quetiapine.

many creative individuals found in the careers of singing, painting, etc. are prescribed mood-control medications like zyprexa.
for causal inference, the vra debate raises question of effect under treatment (prozac) vs effect after treatment (cipro).
username and how does it help? if they r addicted to nicotine (sp?)
username girl. u kill me. y u just have cipro lying around? lol it's ok definitely not first line. and most bronchitis is viral.
username prescription, i have zoplicone, nice and gentle but work. i have zometa to keep the bones strong and control the tumours
man vyvanse gets me thru days. need to be prescribed to this shit.
username nope, let's try this. shall we open the pages? page 10 duffy sold me that seroquel and xanax hyperlink
hastag quetiapine is not doing it's job tonight. not even slightly drowsy.
the seroquel the doc gave me, makes doing things difficult. . . but if i don't do something, i'll fall asleep. the catch-22 of crazy.
shehabi delirium summary-&gt; complex pathphys no gold stnd assessmnt rx underlying cause quetiapine dexmed may be top pharm options hastag sin icn
taking 4 times the amount of seroquel than i'm prescribed, smoking a big fat j, and sleeping for 15 hours... happy fucking friday!! :) :/ :(
i am every person in a cymbalta ad today!
hastag sideeffects username username cymbalta can help rt username depression hurts hastag lies”
baclofen really is for recovering alcoholics.
i feel like a mini-adult. i have an adult like lifestyle minus the 401k, mortgage, and prozac.
username u should get on geodon it rox
username i can’t have triptans, so, caffeine and tylenol and a long nap if possible. (namenda and neurontin are my daily prophylactics.)
my mom has had me on trazodone for 3 nights now and the side effects are fucking weird...
rt username username username his parents are dead, and he's given gotham everything.” patient: bruce wayne. 1 sativa lozenge.…
username no the last time i took seroquel with 3 benadryls and xanex. i might have taken more tho sleepwalking... hastag slepttho
fed medicare sets med cost rates: fact. cipro for fish cipro for humans, same pills mfg, 60 ct 500mg $29.99 vs $499.00. see the problem.
username fentanyl patch, oxycodone baclofen hastag endometriosis
depression hurts cymbalta can help lololol
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” i should eat more!
username i've been on metoprolol for well over ten years. the stuff is a wonder drug but you absolutely must stay on top of it.
username definitely combos. right now i'm on lamictal, abilify (samples on that one, too) and viibryd.
rt username my breakfast of choice is a cup of starbucks coffee with a side of 70mg vyvanse.
username i hope u have a succsefull 3 innings 2day im lookin forward for ur return i cant wait hastag hugearodfan hastag crohns hastag humira
username hastag unpopularopinion cymbalta doesn't help” i love you
rt username hastag portola announces factor xa inhibitor hastag prt4445 reverses anticoagulant activity of hastag eliquis at hastag isth3013 hyperlink
username lamictal. 2 years now, 'tis good. sleep deprivation sets me off! was on epilim, years ago. think it's banned now. christ. scary...
i've had a lovely, relaxing day, but end it weighed down by nonspecific foreboding and crushing sense of guilt hastag depression hastag venlafaxine
username انتي بايوتك clarithromycin , levofloxacin , omeprazol
username oh :( hoping it is great bedwise! *hugs* im falling asleepp cos i took olanzapine so vanishing now, sorry
username puts a lozenge in my mouth and feeds it to you by kissing you
prozac + birth control + kush = no no
seroquel bcuz sleep
trazodone is no joke. slept through every alarm.
i'm loosing so much blood right now. humira is some scurry ish.
username username hastag zimmerman was removed from vyvanse for mood swings before he was put on adderall see med report: hyperlink
username username me i take pretty strong doses of: fluoxetine, lithium, and seroquel
username pt with similar found out trazodone can do the same. md said it was common. trazodone gives you a bone. he is a poet.
what's the next holiday? memorial day, yeah. your getting paxil for memorial day.
yep getting ambien starting next week. maybe i'll get a prescription for vyvanse thrown in to.
out of the house by 8 am on a non-work day.  hastag antidepressants hastag testify hastag pristiq
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help lol
username what's are you're thoughts on venlafaxine ?
username 600mg quetiapine and 45mg mirtazipine
rt username username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
username cymbalta can help rt username depression hurts hastag lies
well it looks like i won't have to retake that interim class. hastag vyvanse
i'll go untreated for 8 weeks! that is extremely scary, if i wasn't on effexor and ativan i would be having panic attacks..thank god no pain
today the fda approved paroxetine (brisdelle), an ssri, to treat moderate to severe hot flashes associated with menopause. thank the lord!!!
username i am on only 25mg lamictal but it makes me anxious and insomniac so i skip sometimes and get depressed.
wooooo finally got levaquin!!! so pumped finally i'm gonna get better hastag monthlongsickness
xarelto commercial just said and can lead to death tf ain't nobody gon try yo pills now
username username i agree. plus if u missed ur tysabri it's bound to have an effect. good days bad, but keep that strong mind
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”@diamondzay
dr. stephen huff: pinpoint pupils? think olanzapine overdose! hastag demc13
i see why she is happy@uberfacts: bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
is that a bottle of prozac in your pocket or are you just sad to see me?
username username ;o) username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username yup till september. have to go this tuesday for it since i was put on oral cipro
nicotine calms me down
rt username popped a paxil i'm meh, ugh.
i'm phil mickelson, pro golfer. thanks for the introduction, phil. hastag enbrel hastag usopen
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
dr username would love this eisai-sponsored session on perampanel at the intl epilepsy congress in montreal...
lmao@dedemarieex3: hastag myboyfriendnotallowedto vent to other female ? wtf she aint dr.phil nor a therapist ? depressed ? get cymbalta.”
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username depression hurts. i need some cymbalta.
hastag isth2013 hastag rivaroxaban cost effective alternative to standard of care in pulmonary embolism and prevention of recurrent dvt and pe in uk
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username vet liam ? rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username all anti depressants have a chance of that happening, i don't think paxil is much higher.
my body is so not ready for this seroquel. never had an antidepressant knock me the fuck out at a quarter dose before o _o
username why the fuck would you try that, its like tryin to bust on vyvanse. that shit aint happening.
username cipro??? i just had the same issues when i was on it last week...no fun!!!
rt username mt username username study deems hastag liraglutide insulin degludec combo safe effective for hastag diabetes hyperlink
she (gf) wouldn't shut up, arguing, i just wanted to sleep, i didn't think it would be lethal. took 9000mg quetiapine + etoh suuuurrre.
haladol and trazodone on top of my mental and physical exhaustion. have a good night cunts.
forgot to take my iron supplements, folate supplements and fluoxetine. :( and i just realised.
username by putting up billboards saying, life is pure,why intoxicate it with nicotine? hastag tobaccofreepune
seroquel as the sleeping aid. i'm about to knocc out hopefully for the whole night.
seroquel. please. username drake is the man of my dreams
watching a 50 pound munchkin fight sleep after they've been give trazodone is one of the funniest and cutest things i've ever witnessed
this vyvanse needs to kick in.
username after holding for 2 hours on hastag cipc hastag cipro, the consultant just greeted, asked my problem and dropped the phone!!!!!!!!!!
havent smoked without having taken a vyvanse before in a minute.. zzzzzzzzz
i've been really forgetting to take my paxil lately but if i take it with a my seroquel it makes my sinuses close up :(
vote for summer b and your prozac is free just like government cheese lol
username has it reduced your seizures!? am on keppra and vimpat full doses of both and still have 3-7 seizures a week.
morning fluoxetine burp makes me want to ralph.
username username now i'm gonna think of cipro
so your daughter's depressed? we'll get her straight on the prozac , but little do you know she already takes crack- lily allen
username i'm surprised you weren't originally started on paxil, it's like the most popular ssri
having to decide between taking a vyvanse and going to drink early is such a difficult decision. hastag responsibilities
cipro and grape fruit juice is iffy. hastag internswag hastag firstcounsel
username strangely enough i've yet to be offered valporate, it seems to be the same two abilify and seroquel.
she's on the highest dose of prozac a woman can take.
username cipro is awful makes me sick as a dog too
okay i'm re-reading my tweets... i need a nap. or zyprexa. either way my taco is getting cold so it needs my immediate attention hastag night
weed , alcohol , nicotine cocaine
the dot com/prozac crash
username username username username hastag victoza hastag byetta hastag januvia hastag dispatches yes expect many questions over next week
racing next sun so thought i'd better try on my tri suit. so depressing, can just about get into it and look like a whale ffs!! hastag olanzapine
every since i stopped taking that paxil i haven't been so damn emotional ..... i think!
rt username dougados: etanercept in nr-axial spa - trend of higher effect if high crp mri+ for sacroiliitis hastag spondylitis hastag eular20…
username blog 1st step, could be poster child for ampyra and maybe biogen (anaphylactic shock from tysabri, but now started tecfidera
compston - data not clear on when to stop risedronate therapy in hastag osteoporosis ^cn hastag rheum2013
rt username some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
username hope it works for you, i've heard good things about humira :-) i'm surprised they didn't try enbrel first xxx
rt username cx, that's 7 trials of 5 biosims for $nvs ... novartis starts phiii trial of biosimilar of amgen's enbrel. hyperlink
i've also been caffeine- and nicotine-free for 1 week. hastag dying
watching keeping up with the kardashians can make ur head hurt cymbalta and 1 mill dollars can help
i'll be in my room overdosing on trazodone if you want me peace love and goodbye to you goodbye to everything that i neeeew
username username username username we carry metoprolol in a medical drugs bag in an arrhythmia section.
username i was on celexa, which made me sleepy. i switched to effexor. it has norepinephrine in it, so it jump starts me in the mornin
username oh, ok. worth it in da long run though. seems screwed up. wasn't infliximab you were on b4? i'm still on da humira and working!
username they relied on the facilitation of seratonin, except lamictal, which fucks with glutamate, which still effects seratonin
still thinking of that one day in 1998 where i swallowed a throat lozenge. i was in english class.
my favorite band member of puns and roses is paxil rose.he's a musical fucking guinness.
what would i do without vyvanse.
username i don't take anything but baclofen and the occasional valium for spasticity now. hastag mssucks
ciprofloxacin is my new best friend for the next 7 days!
username have you tried taking meds? that's what i've had to do. i take trazodone now, but it may be more for mental issues. not sure.
username fluoxetine. lol
get asked if i have tourettes. nope. just vyvanse hastag twitchy username
username i have trazodone, weed, rock star and brandy....ready to see the stars.
username trazodone lol
username username before dabigatran came along, anticoag'd pts on coumadin had some ischemia protection - dabigatran needs asa.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
from the latest hastag drug commercial the only thing i know about hastag xarelto is that i shouldn't take it. hastag humor hastag ads
chinese refinery appoint uncolored android memo book pc funpad midst because a online public utility lozenge cellar
thank jesus for trazodone
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username fluoxetine did fuck all for me! shittest antidepressant i reckon! youre lucky youre off it!
username (commercial announcer voice) ask your doctor about trazodone! real gentle, won't knock you out, but it lets you stay asleep.
med wise: -antidepressant (pristiq) works well -antipsychotic (seroquel) good efficacy, poor side fx (replacing it)
somebody needs to get amanda bynes on seroquel, abilify, something
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
either the bride is watching an episode of the walking dead in the other room, or someone in this house needs a lozenge.
amgn_$97.42_fda has approved a new indication for xgeva registered (denosumab) for the treatment with giant cell tumor of bone
fuck it, the nicotine will mellow me out
ready for bed but vyvanse is saying no hastag forciblynocturnal
if removing the rapper from this halls lozenge is any indication of my prowess it's a safe bet that i wouldn't last long in the hunger games
sweet dreams coated in seroquel.....
anemia, hormones, depression paxil are totally getting the best of me this morning. getting out of bed is haaard.
username ohh man i've never heard of it. i was on humira for 3 years and it worked really well.
i think im going to need a prozac to smile at some of these bitches today
i told yall rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
the sad thing about my life is that even after 44 straight hours of being awake, i still had to take seroquel to get any real sleep.
that hesitation had me worried. where's the paxil? hastag skywire
username i tried 3 as well. i promise...none are worth it. i've been on zoloft, prozac, and lexapro...nothing is better than anything
nothing rhymes with 'orange.' unless, of course, you're rapping: forage, horrid, courage, lozenge, porridge, portage, storage...
username my t cell went up w ith humira i also have crohns disease.  i wish u guys had more articles with people like me in it
i sometimes eat this and pretend it's candy when it's actually not bec it's a lozenge :( oops hyperlink
sex while shes on prozac . shes only happy when im out back.
rt username personal frustration med's that work (humira) then wear-off even when taking mtx for anti-bodies. hastag rheum
hastag diabetic drugs: new ones are nesina, kazano, oseni
love radio boards! could atlanta provide nash fms afternoon jock in wi a throat lozenge.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” that's bananas!;)
rt username fda investigating unexplained deaths of two patients who got injections of the antipsychotic medication zyprexa: hyperlink
username at hospital waiting 4 bloods tests zometa infusion carrier bag drugs 2c me thro next 28 days :-) happy days keep smiling :)
but wtf is 50mg of quetiapine going to do? that's my prescribed prn dose. i'll need more than that though.
username username username it only got worse when they found my vyvanse stash too
trip to walmart with kiddos - added to list mid trip: chocolate milk, dora bandaids, two bags of candy, someone's refill of prozac....
paroxetine is the ssri of choice in breast feeding mothers. sertraline if you need an ssri post mi hastag revisiontweets
rt username the fda recently approved paroxetine (which in higher doses is marketed as the antidepressant paxil) as a... hyperlink
shouldn't boniva be for erectile dysfunction?
hastag bds &amp;parents must immediately boycott &amp;stop use of  hastag israel copaxone registered  rebif registered exelon registered doxil registered azilect registered gonal registered etanercept- aid occupation
which thienopyridine should we use? clopidogrel? prasugrel? ticagrelor? hastag acs
mmm! i love how that sounds!! rt username username i need 20mg zyprexa po haldol 50mg im stat... nurse cano
(this morning's cocktail of meds: 150mg pregabalin, 40mg fluoxetine, 50mg losartan, 500mg amoxicillin, multivitamin. it's fun!)
can't listen to these american bints at the table next to me go on about how prozac is clearing their 'anxiety' of life any longer
try a throat lozenge
anyone fuck with trazodone 50mgs? $5 a pop. lol, but really though.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
depression hurts ....cymbalta cab help.
username the last psychiatrist i went to said i have adhd but he's anti-vyvanse. he doesn't prescribe it to anyone basically
rt username vyvanse really is a life saver right now hastag nannyprobs
username bloody hell. i'm on high dose venlafaxine and have been for years so, yay mentals! \m/ hastag mentalhealth
seroquel will be in order tonight.
wide awake and this trazodone starting to feel like a sugar pill.. i'd actually prefer to be at work right bout now.
username sorry don't have humira's launch data on hand.
username want beverly to know: depression hurts, but cymbalta can help!”
rt username username nice work username username mt: eisai stop fycompa distribution due to negative assessment by amnog
username recommended: paxil &amp;/or cannabis + time. been there, happens to every1 that is not a robot.
rt username news: nice recommend olanzapine as an effective treatment for murray mania. hastag wimbledon2013
having to cake my arms in factor 50 just to walk in the street or go in the garden, on cipro whilst its sunny, great -.-
username magine if we all had a fume on here together! yuno all us fluoxetine lot? be a scream wouldnt it??? :-d
phil mickelson is a walking advertisement for kpmg, callaway, barclays and enbrel. hastag pickone
and that, ladies and gentlemen, is that. fuzzy noisy head = sleep hastag quetiapine
rt username the diagnosis of depression didn’t become popular in japan until glaxo-smithklein got approval to market paxil in the c…
don't say no to pills! latuda won't kill!
vyvanse + day drinking = not a good idea. whatever..
where to purchase actonel - actonel from mexico without pre script ion at maryland - read more: hyperlink
marketing idea: fluoxetine docusate sodium. brand name relaxatives
rt username oral hastag apixaban non-inferior in effectiveness lowers bleeding c/w warfarin in acute venous thromboembolism hastag nejm http:…
my father's line are 2 han doctors who knew biochemistry of foods, i have a natural bend toward healthy food. natalizumab to fight infection
vyvanse n studying all day tomorrow though
username paxil helps break you out of your comfort zone kinda i have to take it for my social anxiety idk
whoever chose the music here clearly forgot to take their paxil. hastag depressing hastag sad hastag breakupbeats hastag getoverit
just did my first first two humira injections  syringe  confounded face  hastag ouch hastag ihateneedles hastag psoriasissucks hastag goaway
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
or vyvanse. das ma shit. got me doin like 20 different things. shit but id be doin things yo.
username i take duloxetine for mine :-)
username effects tend to vary from person to person. i'm on fluoxetine which i find really helpful, but my friend *hated* it.
rt username paxil's best (and only) friend: abigail... even though she weighs as much as pax's leg, she's the boss. username hyperlink
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
that prozac life...
username i can understand that, the trazodone are a top-up anti-depressant, so they're not addictive, my other ad don't cause sleep
this time i have olanzapine if necessary :3
username i'm on paxil because of this.
username they put me on lamictal and upped my lexapro as well as giving me something for sleep and continuing my adderall.
rt username i run on vyvanse and redbull.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
need more vyvanse for next week. who can hook it up
did someone just say paxil hastag bpnichol
username more like seroquel nation
rt username proud to announce that my side project with username intellectual lozenge and the chrome robot will be releasing our …
rt username if you take byetta, victoza, or januvia, read òincretins under siege? donõt jump to conclusionsó username - hyperlink
im in bed - agonizing pain kidney infection #4. last week i was on nitrofuran. today cipro. blood in my urine. i need to see urologist now
username lmao! she's lucky she's not dealing with you back in your seroquel days! she wouldn't stand a chance! not that she does now
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
this seroquel got me lo0o0py as helll. this status took me at least thirty minutes to type i keep waking up without knowing i feel asleep
username i've seen many people react positively to seroquel for sleep, you just have to way the side effects w/benefits
smoking can make ur nipples fall off turn them purple because nicotine carbon monoxide disrupt the blood flow in nipples username
username oh hi dude.. got a sore throat? have a lozenge to calm your throat dude..
username technically, olanzapine isn't fda approved in bipolar depression.
good and evil they gave me amphetamines after by the time they where done nearly 48 meds. recently i lost track of vyvanse
5hrs sleep last night but stayed awake today. lethargic low still. in bed can feel myself going hot cold :(  hastag venlafaxine hastag day7
please god just let it be the prozac fucking with my body hastag fingerscrossed
username bah :(. i remember! :s. paroxetine was what did that to me... and increased my symptoms ten-fold -_-.
username well there upping my meds i've been on pentasa for 4-5 years and apparently it's not working so i'm going on humira
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
username i'm on hastag tysabri and so far so good i've only had 3 treatments it's once a month infusions
happy as a clam? yeah i provide for you some prozac oh my gos
*cough* i dont really *cough* have a bad cough *cough* we all know college friend is you *cough* slut *cough*...does anybody have a lozenge?
username aww :( ... i really miss calling you out n saying you were on vyvanse lmao
username (and don't think i'm dismissing that anxiety, either. anxiety is awful awful awful. i get that too and take paxil for it.)
id get back on prozac just for the weight loss
username it was a trade off for me, as i gained back my lost weight. going to try geodon, but i'd rather be functional, especially...
my vyvanse is seriously about to drive me crazy
username same broad-spectrum activity as gentamicin but far safer is ofloxacin ear dps for children. refer: local pharmacist. regards bms
accidentally swallowed and choked on my throat lozenge hastag notforsmallchildren
i hate hastag zoloft because it makes me crazy revved up but i also hate hastag lamictal because it gives me stupid head. ah, bipolar i disorder 
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username ask about non ssri meds and nutriceuticals like methylfolate n acetyl cysteine (nac). seriously paxil is insanely dangerous.
now.. is time with nicotine and caffeine :))
username he said usually ppl taper off effexor, bc it’s a rough one to stop, but since i was starting viibryd i should be ok.
olanzapine is supposed to make you a fat bastard i got off lucky. lithium makes my hand shake. bipolar or schizo drugs.
username been on avonex (yuck), tysabri, previous copax. had exacerbations while on all! hmmm. i'll keep ya posted.
username people develop sensitivetty to it because of severe hastag side affects from being hastag floxed.by hastag cipro hastag levaquin hastag avelox and others
is it hot in here or is my vyvanse just kicking in?
username he seems pro victoza but not metformin for t1
another awesome 9 hours of sleep. thank god for seroquel!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”guess i should eat these.
hey brother, can you spare a paxil? i'm terrible at this panhandling shit.
hastag duloxetine is efficacious and generally well tolerated for management of hastag symptomatic hastag knee hastag oa in both older and younger patients...
username i actually take lamictal for it... so i'm not suffering anymore! it's a real battle, but can be overcame...
username username username you guys don't even know what we're doing for you. maaaad.
username and insurance usually covers cipro, so hope it would cover cipro drops!!!
username mcevoy j. p., et al. lurasidone a randomized, 6-week, open-label study. j clin psychiatry 2013 hastag switch non mi convince! no!
i agree w/ username . she's faking it. they know it, but they're basicly 51/50 ing her. username i'm sure the medication is zyprexa
username oh no ricky l am sorry hope you are appealing l am off hastag enbrel as its not working anymore
*wakes up* *takes trazodone* *goes back to sleep*
nah i'll go anyways, just to see my bbys sahal and humira and aishah x x
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
i even took a trazadone which really helped me sleep. however, i've too much on my mind at the moment.
username i was on quetiapine and gained 40lbs &lt;wall&gt; so i am not even trying olanzapine. they gave me abilify cause it not supposed to
username it is vyvanse. and since you're being a little shit, you're getting a sack tap tomorrow in first hour
i'm super trillz and u kno dat aaaaand dat pussy throwback, and any given night i can still pop that ass like a prozac
nicotine&gt;&gt;
hot topic on hastag obesity pharmacotherapy at hastag endo2013 symposium and hastag clinical trials on naltrexone-bupropion and hastag liraglutide in progress.
it's the second time i've seen this on tv. do not take prolia if you are allergic to it. really?? we need this announced warning on meds?
username username hello both, i’m on 25mg seroquel which i take in the mornings. i love a stoned morning. :)
username lol the only one i can remember is depression hurts...cymbalta can help!
i think my tablets have made me gain weight. anyone on fluoxetine/prozac? hastag replytweet
doc for panic disorders: alprazolam (addictive) and paroxetine (sedating). hastag psychiatry
k. i'm back on trazodone cause i was up till 8 am today...and that can't happen again. i'll be knocked out in a few...yayyyyyyyyyyy
no effects at all so far but i don't know what i expected... hastag quetiapine
these inspirational notes on lozenge wrappers really aren't doing it for me tonight
this xarelto commercial just implied that warfarin keeps you from eating healthy foods.
field trip with day camp children.....no amount of caffeine and vyvanse can take away the pain.
anyway, i was just feeling itchy and my neck was red so they gave me benedryl with my hastag tysabri. might be a coincidence but just in case
rt username today the fda approved paroxetine (brisdelle), an ssri, to treat moderate to severe hot flashes associated with menopaus…
using the alcohol pad to clean the wii controller after humira injection hastag perksofarthritis
i thank the sleep gods for descending and blessing me with trazodone
username i know. hey you're not weird or need paxil at all
the weather is on prozac now? rt username dry weather expected in the country. temperatures would start to rise. depression weakens
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
username tell 'em you're suicidal without effexor. gimme.
rt username hastag xarelto for prevention of atrial fibrillation. in the cme i see username username username username username et al.
username oh geeze lol well i wish you luck on getting a prozac lol
i'm drinking liquor while on codiene, aspirin, seroquel, and other supposed to be strong medicine smh i'm going to learn one day
rt username side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?
username well there's nicotine in it just not as much as fucking cigarettes he's dumb. hyperlink
rt username just say no to hastag camh = no to hastag labatt hastag beamish hastag mccain hastag pizza hastag prozac hastag paxil hastag addiction hastag suicidality etc hyperlink
hastag nyr on $10 mil, 5-year deal with hastag av: contract contains bonus clauses based on spending thresholds in local lozenge markets hastag nhl
rt username seroquel set me up fo da gts sleeping face &lt;&lt;&lt;break dat shit down nxt time
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
username yikes, thats scary stuff. i've taken enbrel b4, been trying other things havent found anything that works. thx 4 the heads up
username yes! same thought. the 60mg geodon one is quite disturbing, he literally stabbed the paper.
i forgot to take my olanzapine/fluoxetine
so my body was goin threw withdrawl? lol didnt kno paxil was that strong lol
hastag download avelox - a medical dictionary, bibliography, and annotated research guide to internet references - icon health... username
username - nobody can put up with my bipolar disorder. confused face ” you need olanzapine
username same with venlafaxine, 1 user i spoke to yrs ago stopped taking that when she started having acid like trips losing hours at a time
ok. call humira nurse line (that's the only recent change) or my own doc?
could really go for some nicotine right about now.
50mg vyvanse + now making coffee = cracked out in 20.
how do they come up with the names for drugs? like xarelto or maalox... maybe username could weigh in
username prescription tramadol is a good one for tummy. thats what joe had.i got norco, 800 mg motrin, and baclofin( muscle relaxers)
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
dry swallowing trazodone/ like a boss
username just what the world needs! more forms of cipro. how many lives will be destroyed by this one??? bayer healthcare lol!!!
lester holt nbc just hyped a new drug for hot flashes; not a new drug, it is simply paroxetine rebranded. nbc needs new science editor!
last night i was a mermaid and then a wizard who had to save the world while being hunted by the japanese... err thank you hastag trazodone ?
sad depressed in need of cymbalta
if i had vyvanse life would be so much easier...
i think i would become catatonic if i stopped my olanzapine completely
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
oh man! i've been a total quetiapine zombie all morning! i've been taking them for years but every now + then they really mess me up!
surprising mom with a clean house when she gets home from work because vyvanse!
is invokana# a fraudulent company?
pamela osorio whatever her last name is needs cymbalta.
username i had a gene test for tysabri i guess it can cause a fatal brain disorder. my chances are low.. but that crap is creepy.
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
seroquel is already in me... now waiting for the time....
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
lyrically i'm dope enough to butt fuck the dude that made nicotine
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i hate going a day without vyvanse
all my niggas keep ah sig no nicotine
i just take my seroquel .... i close facebook i just let you open i wont make research for see pic of u i already see pix for stop smile
i've been trying to clean my room for 3 days. the struggle is real when i run out of my vyvanse! hastag cantfocus
levaquin will destroy your life it did mine
rt username patient switched from effexor 150mg/day to celexa 20mg/day.. says it won't work because 20mg is a smaller number than 150mg…
username that menopause drug is similar to paxil that has been linked to disc degeneration. bone issues are an effect of menopause.
so glad to have just finished a course of cipro! fingers crossed i can stay off of nausea inducing meds for the next little while...
venlafaxine makes me feel so nauseas hahahaha oh god i'm going to chunder in my geography lesson help
rt username pam analysis of eliquis review docs shows approval delayed by fraud, dispensing errors in pivotal trial [free] hyperlink
now playing... radiohead - lozenge of love hastag nowplaying
my nigga dante addicted to that nicotine
finally got approved for cymbalta after having waited over a month. maybe this will fix me
a prozac a day makes the voices away
username that's why they love to treat anorexia nervosa with olanzapine.
username username i take paxil for the management of ocd and anxiety. hastag ssriclub
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” hmm
release of eliquis blood clot preventer story: by bill berkrot (reuters) the blood clot preventer eliquis, sold by pfizer inc and bri...
username i would also love 2 get to 50 followers 2nite i'm username 49..pls help... hastag crohns hastag humira hastag teamibd
username have you tried a different sleeping med? maybe an ssri like trazodone - no crazy side effects and less tolerance buildup.
rainy saturday at cipro. are they on twitter? hyperlink
username haha same lol, it was good thank you, they put me on fluoxetine 20mg xxx
username username venlafaxine withdrawal is worse than most by miles x
cymbalta helps. rt username me: rt username username username hyperlink is wrong with you people ?
just checking in, anything happening?  had the weirdest dream i was listening to torts as the new head coach.. anyone have a lozenge?
rt username will someone please give nick nolte a throat lozenge?
username look up prolia commercial. it is for post-menopausal osteoporosis. the warnings say don't take if you're pregnant.
username sounds like someone forgot their prozac again.
i could take humira, (capital letters meanbuy it!!, or just take aspirin. the 8lood thinning, helps soothe inflammation. circulation key
username save the paroxetine for the husbands of women having the hot flashes.
*the fifth bottle paxil...her notes antidepressant, good daily medication, especially going out in public she take one immediately.*
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username this too!
my mother just informed me that our dog is on prozac.
cipro/cipc has been lying for the past 5 years or more username username username username username hastag dti.
username bit of advise please. i've stopped gliclazide but still taking metformin victoza. do i need to notify dvla ins co? thanks
vyvanse cures pairanoid scitzophrania im living proof lol
username melatonin is often incorrectly prescribed. try trazodone. cheaper. non-addictive. prevents thought cycles that inhibit sleep.
1 week strong nicotine free...
$biib $eln - rate of pml continues to increase, while monthly tysabri gross patient adds were down to 761 in may(jpm) hyperlink
thinking about medicine. anyone here ever take zoloft or cymbalta ?
rt username my journey into the dark night of the soul was launched by an adverse reaction to the drug effexor. taking this... http…
rt username every psychiatrist on the fda panel that approved paxil had financial ties to pharma- chapter 2 making a killing hyperlink
username went to another doctor he went straight over to cmh and gives me pristiq i was the lord almighty triping for the night. metophor
hastag consumeralert: have you or a loved one taken hastag granuflo, hastag pradaxa or hastag actos and suffered from adverse effects? if so, seek an opinion asap.
cymbalta can help rt username depression hurts
do you still need lozenge magus, alt art? username
novartis' secukinumab superior to enbrel in head-to-head p3 study in psoriasis study $nvs
ciprofloxacin hcl tablets taste like fucking shit
i need nicotine!!!
trazodone talk hastag itsfine
rt username in the firstword newsletter: ema policy on clinical data release, novartis targets biosimilar enbrel more hyperlink
spent my 4th making cipro/vicodin cocktails. god bless america and prescription drugs!
imma pop a few of trazodone pills and i'm out for the count....
finna dip pta cipro,new company on the lure, congress of limpopo people,has tenders for days,guess whose is bizzare? yeah juju!!
ugh..after 4 doses of humira i thought my hastag ra would feel a lil better. no such luck yet. waiting on the day to be a normal mom.
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
rt username trajenta registered (linagliptin): new data on safety and efficacy in type 2 diabetes patients with renal impairment hyperlink
username aye and the kennel's called fluoxetine!
username it wasn't reacting to bactrim, so stopped in middle of that and doctor switched me to cipro, which i finished totally.
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
3) oh, will, you poor man, they put you on effexor. which, as it happens, is actually an antidepressant. fact check, guys. hastag thenewsroom
username i can't even imagine! i'm starting hastag humira soon, should be interesting.
either i'm exhausted or this paxil is working wonders cuz i ain't mad about shit
username username you should make it sherv because ghost loads is doing paxil
username username i have a consultant letter saying i must have lamictal- things were ok for 3 months, annoyed it's started again
username username are you taking it for anxiety? i had to be put on paxil to work with a different med i was on.
i regret swallowing my vyvanse at this moment hastag tootiredforthis
03.00 day 19 rivaroxaban diary. just taken 2 paracetamol. probabably will take 70 minutes to work. a long painful night ahead.
humira commercial conversation: aunt june! look at your moderate to severe plaque psoriasis! -5 yr old niece.
a piece of hastag rome in hastag alexandria hastag sydney at hastag cipro. one of the best hastag pizzas in town. hyperlink
rx comercial: don't take prolia i you're allergic to it does that really need to be said? hastag whatisthisworld
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, contact us toll free. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol.
username what is a good stress reliever ? i need to know cus i need it now !” humira !
username i'm slowly putting the lamotrigine back up and i'm back on o but i really shouldn't be at work
username they're switching me to effexor! look at me i'm the silver linings playbook and shit i feel like a star!!
mom can go back on her prozac any day now...  hastag cantdeal hastag hypercritical
limu lean mixed with a blufrog mixed with a vyvanse really makes me feel like i can run a marathon.
username username i blame my short attention span. vyvanse wore off 5 hours ago lol
panic attacking because you cant find your effexor and know withdrawal will set in momentarily &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;.
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
ciprofloxacin has its social intercourse inflowing nonessential sectors likewise as though herbaceous, easy supp:
username does the trazodone you take have any side effects? i write a hastag webcomic that is partly about a family with hastag sleepdisorders
rt username dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hastag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hastag ehraeuro…
lamotrigine remains unclear whether the limited efficacy of gainst brain metastases
username tho i will point out, i want to shoot him when i see his enbrel commercials, it's doesn't work like that!
username so in stead of killing ur self from nicotine your going to drown ur lungs from the steam one
2.5 hours until i swallow and entire pack of seroquel and hallucinate whilst i watch got's.
username preach raising hands when i was on paxil it didn't help at all. you have to learn to control the issue, not mask it
username took perocet, naproxen, namenda, topamax, cymbalta. plus heat on back earlier used tens unit lidocaine cream
popped a paxil i'm meh, ugh.
i found a lozenge with menthol and benzocaine. oh my new best friend.
fuck im running out of vyvanse so fast
hoping to talk to my hastag psychiatrist about a hastag medication to help with my hastag anxiety along with my hastag seroquel. depends on time hastag mentalhealth hastag bpd
username al7een fhmt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username those r common bacteria species causing sinusitis so if no improvement will need avelox or levaquin. :)
i think i need paxil... hastag idealeyecare
rt username just did a video of me injecting my hastag humira to hopefully help guide you who are scared to do it on your own or about to …
paxil is one weird medication.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. oh girls!!!!!! lmfao
username lamotrigine! what about you? xx
rt username username fuck it i'm depressed...” cymbalta can help.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
trial of zoledronic acid and interleukin-2 to expand tumoricidal γδ t cells in vivo in patients with refractory neuroblastoma
username word cause i used to take that shit for anxiety. so go take some paxil
i ain't trying to take this seroquel yet. i'm not ready to be sedated and completely unconscious till tomorrow.
username like lamictal? i found once i learned to love self tackle my hastag ptsd triggers, hastag trichotillomania episodes are non existent
ob psych have cleared me for bf-ing while on prozac and lamictal! very happy about this. was hoping i’d at least get to try. hastag bipolar
username they probably would have offered me the full anti psychotic menu had i not reacted badly to seroquel hastag handy hastag bonus
dear mirtazapine trazodone, you fucking suck at helping me sleep. sincerely, hastag ptsd sufferers everywhere.
rt username username *gives username olanzapine* let queen ola's powers of healing into your heart!
knowledge is power!levaquin antibiotic interacts with the medication seroquel and can cause heart arrthymias.learnt something new today yes!
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
username i had a physician comment it would be better for my seizures if i lived in a medical m. state instead of the lamictal.
don't ever brush your teeth and follow it up with a cherry lozenge. goblin
++rt username a saudi health worker at madinah airport stuffed cipro in my mouth without caring to ask about allergy or immunization
this night of no sleep is brought to you by vyvanse. persevering face
s:8e:1 dexter,.?.. what the fuck are we doing back at hogwart's! hurry with dispatch.. aderol, paxil xanax..c'mon deb!
username haha.i haven't enough prozac to handle that scenario.
ima take this whole bottle of venlafaxine pill
stealing the lozenge snark from my keeper. pssh. i'm watching you! ;-p
today is the day for my biweekly humira injection, any volunteers to take it for me? it hurts.
hastag oomf needs some prozac damn
... i expect by the end of the day all of the drugs will have melted and i'll be standing in a puddle of hydrocodone and venlafaxine.
venlafaxine... because real drug addicts have legal prescriptions.
so worst case scenario, i'd have to pay 25% of humira cost until i hit deductible. $650/month. would take just over 3mo to hit deductible.
username what problems did you have with humira, if you don't mind me asking. i tried infliximab it destroyed my liver.
bayer says fda requests more data on xarelto for stent patients
i go back in 2 weeks and am determined to lose weight by then and prove her wrong. should be easier with lamotrigine!
username really cause up until yesterday i'm pretty sure you were -_- if you would just take care of yourself and take effexor
can't sleep, but i'm afraid that the muscle tremors keep me awake even worse if i take promethazine in combination with fluoxetine...
giver her some stress relieving pills. like cymbalta.
username not a darn thing wrong with oreos..better than prozac
shouts out to seroquel for giving me that blessed 17h sleep tho
username yeh same bk felt like sumo wrestler on it all time :( think its f****ed me 4life :( ironic as humira is used to treat artheritis
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
tea and nicotine is a great combination
username you forgot the immodium for when the cipro kills all the good bacteria. :) hastag travelskills
keep your black and milds and cigs, need no nicotine
popped a seroquel, i'm sleeeeeepy wooooo! hastag remix hastag donthatebewbew *@cobecola voice*
username that's the stupid thing. i sleep fine on 600mg quetiapine. i very rarely struggle to sleep. so there's nothing to fear :-/
rt username bristol-myers squibb company, pfizer inc.'s eliquis equal to warfarin to halt blood clots: staying up-to-date ... http:…
some chick on fb just said, mother nature is bipolar, go get some prozac. honey no, more like lithium, prozac is an anti-depressant...
this bitch can't pronounce lozenge. this is college. pollys it's only two syllables
just got a bunch of new followers today!  (preemptively upping my fluoxetine for all the unfollows that are now expected later this week.)
i can't sit and listen to more than one nas song at a time. nigga be spitting that musical seroquel
username username yeah i feel way more... stable(?) when i switched from the welbutrin to the effexor so it definitely works
dear effexor, fucl off. knew better than to take their meds, i'm a fucking nutter
username i cant sleep im having a well bad nicotine craving
hastag mentalhealthmatters.....we really need to sell more pharms to the public. fish on prozac, people on benzos. big corporate gettin $$$$$
ha! take that ciprofloxacin! last time i'll be taking you! hastag freedom
username tell me how paxil works! i hate zoloft :-(
username username i've been taking fluoxetine for a couple of years now with no problems whatsoever.
effexor..... ok let's give it a shot.
and she's like 'why?' err cuz they contain a liquid called nicotine
my vyvanse is kicking in. i can feel it.
can someone please put adele on seroquel? hastag getoverit
if people calling you thirsty on twitter is too much to handle... fill up the paxil, because the real world is gonna be real tough.
nicotine doesn't help at allll
it's like, do i take a nap or do i take q vyvanse
username had my doctor attempted to treat with bactrim prior to cipro, i wouldn't be crippled today.
a double shot of africa with a cipro chaser hastag stomachparty hastag ethiopiaspring2013
username yeah, generic venlafaxine has about four different slow release formulations, i got withdrawals from some.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
seroquel +marijuana = 6hrs of sleep
3 norcos and a seroquel had that answer.
if you’re bipolar ii, get lamictal. i’m on 600mg/day. haven’t spent an evening screaming into a pillow in seven years.
what does ciprofloxacin treat? gonorrhea well i promise i don't have that! hastag medicinecabinet
application submitted to the european medicines agency (ema) for use of pradaxa registered in treatment of deep vein thrombosis (dvt) and pulmonary…
my seroquel keeps me from being a paranoid nutcases that rocks back forth in a corner talking about demons.....i wish i was exaggerating~
lilly pr email stats: 10 sent in 4mins. 5 empagliflozin, 3 linagliptin, 1 dulaglutide 1 ly2605541. need extra insulin to process all that.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username gamma-aminobutyric acid is an inhibitory neurotransmitter which helps to control aggression and eating. . mine is broken ek ook!
rt username i'm in desperate need of a throat lozenge.
username if i'm talking 2a little pen,then i certainly need highest dose of quetiapine! grinning squinting face face with tears of joy u r so dear 2me o'pen! can't live without u
vyvanse someone take me to my car
i've been prescribed paxil, and it's scary to think that i'm going to be on meds. i know it's fine and other people won't care or judge
cymbalta is such a cool name for medicine hastag random
another light nights sleep brought to me courtesy of hastag venlafaxine dammit. hastag day8
username neue schule trans-angle lozenge every time
wellbutrin, zyprexa, xanax, effexor, lamotrigine, valium. every day. i'm not even a person anymore. i'm a parody of an actual human being.
username lozenge waffle. giraffe sprocket. (excited about your bumper book of silliness coming out in october!)
oh yay! its night time! when i usually start to spiral. that happy me last night? that was just an anomaly. time to pop open the quetiapine!
username thanks for the tip! i've not tried seroquel, so with chronic sinusitis i will definitely check it out.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username i used to dream every night without fail on fluoxetine...i have no crazy stories each morning now i'm off it though!! :-l
dr john buse: most impressive at #2013ada victoza+degludec= -1.9% a1c reduction insulin on steroids bit of weight loss too hastag dttcoyd
oh, and the seroquel, i stopped taking that too.
username he's done this before. his own mother says he is schizophrenic and is suppose to take zyprexa and doesn't.
username username i take allegra and benadryl w effexor, lamictal, buspar, klonopin it's fine. the main ones that cause
kick those buds out. free yourself from nicotine now hastag worldtobaccoday
username oh and a trazodone. fuck this shit.
username username yeah i hear you. i'm currently on seroquel too for my most intense crazy (i can tell you so many stories)
i wouldn't touch the stuff-and! i'm not well 2 mad about pharmaceuticals anymore!!! ha! but thats well the one i was on got banned seroquel
i took some baclofen and i dont feel a little but drowsy! hastag wtf hastag backspasms
username depressed. cymbalta can help
username one prozac a day, husbands a cpa
username i'm on fluoxetine; seems to do the trick for me. my wife used citalopram for her anxiety attacks.
thank god for seroquel. bout to knock out hastag needsomesleepsomethinfierce
aped like an elongated lozenge, hastag it plowed through the layers of c hastag follow oruscant's atmosphere without incident.
username run for your life from cipro! (while you're still physically able to run)
do i take a lot of seroquel and sleep well tonight or do i continue to lower my dose and ween off?  it's owning my life.
see rheumy today. 3 month check up. my pred is down to 2 1/2. still on enbrel mtx. wrists hurt more since lowed pred.
early night for me, going to be a long day tomo with my first humira injections! time to finally beat hastag crohns!
vyvanse prescribed within mins of asking, then insurance rejected since no generic.$250! doc calls them explains i'm not generic. approved
the vet put my cat on paxil. he's a cat! how much anxiety can he have?!? hastag lickmyassorlayinthesun
username i didn't know that had a test for nicotine!
long term follow-up of a phase iii lamotrigine/capecitabine trial
i'm high af on vyvanse.
username ha! try not to do that. water, sleep, cipro, and the occasional xanax can cure all travel related illnesses.  hastag beprepared
it's been a blast twitter, but now it's time for me to pass out in a pile of cats. play me off, trazodone...
whenever you see phil mickelsen, take a shot of enbrel
this is why spain is such a happy place. mt username saffron has antidepressant effects comparable to prozac
shoutout to vyvanse just cause #40mg
wow, the rls is out of control tonight hastag notfun does anyone out there taking seroquel have issues with restless leg syndrome?
rt username username lemme suck the seroquel residue off your fingertips
username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge” username (remind u of anything)
username bath salts? geodan is already mixed.  restraints, constables and i already have my nurse voice. idiots....
(cont'd) surprisingly, despite taken hastag mirtazapine (30mg) this morning, i didn't ko. i've also took username (30mg) hastag tianeptine (12.5mg)
username latuda + pristiq, right now.
username my heart hurts...” cymbalta doesn't help :( *hug* :d
orencia registered (abatacept) shows comparable efficacy to humira registered (adalimumab) in year two data from head-to-head study in patients with moderate…
username yeah same, i'm on fluoxetine, pericyazine and melatonin
username username username username is that a seroquel i see?
i think i'd be a pretty cool girlfriend because i'd share good music with you, tolerate your crap, and treat your dick like a lozenge
hastag vegasgr: dabigatran not effective in patients with protein c/s deficiency. hastag foamed
need nicotine:o
does taking cipro with rum have side effects?... ill report back later
rt username cx, that's 7 trials of 5 biosims for $nvs ... novartis starts phiii trial of biosimilar of amgen's enbrel. hyperlink
username i believe that one is tysabri. i was told same about humira and cimzia so not sure what will happen.
username ha! fluvoxamine, clonazepam, oxcarbazepine, seroquel xr, clonidine, and lithium carbonate. i won't even go into the high doses.
rt username username username username username 2 more specific issue, baclofen causes brain stem toxicity unwary must be awa…
username i haven't had an orgasm in a long time.. wtf.. hastag paxil
then the viibryd it will be the hardest. makes you very ill. hospital ill.
humira done.tho i'm thinking its days are numbered :s
username thank you. am trying to figure out what to do next. copaxone, betaseron now tysabri not working.
21y.o. w/ sickle-cell anemia and taking trazodone presents w/ priapism. what's the cause?
username you should get an e-cig then. it's like nicotine all day, everyday, with ballin flavors.
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
