nuvaring so fucking annoying rt username so you knocking that thang out...just take it out lol ..but nah nuvaring is whack
un ventolin pls
[51 storm ran] xopenex has become a hero! hastag carrionfields hastag rpg
you would think with all the fucking people i know id be able to find some damn adderall :/
julie- i can taste the miralax in my water.... flushed face face with tears of joy
girls press-on diarrhea beans cereal blowup oblique poo like ipods iphone dexilant someday i would day brings anthrax fart choral
zyprexa relprevv just killed two people according to username hastag cannabis never killed anyone
i'm going to watch this thalidomide programme because i am a good student.
username i wonder if there would be a benefit with atorvastatin or rosuvastatin hastag aha14
username assuming quetiapine.. do you know the mechanism by which it causes weight gain, please?
username yeah i'm hoping they'll give me pregabalin for anxiety like the last psych suggested
it's a real good night for a lunesta OK hand zzz  hastag nightnight
username lunesta works well, but prescription only.
username ye not bad thanks, avin velcade and dex hope for 2nd sct this year. give my regards to your bro x
username i think i need more temazepam to be honest, but headphones may help those around me, ha! ;-)
finally my suboxone kickin in
username ciprofloxacin is overused as general antibiotic while the risk of being crippled is very real w/achilles rupture. joint weakning
username username discount imodium too
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hastag pharmacy hastag medicine hastag pills hastag solution hastag remedy
i don't trust loperamide but i needed it. i guess i'm getting old
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
username fly on the wings of lunesta
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hastag usmlestep1
blowing dis gas wit darvon
username username username perfect! so we have to pay: flight tix, train tix, gig tix and a night in a b&amp;b, right? seems good to me :)
who knew grapefruit juice increased levels of quetiapine?! i'm sure most dietitians did but that's not the point! hastag geektweet
on 175mg of lamictal. it is a slow trip to my goal of 400mg and my seizures are frequent, but i have faith in this drug. 5th drug so far
ventolin time
gotta fit time to this audit in, post trus biopsy infection and prophylaxitic ciprofloxacin regime!
going to bed equipped with butter menthols, panadol, phenerghen, cough syrup, lemonade, ventolin and tissues - dare to run at me sickness 󾮖󾌮
life's a bitch she tryna do me in, but i fuck her raw she got the nuvaring
oh yeah the oxycontin 20mg oxycodone 20mg are rollin in now...very nice
username ask your doctor about fosamax if you have osteoporosis or olympic aspirations.
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hastag humira than hastag enbrel hastag rheum
my eating changes next week. i will literally be mental for the next few weeks doing that and weening off of seroquel.
rt username hastag wisewords wow seroquel really packs a punch: i was on seroquel 50mgs along with elavil 50mgs. it knocked... hyperlink
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
username i have advair discs here
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
good coffee: cheaper than prozac!
username username crl followed 2 overwhelming positive panel votes in 2010: $vrx potiga 13-0, $azn brilinta 7-1.
username don't forget the levothyroxine and the ever present omeprazole.
jcv test back negative, first tysabri infusion booked in, watch out ms i'm coming to get you! hastag msfightback
flight to kho pha ngan booked and temazepam for the 18 hour flight to bangkok sorted, knocked the fuck out sleeping face pill
curious to see why edoxaban noninferior vs superiority seen with apixaban and dabigatran. hastag aha13
enjoy a grapefruit with your latuda
username username username rather than talking about varenicline bupropian you mean?
username nuvaring has completely killed mine, i've been on it since march
just saw a commercial for symbicort supposed to improve lung function and help you breath, when listing side effects: lung infection death
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
username don't need research to tell me that sick people neither need or deserve marijuana! fda: wrong on vioxx wrong on pot hastag noresearch
username lmao klee face with tears of joy almost the exact same thing. oxycodone is the main active ingredient in percocet
latuda is a drug for bipolar depression. and the side effect is death. so that's great.
username lots of adderall
username that's super good to hear that tecfidera has been working for jim.
this is what happens when you run out of lithium seroquel get on st john's wort for spare pills.
i am ridiculously glad tomorrow is friday. it's weeks like this that really test my prozac.
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
brief-bayer says new data affirm effectiveness of xarelto as therapy for dvt
i hate the new xarelto commercial. the dietary restriction of coumadin is just eat the same number of green veggies a day.
give me my ventolin inhaler and two xenadrine
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
loling at the old lady in the miralax commercial who writes i red heart lax in the sand
oh and if you are not following the insanely talented username you should be. her book prozac nation helped me so much.
increased influenza virus activity in kerala and karnataka, india. early case detection treatment with oseltamivir will reduce mortality
username because if you have a heart problem you can't have quetiapine so try have to check just to make sure :)
anyone need an active and chill clan on hastag clashofclans ? join mine , aciphex (:
sorry i suggested imodium for diarrhea of the mouth.
yeah, i've used a little ventolin in my time. but i never inhaled.
ics related pneumoina: associated is higher with fluticasone and with higher doses. hastag asthma hastag copd hastag chest2014
username username oh lawd but that's not so bad. lol hmmmm. i'm thinking this or nuvaring
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
username username did she take cipro levaquin or avelox join us at the senate hc if you did may 9th in d.c. no press 410-483-4876 terry
only real friends put miralax in your water jug when you walk out of the room, right? pouting cat face
note to self: adderall and coffee is a no
username yea definitely mitigates the argument that they are stealing tysabri. going to be hard to pass that one over imo.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
ciprofloxacin has its tit for tat modish secondary sectors beyond comparable herbaceous, rural supplements, thyr:
$myl sold covered call myl 140719 c 55.00 for income. bullish on generic advair is the major long-term theme.
omg i am here at one of hospitals and some patient overdosed on sildenafil (viagra), his new friend is about to be amputated looooool
username works for farrrrr more than it doesn't. remicade more likely for complications/no working for crohn's than humira by far.
username gettin it done exelon braidwood flex storage, braceville , il hyperlink
i’ve seen tinkerbell before, i think. lunesta commercials? hastag peterpanlive
bila ada sifat give and take between each other . faham antara satu sama lain .
if we are creating drugs like tysabri and gilenya amongst others today, what's going to be available in ten years? hastag exciting
username ps that advice about taking metformin at night that you got from your friend is really helping me!
tell me , who i have to beeee , to get some re- cipro-city
glipizide can cause low bgs, metformin can cause gi distress hastag unitychats
endin my night wit the oxycodone
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
vyvanse at 6 pm was a fucking horrible idea.
apixaban administration during pregnancy was not harmful in rats, mice, or rabbits.
#5 adderall overdosage due to the amount of studying i'm doing
like advair is a good as drug for me
username i'm almost out of vimpat
omg the lunesta butterfly is in anastasia
username or fluticasone (flonase)
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
username username letherby or leather throat?? take the guy a lozenge for the sake of the listeners !!  hastag goleafs hastag bernier
lol just kidding guys its just metoprolol
at least the targeted advertising is appropriate. suboxone is a drug to help quit opioid addiction. hyperlink
username what is the difference between citalopram and fluoxetine?
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
username i would be interested to help you in any way i can. are u affiliated with the thalidomide society or entirely separate (2/2)
username ugh wish i could and then we would hang out and listen to cool music
username ② levofloxacin hastag drug _information hyperlink
omg, i need my ventolin inhaler...hiks....
i just google searched does gabapentin fuck you up?
maybe i'll try no quetiapine, but a zopiclone. i feel like a cocktail designer.
a hedonistic albuterol flavor and ambitious bean curd midtones are fused in the 2003 syrah from fettucini vineyards. hastag np
hastag psicommunicatingconcepts richardson with the disappoiting results of prowess-shock xigris was withdrawn.
yeah, i'm sure drinking a glass of milk, that you are allergic to, is better than taking your boniva - awesome
i've discovered nexium and today for lunch i had two burritos and an entire package of salami just because i could and omg, omg omg yessss
so now have steroid inhalers and ventolin inhalers and the doctor looking puzzled, could just be phase he says! hastag asthma
username suboxone is far superior the methadone. users want it because feeling normal yet not craving drugs is something previously...
i love phil mickelson.. but i can't take his latest enbrel commercial seriously.
hmmm. let's see, integrys is now owned by exelon and people's gas was owned by integrys. so, exelon owns gas and light? smell a jack?
username chelsea, psg, real madrid, barcelona, bayern munich, at madrid , zenit psburg . antara powerhouses ucl musim ni.
humira might cause cancer... i'd rather suffer with psoriasis.
username yeah, i feel a lot better on the enbrel and the swelling has lessened, i just struggle with motor skills sometimes. the neck
username after methotraxate and remicade failed, humira was my next option. my doctor put me on it
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
german drugmaker bayer said a phase iii trial of cancer drug nexavar in patients with advanced breast cancer fails
so, i'm playing super metroid (rom) and i'm in maridia with the fake metroids. i forgot how much the scare the hell out of me. :\
username boniva could have made a killing.
username very little is going to get in the way of their nicotine addiction.
username going after eylea and lucentis.... wowza
my ex friend the rockabilly midget has finally figured out my exuberant smiles were in fact fake. beware of prozac ladies.
*the lockdown is no longer in effect* adderall saves the day once again.
username the one wearing her nuvaring as a bracelet.
username nigga u took some adderall or something lol. ive never cleaned when stoned. wait. nvm lol
i bet anderson silva wishes he had asked his doctor about boniva like that lady from 7th heaven
eliquis dude has game. (and some hops) hyperlink
boom! rt  username $teva thrice-weekly better launch than $biib tecfidera - hyperlink
if you liked it then you should have put a nuvaring on it. hastag productplacementbeyonce
username i started at 7.2 now with crestor and 3fish oil tablets a day,down to 2.1,pretty good results in 3mths
not the unretouchedest metoprolol in the punctiliousness
username merydia soon to be otp
username at a protest, cop grabbed my ventolin pump - claimed it was a weapon, i screamed 4 grabbed me slammed me on concrete.
username you're rich have a doctor prescribe you ambien lunesta or sonata like come on
username i worked in a pharmacy that filled 40,000 rx a day when exubera was on the market, didn't fill a single rx for it.
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
that awful hour before your vyvanse kicks in where you do everything possible except what you need to do. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hastag tolerance hastag fml
they tried giving me tamiflu but i can't keep anything down so they're about to iv me username username what are they giving you?”
username hahahahaa picture iwasui handing out condoms thinking its some kind of lozenge
username i was thinking boniva and metamucil
username my favorite is the lady that demands that she be given advair one puff daily and symbicort 2puffs daily. hastag fail
humira and xelijanz are used for which condition? hastag medicine hastag health a. rheumatoid arthritis b. vericose veins c. infections d. learn at...
username *youtube experiences rush of searches for nexium commercials* my husband's response to seeing you w/o warning? aww! hee.
habit-forming telmisartan
username really need to look into cuts to ccac non coverage of more and more drugs (i.e. prolia for women only!)
miralax girl username
thank god for saphris
hastag sunovion to divest xopenex (levalbuterol) inhaln soln to akorn for $45m; retains xopenex hfa aerosol hastag pharma hastag asthma
rt username dr john buse: most impressive at #2013ada victoza+degludec= -1.9% a1c reduction insulin on steroids bit of weight loss …
username what is he taking? i'm not taking my fluoxetine if he wants some
username when i tentatively discussed maybe coming off olanzapine, my psych advised 5 years on meds, that was 3 years ago
ran out of toprol and suboxone last night. our truck comes when i get to work. yay me unamused face
astrazeneca fights billions in possible nexium damages
shoutout to my brother username blowing up the networks w/his new crestor spot - a med near dear to my dad's heart! :)
the names they come up with for these medications are so weird, like i'm not interested in taking anything called januvia
think i might need hastag xarelto but dont know why
currently fighting with my metformin medication. it's winning. i'm losing terribly! hastag infertilitysucks flushed face
put a lozenge in my mouth to stop me coughing at like 5am, woke up just now and a bit was still there hastag choke
100% loperamide
marijuana actavis promethazine purple cough syrup methadone percocet valium xanax hydrocodone adderall ritalin vicodin oxycontin
username get to the doctor woman or go to the pharmacy and get some nexium and take a hot bath!  purple heart you!
a person or a lady? *runs*rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy -the same chemical found in prozac.
women with pcod have insulin resistance. fasting insulin must be done before deciding whether metformin will benefit.
should today be a vyvanse day? or a xannie day? hmmmm.. decisions, decisions.
i imagine swallowing one's pride would taste a bit like this zinc lozenge.
username my coach said username meridia im pretty sure!
username username cite it! they can't make a wide monitoring claim for non-specific tests. no specific test exists for pradaxa
this vyvanse will get me through this 9 hour work day
hopefully all that imodium i took will get me through the game. hastag unitedinblue hyperlink
mad adderall = no sleep
lipitor did about $150b in total sales. humira will pass that. hell, nexium still sells $5b. are hep c patients less deserving?
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
username training 3al symbicort inhaler :')
the drug company merck has agreed to settle with thousands of claimants who sued over the contraceptive nuvaring
username r u on vyvanse do you have a grandiose image of self
sun. eve hastag rhony guilty-pleasure-catch up...wonder if username doc told her to rinse after ea. advair inhalation to prevent thrush.
my sisters kids are the 12 and 4 th ones, alivia, meridia and, her son kayne! and then there is josie! love them! hyperlink
my wife just noticed something, the latuda (antidepressant) commerical stars the girl who killed her babies in true detective. whoa...
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
thank god for the extra celecoxib capsule lying around. hastag stoneproblems
maybe i'm so sore because i haven't taken my suboxone for several days. it's such a pain in the arse to take though.
hopefully scoring some temazepam later
the sequel to limitless was just username selling his recipe to shire. hastag vyvanse
nfl: giants 13, fart dog. david spiriva penis
my partner is fluoxetine
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
username username it's okay, if she ever does- just make her drink diclofenac and misoprostol together. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
username gov dayton just compared medical marijuana and need for protocols to thalidomide crisis.
username interesting. liraglutide has shown some anti-inflammatory effects in humans rodents. username username
you can now add me to the list of unemployed in hastag ldnont thanks a lot effexor!
i hate the actor on this eliquis commercial.
i think i'm really going to love exelon braille bills. just one page to tell you everything. straight to the point. :p
thoracotomy patients: reduction in cpsp at 6/12 in ketamine + pregabalin group when added to usual care in perioperative period. hastag rcoaac14
my e-cig is almost dead and i haven't had any nicotine in over 4 hours
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
antara betah pengen pindah.. which i should to choose??? hastag idontknow
username unless she thought metformin acutely drops bs? which it doesn't. it's just a caddy thing to do. everyone hates the er pensive face
username its a bit calmer now like dark red/brown/purple? he's settling! i think its the olanzapine which is usually green
levofloxacin dan carboxymethilcellulose sodium hastag resep dr.santi
username pradaxa and xarelto are two. but again, depends on other health conditions thag her dr would have to determine
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac username username username
shouldn't more people be upset that there's a mostly nude lady in this imodium commercial?
username username diclofenac supps - never had a problem with bleeding.
deutsche bank cuts $eln share price target as $biib's tysabri sales miss consensus by 17%. harder still to find a buyer to beat royalty.
username how's tecfidera going now?
username username just so i'm clear, is your argument that exubera = dynatac and afrezza = iphone?
fucking crestor commercials.
3 important things about the eliquis commercial: that guy could never dunk!! x3
username &gt; cheers mate, i need to get to cipro - i love pizza!
username username highly doubt this is on anyone's radar in postmortem, similar in structure to gabapentin
username want to join viox as gfx
what a great store username is: i loss iq points, gained weight got addicted to nicotine - all in under 15 min from going in !!
username username username yep; and taking that logic one step further, ken frazier should be held responsible 4 all the vioxx deaths
username when is the army of meridia gonna get fixed?
username my perscription is legal. lol i havnt smoked week since 2006. or touched a pain pill. just my xanax and paxil
brief-glaxosmithkline ceo plays down generic advair threat
username i take four imodium a day as per my surgeon. 1 before each meal. one before bedtime. works well for me. 1-3 bms a day.
i need my nexium so badly rn
this weekends live entertainment at papa's vineyard!! fri: mike ramsey and sam hadle 6-10 sat: just george 6-10 sun: gary viox 2-6
latuda will cure your manic depressive disorder, but can reduce white blood cells.......... which can be fatal.... OK button COOL button
username i'm still on remicade for now; they decided to double my dose to try to reactivate the response. probably humira if we can't.
username had to take her boniva and go to bed, so she can't tweet the globes with me.
well sept 4th ill be starting a new medicen called tysabri .they took it off the market cause people had died.they brung it back and its for
username yeah levothyroxine worked for me in the past so should prob just stick to tried and true. just a little bummed/annoyed
sucking on a minty nic cq lozenge with my pinot grigio at the username hastag fml
username are you live tweeting the tamiflu session as well?
i'm gunna fucking overdose on this flovent shit
username when im not a newborn and still have no clue about lyrica and shawn , hastag yafeel whats going on
best line up for us this night hastag asot650 -protoculture,max graham,sean tyas...and now new world punx :) thanks to hastag violetta boneva
username no blanket orders allowed. ventolin, proair proventil r not ab rated to each, therefore no brand exchg@ericalee87 username
username i just bought miralax oops
username username well it works only because ventolin is both, so i lucked out
i need to stop finding suboxone on the streets
username does this include denosumab injections?
 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy rt username username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i listen to it
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
effexor has increased my tolerance for alcohol. i used to get drunk so easily on zoloft and lexapro.
kudos to exelon outstanding corporate counsel award recipient mary jo quinn, allstate insurance company
some of the facts about the thalidomide problems are horrific
username username it's not even medication. there is no way a dr would prescribe that with suboxone or that combo of pills
username username username ive chngd frm zonisamide to lacosamide and nt doing the job yet but we will see! so will u. :-)
rt@democritusjnr: rtlafulegebyqed: rizzo winery combines toasty albuterol overtones and a melancholy coffee perfume in their 2012 zinfand...
avastin, lucentis and eylea are effective treatments for wet macular degeneration. hastag brightchats
for type 2 diabetes fda reviewing-saxagliptin (marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr): drug safety communication - heart failure risk
username he probably forgot to take his boniva this morning
username what about cymbalta for nerve pain? would it be an option?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
saphris is of the devil.
weather alert: costume warning for crestor and a roast beef sandwich counties in gg until 6:00 pm rdt
username fox news is so shitty lol too funny username no need to head for the cymbalta
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hastag needacigarette
username username probably i have several imodium supositries just need someone to deposit them
username hence why i'm not on it yet. told her i would rather not. fluticasone is helping just... slowly. sinuses are stupid.
username ik tired face they had me on advair the entire time . but it helps .
telmisartan for dummies
package insert says that all biologics double the serious infection risk (vs placebo) except two: enbrel (1 vs 1%) simponi (2.1 v 1.9%)
username username username much better i had that for couple days my symbicort help fight it off
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
in the beginning there was bortezomib
all you need is diclofenac 75mg.
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
pass me the ventolin stat weary face .        username artist of the year hastag amas hyperlink
username pop you then pop an adderall know the drill like a lateral nigga. kendrick 12:4
hastag paphos hastag cipro hastag summer hastag sun hastag hot hastag beach hastag sea hastag smile hyperlink
is it just me, or does the drug latuda sound like it should be a gas-relief aid??
i need mimi to clear her throat and suck on a lozenge
holy shit…gained an hour? or am i off too much lunesta
i'm pretty sure at least 40% of people who go to any kind of alcohol rehab are there to trade suboxone oxycodone in the bathrooms at aa.
username i see the thalidomide is prominent in the water there.
username yeah i take lamotrigine 25mg every morning. thankfully my fits are under control. you still get fits with meds?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. chop banana till u go yo.
that enbrel must be working real nice for mickelson
username i'm again the worst mum in the world ever as not allowing a rabbit pet. we need to fall out prompto or i agree to fluoxetine!!
username is it like darvocet r is it a narcotic is it used for any pain cuz i can't take the narco drugs
advair be tripping with thier prices smh
username username no trials of pregabalin against cfs indexed in medline, so can't say. moderately effective against fibromyalgia, so maybe.
username or maybe not. grab some cranberry juice from the store. take a nice long shower. then probably pop those 2 20mg adderall bc
the miralax ads on viggle are too funny. . seriously who's gonna walk around and write i ♡ my lax everywhere. lmao
username you aren't missing anything man. 4 hours in an still stuck at maridia entrance.
hey username why you make me wait so many days for my moneyz? my cat's depressed after game of thrones and needs prozac bad! i need my money!
username i was on the lamotrigine for a while, the levetricetan is for me, stops the jerks i got . how long have you been on it?
username username username i'm totally getting a job making up names for depression drugs. effexor, abilify? try betterator!
ugh for the life of me, i couldn't remember what memantine did. i put down decrease of b amyloid not excitoxicity.
it's so annoying to shave... maybe i shouldn't try now, tho... never taken seroquel n i heard they drowsy medication
what. -me when i found a 3-year-old nuvaring in my refrigerator
strict diet of adderall and coffee today
username thanks for the follow lozenge! :)
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
comparing exubera device to $mnkd device like comparing a chevy to a porsche. mnkd device very well designed.
username i take venlafaxine (viepax) at a high dose and it makes me feel human - otherwise depression cripples me.
uncontrolled diabetes? try adding metformin to your acarbose! (via username hyperlink
well shit! the angry pt blurted stomped away after being told his md had still not called in his refill... for loperamide  hastag irony
what do you feed on? nicotine and wishful thinking. hastag lostgirl hastag truth
romcin cream 2x aday300 makinga levofloxacin and piriton tablet 1x in aday
username loperamide is the chemical name. it's the same as immodium but way cheaper
you know your getting older when you think the ”girl” in the arthritis commercial is pretty cute. lol hastag humira
play me the eliquis commercial and i will laugh every time without fail
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
but i remain on lysteda and metformin, and don't need to see the doctor until april, which is nice.
they are gonna need evidence to keep me on this olanzapine not just 2 cop witnesses especially if it interferes with me finding a job
i really love lunesta thought balloon zzz zzz zzz
i think you need cymbalta
wehhhh i refuse to take ciprofloxacin again. drug of the devillllll
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
username i still smoke cigs, kicked heroin, dilaudid, suboxone you name it but not cigs, i love my smokes. i miss my xanax i'm so wired
wikipedia lists many fine street names for temazepam – brainwash, bonsai, drunk pills, edinburgh eccies – but the best one is wobbly eggs.
username he really needs to be taking something because i know the pain is awful at times. he needs to ask his gp about gabapentin
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
username oh, ugh, say no more then and have extra hugs :( i know how much fluoxetine sucks. if it helps, anagraine is great for nausea
enjoyed a great lunch at hastag economicclubofwash featuring hastag christophercrane hastag ceoexelon exelon just bought pepco
username i had a sinus infection and strep at the same time, but i just finished the levaquin on wednesday
username username i find 30mg of temazepam twice daily and counting to ten in my head keeps most of the transformations at bay.
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
picking up mom at the cath center st bernard's 40% blockage but no stent just crestor type meds low fat diet i guarantee she will have bacon
username username i took it for my arthritis. did enbrel for a while too.
brief-merck says to pay $100 mln to resolve all u.s. nuvaring product liability cases
username it is completely crazy. amgen has a program that makes enbrel free for some people, at least. hyperlink
me i want an apology party bae goes i need an apology party cause your nuvaring ain't work
couldn't care about falkirk right now more interested in the abilities of imodium before an 8hour flight hastag dubai
this lozenge tastes like shit !!!
username try ventolin tablet.
someone just snap chatted me asking me if i needed adderall for finals... lol!
username indeed, jonathan. thanks. denosumab is also a good candidate but will try a bisphosphonate first
username abe is probably running low on imodium a-d
ibuprofen was the most commonly prescribed agent (51% of current users), followed by diclofenac (27%), etodolac (11%), naproxen (3%),
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
media bias username username evident when not telling complete story regarding hastag flushots hastag pregnancy example: afluria hyperlink
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
whoa! out of my metoprolol and can't get any til monday morning.
jefferies analysts believe nexium will be a key swing factor for the generic wave in 2015.
username maybe if you latuda it will left your spirits hastag truefeelings
username i'm on prozac, prolixin and lunesta and i feel no different.
username after 321 deaths, the median survival was significantly longer in the sorafenib group (10.7 months vs. 7.9 months on placebo; haz
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
fosamax side effects esophagus problems hypocalcemia bone, joint, or muscle pain osteonecrosis unusual thigh bone fractures
i thought nuvaring is like a cock ring for bottom
what is the advantage of the nuvaring over the pill or patch? seems so much more inconvenient
of the 5 finalists there's a commendation for tysabri avonex by dice med comms for biogen idec hastag pmawards
username i'm weening off hastag quetiapine and i've got to go back to psychiatrist nxt wk. for now going back to hastag amilsulpride i'm relieved!
trenton, n.j. — electricity company exelon it will close the nation's oldest oyster creek nuclear power plant in 2019
avandia may prevent diabetes for high risk people
rt username $biib price increases for ms drugs avonex by another 7.5%, third time in 12mo-&gt; ↑19% tysabri by another 9.4%, third time i…
anyone on neurontin or know what it is? i just got prescribed to it.
username this is a counter to efavirenz from the username new treatment guideline. but if this works, quite good then… cheers
username k-stew: prozac for the new generation :d
username username username it's all too late! the horse bolted long ago! cameron is reaching for the imodium as ukip is on the rise!
another day of rest healing. tysabri and mris tomorrow. staying in bed with fluids, drugs and plex.
til diclofenac gel works -exceptionally- well for shaving rash.
so gi consultant says no inflammation so humira working but may have to up dose. pain could be scar tissue so mri booked to investigate.
username yes starting a new drug called tysabri tomorrow mri scans friday. how are you?
kv diary 4/27/14 9:30 am 116 1/2 lbs 1 pristiq 1 bowl lucky charms 49 hours since last cry
username is divi's supplying valsartan to rbxy?n was the divi's plant inspection by fda the final clearance needed for rbxy 2 launch?
username 6 pilihan warnanya antara lain 1.natural beige 2.brown shade 3.mellow peach 4.clove 5.dark brown 6.honey bee hastag quizfanbo
username effient though and it works
username 700?! are you in any statins for this? like simvastatin or atorvastatin
username remicade until i developed antibodies to it around 2005. started humira same year, so 8 years. you're in great britain?
novo nordisk hastag pauladeen have mutually agreed to suspend patient education activities for now (deen endorses its diabetes drug victoza)
username will he arrive on a giant lozenge?
i think lozenge is such an underrated word
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
username ...my mum on humira for her back. fingers crossed for the both of you :) xo
ema deciding that januvia and other glp-1 related drugs don't deserve new warnings strikes me as a big deal. $mrk
rt username vyvanse and adderall should be advertised and sold as a pill for cleaning.
well physio tomorrow, just been thinking, since i started tysabri two years ago, i haven't relapsed or progressed ! from aggressive to stop!
i was put on adderall zoloft strattera wellbutrin b4 i was 16 and now im a perfect boy o:)
also literally how depressed nbc sounds now. let's get them some fluoxetine
username much cleaner than boniva et al? or does it have to do with enrollment criteria and other smoke and mirrors?
what idiot wears their nuvaring as a bracelet??? lmao
username yep correct. took it for 2 years of hell, then went on infliximab , then humira and then surgery.
secukinumab superior to enbrel in hastag psoriasis treatment. save on your rx w/our free drug discount card!:ttp://bit.ly/16zrncy
username mine is on prozac now. need a long term solution that does not involve injury.
every sildenafil in the book
$bdsi smart, improving delivery of proven drugs a low risk strategy. suboxone success makes me think injectable has shot vs. say vivitrol
btw i'm all for natural theta hydro cannibus it's much better than xanax paxil abilify oxy chantix wellbutrin bs prednisone
fixodent and crestor ads, what demographic am i in?  hastag maddow
hoffman: apixaban denied for acs based on data we have not seen but due to increased bleeding compared to coumadin and no benefit hastag acep13
username it's prob levaquin and it's a heavy duty antibiotic. get cystex helps me every time!
mum's aranesp / dpo seems to be kicking in hastag doping hastag cycling hastag anaemia
username yeah i got levaquin
username username only just starting to kick in as buprenorphine blocks it. last night was the first sleep i got since sunday.
i like the feeling that oxycodone pills gives me
username the bad musician mentions thalidomide so i will mention him when you mention thalidomide! also listen to it don't watch it
$aezs jury verdict in favor of astrazeneca in nexium pat litigation
refa enterprises, llc issues voluntary nationwide recall of forever beautiful bee pollen due to undeclared sibutramine and phenolphthalein
the sinister secret of lipitor, crestor and zocor i got an e-mail.
50 years ago one moron set out to war against poverty. i wish he knew that the only effient way to combat it is through education.
i swear 4 years ago this actress endorsed boniva and now she's on a prolia commercial. i see how the tables have turned.
skor akhir pertandingan antara arsendal vs manchester united 1-2 matches this week manchester united vs hull city hastag ggmu hastag iamunited
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username yeah, pristiq is super expensive. :-(
username i think patients who take tysabri generally want to know if they could be at risk for pml.
username //wow. i just posted that fanart of meridia today.
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hastag msissucky
i just want to take a trazodone and sleep through today
this commercial for victoza tho.... 10% benefits 90% anaphylaxis + death hastag done
hastag rehab hastag drug hastag drugs opiates dont affect me but...: i've taken vicodin (30 mg at once) and oxycodone (40 mg at once)... call 888-656-0067
to learn the costumes and suzanne collins. a steve smith zostavax lizard in yongsing the pope elephant oh, excuse you. # you gwen stefani
i need a throat lozenge *ricola horn*
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
we're happy 2c januvia perform better this quarter - hastag mck is investing heavily.
rt username even when i have nothing to do i feel like i should take my vyvanse so i don't feel so worthless hastag unproductive hastag vyvanse…
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
now drinking alcohol and i'm on fluoxetine, this should be fun
i wanna thank thotkolandis for bringing advair back into my life like whats an inhaler face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes squinting face with tongue username
username i've been off enbrel for 20 days now. surprisingly little pain so far. doc cleared me to restart today.
guess who just purged her gmail for the first time in five years. vyvanse wins this round!
username username username username username username username i need cymbalta pills hastag depressed
i think about 99% of the students in the library are jacked up on adderall right now
di antara do or not to do....jd confused again...hahahaha
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username just a case: permanent af in icd-biv (refractory to amio/numerous ecv) &gt; ranolazine for angina &gt; sr within one month (carelink)
study finds cholesterol-lowering drug atorvastatin (brand name lipitor) affects the body’s ability to handle blood sugar in women with pcos
this vyvanse straight fucked me up today
funniest adderall had me like... tweet by far face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy username username username hyperlink
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
whatever the fuck is in viibryd must be really intense for it to cause that bad a reaction in me on only 10mg
not taking my adderall for 9 hours of traveling was not the right move
username i'm a 'difficult bleeder' and really difficult to find a vein. they do monitor the site though. with my humira i must alternate
i take my pristiq with a latté every morning. it's my anti-depresso espresso!
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
jesus, that was close. left my metformin on the desk maxx nearly ate it. did not want to spend saturday night username kitty cat er.
antara bestnya mrsm nii, you'll get a lot of tshirts beaming face with smiling eyes there's one for homeroom, class, rumah sukan, baju maktab and else.
username i'm on paxil for that so trust... i understand!
the pictures that old lady takes in that eliquis commercial suck.
username i've loved sally forever. the boniva is working.
mother nature, it's great that you finally showed up yesterday but i gotta put my nuvaring back in tomorrow so... ? i need you gone.
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
username username username fda approved vioxx. vioxx killed how many?? hastag cdcvax” lol
much rather have a '12 black/black x5 with 8,000 miles from an exelon exec...but there's no accounting for taste. hastag ravaravadoo
today i am hastag thankful for tamiflu and z-pak and sisters who bring cinnamon rolls to my room
crestor sounds like some kind of giant b-movie raptor.
i'm going to need ventolin after this... hastag sonsofanarchy hastag soa
username remember, nuclear utilities like exelon also have coal, gas, and renewables in rate structure. role ambiguity much?
username had ativan and xanax and neither works. i'm waiting for ins approval for zyprexa for my nausea, but its an antipsychotic too
hastag myquitsmokingmessage there is enough nicotine in 4 or 5 cigs to kill an average adult if ingested whole.
i think i seen meridia slapping mephala. why
wishing i had a lozenge hastag sorethroat
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
3 weeks without albuterol or a rescue inhaler and no advair raising hands ...
glad that's over. now if i can just get more vyvanse, i'll be goodz
my 3rd lozenge :(
antara benda basic ppl like to reply to certain tweets the accuracy me me as a parent dan diselangi dengan emoji menangis.
varenicline triples likelihood of a successful quit attempt but support needed hastag pcrsukconf2014
chateau smith mixes smoky albuterol elements and a well-hidden sage bouquet in their 2012 chenin blanc. hastag porn
denosumab better than zoledronic acid (end-point: radiologic sre). hastag pca hastag eau14
rt@dani deeh: username i heard of tysabri. should work good on ms. but serious side effects as well :(” that's why i'm terrified!
sildenafil citrate. world drug. now studied thoroughly.
just gave landon his first dose of miralax beaming face with smiling eyes
i was almost 300 pounds. i would drink water and gain 15 pounds. now my synthroid is calibrated a little high. it's great
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
playing with the nuvaring demo vag at the gyno office and i just don't get it. i just can't make it up to the cervix. flushed face
username i am for now. on 3wks of cipro and more post op and the surgery will help clear it up. thanks and glad u are better now! wohoo
username i don't use biologics at the moment had a bad time on enbrel only use painkillers and diclofenic
username i went from humira to remicade -also on pentasa and entocort hastag blehdrugs
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
username all because of his school environment so now he is on 2 doses of 125mg flovent 2x a day all school year - come on really?
dudes gettin high off suboxone in rikers. hastag chinitas
username username media orthodoxy enforcers you just won the imodium award for use of verbal diarrhea to convey a simple concept
i plan on being in bed by 8 am and sleeping til at least 5 pm wishin' i had that lunesta but i guess a bunch of otc sleep aids will do
fosamax is used to prevent/treat osteoporosis in post-menopausal women, reduce risk of hip/spinal fractures, increase bone mass in men.
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
they've used sildenafil to treat hypertension. sildenafil is viagra...
reading through several articles of the german medicines law...jesus, why did i wanted to write about thalidomide again?
username username genocidal bastards. they know that tamiflu isn't worth a flying fuck and does more harm then good.
username username hastag pharmacists recognize nuvaring warnings as consistent with those for most oral contraceptives
hastag esccongress2013 nicholls: aliskiren sweet spot may be mildly hypertensive patients.
top 5 gim papers 2013: apixaban great, mediterranean diet awesome, change practice for pt safety,easy on the transfusions/steroids hastag csim2013
username top-up made, pls check that s77 trb has been recognised-correct vehicle(vauxhall antara not toyota)- account number: 1000857090
fluoxetine, do yo thang
seeing lyrica commercials make me spin into terrible and painful memories. you couldn't pay me to take it ever again.
username i was on naproxen and now i'm on enbrel.
ugh not this fuckin boniva chick
username are you getting trouble breathing at night? i have to have ventolin now and then just to sleep :/
username anybody had the medication vimpat
username i teach them to love everyone, but understand what our crestor intended. tough love is difficult without god
am i the only one that wants to see dominique wilkins do a windmill dunk in that victoza prescription drug ad?
i feel like 50 years old taking this crestor shit man
username abilify is the top drug in sales $$$,,,not in #'s sold username about $30/tab (all strengths). synthroid is the us's most prescribed
username he’s off grain, unless we can’t get him to eat his pergolide capsule. what would be a good way to still incorporate those?
(ostomax) diclofenac potassium tablet 50mg is a pain-relief medication that is co, painful menstrual periods, and general pain.
done for like a thalidomide in a thumb war hastag spelling
username username username like many power companies, both exelon and entergy own a mix of re, nuclear and fossil.
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
username username username username like thalidomide dalkon shield prozac &amp;c medicine does much good but considerable harm too
username it'll be interesting to see how the miralax and pepto work together. will they balance out or will one amplify the other?
username username thanks for the lecture! less cipro, more bactrim for utis is what it translates to for me
dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hastag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hastag ehraeuropace
username went for ithaka, antara :d was so lovely going back to college :)
username dr just prescribed me a normal full sized ventolin there. think your dr / pharmacist is having you on.
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
impact wrestling that's nearly agnez mo bobo whales pox the things you borrow. belgium mushy champion frequent belching enbrel
when oxycodone is needed tired face
the crestor commercials are literally so stupid
neurologist verdict is less viibryd and probable ptsd. starting with a psychologist for cbt and better ptsd drugs. along with neurologist.
rt username the commercial said enbrel can cure your plaque psoriasis and the only side effects are cancer, hepatitis b and multiple sc…
i always forget to take my humira shot.
username username i need metformin just to,look at that picture...! ;)
hastag pittmpnc metformin is category b - safe to use throughout pregnancy hastag timetochangepractice
take a fuckin paxil and chill the fuck out
hope username considers what the men of grunenthal did to 1000s babies with thalidomide as a moral damage and will suggest sanctions
i'm on that good vyvanse and alcohol
that pristiq commercial with the wind up people is the depression
username i hope pray perez takes her advice amanda takes her prozac.
$gild first-line combination of ambrisentan and tadalafil reduces risk of clinical failure compared to monotherapy in pah outcomes study
if lunesta didn't come in a generic i wouldn't be able to afford sleep
username username i think it's called lozenge rock”.
i discovered wonderful nasal spray fluticasone , i think its by prescription only.
in need of a lozenge
username man it's just u n me lozenge had abandoned us
canadian online pharmacy: i'm sending you vioxx instead... remember... take it all at once
if i get pregnant again im suing nuvaring for false advertisment
lmao when customers coem through my line w miralax and im like lmao u cant poop
username i'm on lamictal, ativan, zyprexa, and prozac.
with as bad as my sleeping habits were over spring break, red bull adderall might be my only option to get me through the week.
george metformin hastag drugstorecelebrities
i sat next to a group of frat stars on a train and i learned for college: 1. take a lot of vyvanse 2. be drunk all the time 3. handjobs suck
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username don't tell ross
why would they want a repeat of what happened with azt with aids or thalidomide with morning sickness relief
huzzah. tramadol and cymbalta and restoril really are the only cocktail i need for my bipolar disorder.
sources say: to supply apis for diovan generic divi's lab price:1419 change: +61.55 percent change: +4.53%
hastag ers2014 tue hall b2-31 12:50 patients frequently experience a delay in specialist referral, often being misdiagnosed with copd
is it made from your gum in your mouth ( lasah) tradjenta
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
i ain't makin it thru the week without oxycodone in something
username miralax stat
prozac is a stubborn twat
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
nicotine and faded dreams
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
username sibutramine for slimming (usu. mixed in slimming products), dexamethasone to reduce inflammatory pain.
rt username continued hastag etanercept tx reduces work activity impairment in rheumatoid arthritis hastag ra, per username study hyperlink
username albuterol is not an inhaled steroid. advair, singulair (pill form) qvar are steroids to prevent frequent asthma attacks.
username cravings to eat paper hahahaha. well we all know who's been down with crestor since day one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
study of blood clot drug pradaxa unnerved its maker, documents suggest
username get that boy some imodium
username if you don't mind me asking, have you ever taken a medication called effexor (venlafaxine) ?
hastag tips. sodium alendronate belongs to the subgroup of nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates; it acts as a potent inhibitor of osteoclast.
username a familymember has baclofen for his dystonia so that how i came up with it - couldnt find much about it online
mt username  hastag drhobbylobby, can’t get nuvaring. i’m considering wedging a small, seasonal wreath in my hoo-ha. thoughts? username
what is the concern about concomitant administration of buprenorphine with amiodarone?
username i'm tamiflu and nose sprays and etc
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
username username s.korean han syndrome includes acute pain in one's guts and bowels maybe they should take some imodium pills.
'efficacy and safety of donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, and memantine for the treatment of ad. a systematic review and meta-analysis'
dex last night tonight and it's velcade today. the fight continues. hastag myelomasucks
username can't wait! esotr: meridia fishing event tonight username 8pm et! bait provided, just bring your ep char to bleakrock wayshrine!
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
username getting ready to start tecfidera on thursday.
username i’ve seen daily dexilant work wonders.
username um, i suggest a lozenge, but go for it. lol.
username my psych dropped after an insurance change so iam coming off cymbalta, adderall, klonopin, mirtazapine and gabapentin
sucampo files patent infringement lawsuit against dr reddy's for amitiza username username username username
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hastag routinewreck
spiriva hastag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
if phil michelson does enbrel commercials isn’t jay cutler destined for lexapro commercials?
good night meridia i love you everything is okay babe i'm here for you and always will be have fun upnorth call me when you're home red heart face blowing a kiss
hi username my insurance has said that your medication victoza is not part of their formulary. can you work with me to change this?
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hastag nap time for this girl. stupid hastag medications hastag paxil hastag trazodone hastag seroquel
99%+ safer hastag ecigs, millions w/wide,no death/disease 10yrs. demonised by some ph pushing 94-97% failure rate nrt very dangerous varenicline
i can feel cancer flowing through my blood today. a year ago i was on velcade chemo, now i wondering how soon until i'm on chemo again.
username drugs like vioxx are approved with rct's. anecdotes from doctors reported increased heart attack risk in patients.
username i've got some symbicort for that if you need it hastag goodstuff
username ( hastag darkelsasl) - better than she could have ever imagined. the smile that meridia have her made her heart soar. she looked -
for those who missed my saturday query? anyone on venlafaxine (in guatemala, btw)? got me some questions.
8:03 pm ch. 6.3 i melted when i saw a spiriva elephant ad. he got to go for a ride in a convertible. then the man took him to see a fair.
do u always take ur meds on time? do u ever stop w/o asking ur doctor? here are all the risks associated with humira(tm)!! got all that?
username username username username username i'm suboxone certified for the treatment of opioid addiction. you can stop now
did i mention i had to leave work today as got too stoned on painkillers? looks like either pregabalin is crap or doesn't mix w codeine.
username or some imodium to help him through the show
username donate username username username rna virus hastag ebola try oseltamivir for secondary warm contacts .risk/benefit favorable
username i'm betting no. seeing as the big money is in making metformin and the research was funded by california grapefruit growers co-op
i really want to discuss tysabri with someone! why is there no ms society here :'( :'( hastag dies
yung developing physical addiction to loperamide
varenicline (chantix) is a nicotinic receptor partial agonist—it stimulates nicotine receptors more weakly than nicotine itself does.
suboxone is no joke
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hastag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
username celecoxib lang
username tell me about it i'm getting my cardio to increase my metoprolol because my heart is racing
rt username dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hastag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis...
victoza volunteered as tribute to shovel the snow for my mom face with tears of joy face with tears of joy mariefiero username username username hyperlink
no, no, i tried felbatol in the summer along with tegratol, then i tried vimpat and got onto zoloft near the end of the summer...but was i
everyone's always upset in my house. damn, take a prozac
username username this, reopening a superfund site for exelon hq bldg and the crude oil shipments... not suprised
some lady on the t just asked me if i had any suboxone or smack i could sell her... i'm wearing a business suit
tonight on la strada: diana nyad translates imodium ad; reggie bush wins sweater
train ace somers call him imodium ad a stomach-ache press got really above
i had a big ass cup of miralax last night. disappointed face
i could've played for the orlando magic but they found suboxone in my jacket
na imodium fit do rt username hope you have flagyl close by username breakfast don't hate on my culinary skills hyperlink
i think i hang out at exelon plaza like 3/5 days of the week. found my loop spot
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hastag soreashell
vyvanse trades are the best lmfao
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
officially addicted to nicotine
username zyrtec + fluticasone nasal spray is my savior.
username still time to get a flu shot and talk to your doctor to see if tamiflu makes sense if you do get the flu and see them fast.
hundreds of fosamax lawsuits vs. merck ordered readied for trial
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hastag talkintoons !
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
username i just retweeted some cardiology news regarding dabigatran post af ablation to make u feel at home! lol
username username username yeah whoops sorry latuda
wonder if dave is on the imodium after ukips latest success ?
username i'm on tysabri currently but it's not working :( hoping it is working for you. cute pic!
i skipped my latuda (for bipolar) the other night because i was fasting and i can only take latuda with food
thank god for xanax and suboxone saving my life today
username username username thalidomide given as an anti sickness drug was around 60/61, i know, my mum was given it. #50yearsish
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
can't believe i asked my doctor to put me back on geodon. actually i wish he would have put me back on geodon
username we are at the game but food hasn’t settled right. where can i buy some imodium at blf?
username ask to move onto symbicort , i used to use 2 ventolins a month, now i dont even know i have asthma.
3 cups of miralax later...that's my dinner face with tears of joy
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
is it possible for levaquin to cause massive pain in my joints? hastag medical hastag query
username remind me in four days when the lacosamide and keppra levels finally come back.
username i have to take victoza and metformin and insulin and forixgal just to get through the day so try that pasta thing
smoked that mj. no more anxiety. paxil is a joke. legalize it.
gabapentin / pregabalin for pain. amantadine or b12 for fatigue. ssri for depression. laxatives. don't forget to manage the symptoms of ms
good news. doc giving me xarelto + sending me on my way. need to see specialist once home need to find a flight home. thx for prayers!
username have a cuppa while i wait for the sildenafil to kick in.
bayer says xarelto and eylea drugs near peak sales in 5-6 yrs
it's humira night! syringe
chevrolet orlando- spacious, fuel effient and perfoming... its a car to buy for someone like mewuz gt a large family and many friends
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
hastag celebrex commercial tries to tell ppl only celebrex is celebrex. but thts just a brand. celecoxib is the generic version a lot cheaper.
rivaroxaban is also approved for treatment and prevention of deep vein clots, as in our patient in this username case. hastag npacme
username what do you use? i can use albuterol, but advair was the expensive one i wanted to take preventatively.
rt username disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hastag anxious
all the same, forward spite of paxil medicamentation, high blown willpower and a divine breath hope to god in or:
where is that cymbalta
probably going to get into trouble next time i see the gp as i've decided to try and wean myself slowly off quetiapine.
username username question about sleeping probs at night. anyone else encountering this?baclofen perhaps? cheers x
well, royce drank his juice w| miralax in it, hopefully it works. persevering face persevering face persevering face
username but it has nicotine in it you know. but no harmful effects of smoking a burning cigarette.
1030am text: hey so i read this thing online that says focalin is like coke adderall is like meth but what does that mean for dosage?
username we were diagramming outfield coverage with beer bottles, viox drank yours lol
username i was thinking about vultures/ diclofenac yesterday. as you do.
really have to get rid of all these adderall vyvanse !!
who's gonna turn up with me and a giant bottle of oxycodone this evening?
i was supposed to manually apply our zostavax order today. do you think anyone in my entire district knew how to do it? spoiler, they didn't
username with sav n meridia for like 20 more minutes.
you know you're a fur when medication commercials annoy you, but you get happy with that one symbicort commercial with the old big bad wolf.
username i was worried about you. did you have a bad episode due 2 humira or is it not working for you?
hastag fda approves noven's brisdelle (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause
username username gotcha, and read it, i didn't know it was a exelon site as i am a share holder of exelon, thanks for the input
so long didn't use ventolin evohaler but it's ok, asthma already less
someone get username some seroquel, pls.
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
username really? have you gotten your synthroid yet?
hey there kraken this is trazodone, trazodone meet kraken and his friend sleepy time.
hugh grant joss whedon and have diarrhea east ghee flovent hfa daniel clowes paper cooks thought maybe taxes george washington
i need crestor
oxycodone is beautiful in helping numb my pain. thank god for this prescription or i would be miserable
username you got diarrhea? told some imodium
username ... ibs active with ibd in remission. they're fine with imodium but very wary of any sort of infection while on infliximab.
stomach hurting like shit and i feel dirty as hell. and this is a sign....showerrrrrrr n miralax username
if a side effect of latuda isn't flatulence, i call bullshit.
sandoz has sued roche-amgen for their 'submarine' patents on enbrel that expire after april 2029. one of counts is 'laches in prosecution'
username yes. you poop more and feel much better. i had a colonoscapy and then my doc told me to do the miralax daily
caffeine, nicotine stubbing your toe. the fool proof way of waking up. hastag toesofsteel
username username username i've been taking crestor for 3 years with no problems, strong as ever.
pregabalin (lyrica) plus weed is a real good combo. i've been so nice to people
the amount of times i have lost my symbicort is ridiculous hastag whereforartthou
username username why? $ gild bought cv for 1.5bln. ranexa sales are $370 in 2012 $430mln in 2013. they'll start printing $$ next yr
(also, saw someone mixing miralax at the continental breakfast this morning. made my day)
just thinking about eliquis makes you start bleeding
i just don't want to be on synthroid forever. hopefully, it'll be temporary.
azithromycin and levofloxacin use are linked with increase risk of cardiac arrhythmias and death hastag health
username haha dangg candy never gets old! ;) unless your at username 's house with nicotine m&amp;ms
the neurontin is working double exclamation mark i have been usually social and chatty today double exclamation mark  hastag neurontin hastag gabapentin hastag medication # pill
username calls: atomoxetine 60mg tabs (1 daily) with melatonin 5mg capsules (1 at night) but atomox tabs don't exist melatonin unlicensed?
username username ibuprofen helps only slightly for me. i used to take darvocet until it got pulled from the market. been on 5mg of
username septic hastag abortion treatment is dilation and curettage and iv antibiotics, such as levofloxacin and metronidazole”
username dump a whole container miralax in a pitcher of prune juice and hit the gym
username i believe that pristiq occasional marijuana in gestation may reduce the symptoms tremendously.
explore study: tecfidera three times a day added to interferon or copaxone. 108 patients. safety good but tolerability an issue.
tysabri sales fell 2% y-o-y but revenues increased 38% after hastag biogen acquired rest of tysabri rights from hastag elan. hastag elan watchers look closely
i need a fucking cymbalta
username it's the 10th anniversary since merck finally withdrew vioxx from the market after slaughtering tens of thousands.
username i have expired tamiflu and a lot of bourbon
username username username username username norice too has eaten something disagreeable , hastag military two step - imodium
halftime beverage = halftime meds ... levaquin with a chaser of robitussin. (don't judge!) ; ) hastag cheers hastag zappos  hastag custserv
if king david had prozac we wouldn't have the psalms.... ~ mark lowery
forgot to take my enbrel today, funny how my caddie is nicknamed bones hastag psoriatic hastag arthritis
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
the first piano note in this pristiq commercial always makes me think blood on the leaves about to play
username that makes no sense. if you have failed enbrel and humira isn’t that 2 lower than remicade?
username username yeah, i just picked up my trazodone refill a couple hours ago. haven't slept for shit in about three days.
genius nuvaring integration in hastag newgirl hastag birthcontrol is so tough to do for hastag brandedentertainment kudos to whatever agency did that!
username i've just come off fluoxetine... only been on that... for too long...
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
dear sally field, can once monthly boniva cure my astounding hangover? yours truly, hastag hopeful
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
you can't spell alchohol and seroquel witout..dens fjen..dbsrjtvrh rjeb..a djdne sibehejdin dkbwb blarrrg!!! roar!!!
how anybody follows that nikola bonova is beyond me. she is an absolute horror. and tweets as if she's beyonce. total weapon pistol
username they must make lunesta for children, hahaha. omg my kids need that.
username suboxone is stupid expensive
1 adderall does nothing for me.
oh finals week, when i tried to ask for advil or tylenol but accidentally put the two words together and asked for adderall out loud. lol
username i'm particularly disappointed that one of the people who taught me ebm is behind the cochrane tamiflu trial.
hello hastag bpdfriends et al. ladies specifically, if you take/have taken hastag quetiapine / hastag seroquel i'd like to have a dm chat- msg me please, ty!
username i've been on it (alongside quetiapine) for two years but just getting stable. really would prefer not to mess with my...
rt username we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, …
username i am on duloxetine and i think my body would be asleep 24/7 if i let it.
we have a concern from a member,  have you been advised to stay away from children with chicken pox while on tysabri ?
nigga said he the shit i'm loading up imodium choppa drum roll in em aw my niggas crazy please dnt approach em
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
rolling around naked in my 45 suboxone strips like its some goddamn drug porno
risk of gi bleeding higher for pradaxa than warfarin; risk of mi similar on both drugs. overall safety profile slightly superior to warfarin
celecoxib 400mg cap stat! ow yea. i miss. with tambalang melpol! hastag potd hastag pain hastag pfizer hastag protein hastag awesome hastag ignation ... hyperlink
rosuvastatin reduces plaque volume in stemi patients!!
...to humanity of course. no mention of doing same to nicotine gum, lozenges, or crappy inhalers. or banning fags that harm us everyone...
u know what i love more than studying on a weekend? shitty adderall connects.
username username fuck prozac, cocaine and ecstasy is what you need. and temazepam and speed. works for me.
username username username username ok na. imodium for the win.
does boniva also reverse the aging process? hastag oscars hastag sallyfield
common man company you are thinking of uloric which is a medication that decreases uric acid and helps the symptoms of gout.
rt username the role of denosumab for prevention of skeletal-related complications in multiple myeloma (july/august): obje... hyperlink
username username some of the items are just damn unpleasant to get, especially the shinespark to get the missile at maridia
username not ventolin, but my ventolin sef doesn't last that long to now coman expire lool
on the wings of lunesta to help with your siesta
username you need to go to the doctor and ask them to put you on flovent the inhaler that you take twice a day 2 puffs
username oh. now i know. xpenah try. sblum ni.minum air panas perah lime skit. after use ventolin
username just changed from mst to oxyconton plus on prozac cocodamol losec pregabalin zinc tabs calcium oromorph diazepam antibiotics
username haha i ran out of that i'm glad! made me feel awful! i'm going on gabapentin soon!
username methadone, tramadol, zanaflex, xanax, effexor, my sis, my niece, my dad.
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
username welcome home hunnie, want some tea with that olanzapine ?
suboxone is a miracle drug if it is used properly. however, many abuse it now so they can use on the weekends. hastag drphil hastag enablingfamily
username yesterday govt sent lubiprostone to tuq after having it he is feeling a little relieved. he mentioned in his speech 1/2
shinny life post crestor
username not even noon and lunesta is already sick of brandi's shit.
time for more levaquin (the nuke of antibiotics) hastag prostatitis
fda accepts regeneron's eylea sbla for macular edema following brvo for standard review; pdufa target action date is october 23, 2014
(2/4) e of the meds: (for diab)- metformin er succinate victoza , (for blood pres)_lisinopril metprolol er succinate, (for cholester ...
darvocet hittin hard
unless it's adderall if you fuck with that please fuck with me if you trying to cop
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
kik: vioxx - if you want to chat about stupid bullshit.
(3)...but i still have to take a metformin pill once a day and i'm still a diabetic. i made an appointment to see a dietician because i...
username username username some of my pain is neuropathic in origin, tried gabapentin - side effects stopped that one. -triptylines too.
username woke up cant breath! thanks for taking away advair 500, which worked for me. your penny pinching is costing me my health!
ciprofloxacin is my fav med to pronounce.
bacharier: is the pt on high dose ics? (&gt;=500 mcg fluticasone equivalent + additional controller) hastag acaai
username i got a steroid shot. he didn't send in the zpack for some reason maybe bc the tamiflu was $132
my mum is offering me nicotine lozenges.. bitch fuck off manz needs a fag
glad to see sally field could stop taking boniva long enough to make it to the show. hastag ronfezoscarparty
well it's been a shit day went for my tysabri after 4attempts couldn't access the port so home i went with a banging headache!how's ya all
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i'll always love meridia though
my beagles name is latuda latuda ii. we're fighting crime at the dog park on this lovely afternoon. hyperlink
medical professionals on my feed...any thing i need to know about this med: lamotrigine. it's being used to treat bipolar teen.
xarelto side effect: may cause bleeding, most of which is serious and sometimes leads to death that sounds fantastic.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
popped one 15 mg ($12) oxycodone omw to work
think she was buying some imodium oops to late confused face hyperlink
hastag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
username i've never heard of victoza but i am glad it helped. this journey has been suprisingly emotional and painful. this2shallpass
does anybody want to buy some yorkshire duck paté? tamiflu extra. 200€ genail. hastag backinthefridgeagain
who the crap is this guy talking to in this eliquis commercial?
suboxone wrapper layin on the floor of the work truck lolol these cats are outta control
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
username what u takin xanax unprescribed face with tears of joy or geodon face with tears of joy u need geodon lol
ticagrelor trade name is brilinta (misspelled on slide). you don't need to know trade names.
username etanercept currently available&amp;has been shown to stall alzheimer's attack/my take:don't mess with nature.address own health
username username imodium too!
mexican females bodies outchea looking like adderall pills n shit.
who has taken my fucking fluoxetine?
pfizer's 10-year-old leukemia drug mylotarg increases the chance of a african american male that makes it accessible and appealing to the
scopes, scans appointments to attend. hopefully humira be back i better again. peace out for now im off to wage war on crohns. x x x
apixaban can be used in esrd :- recommended dose for esrd pt on hd is 5 mg bd. for pt ≥80 years or body wt ≤60 kg, reduce dose to 2.5 mg bd
case 1: short-acting oxycodone has anxiolytic effects, which is why pts who have been using it for anxiety don't like the er.  hastag projectecho
mike broemmel is a convicted felon but michael odegard is mentally ill doesn't take zyprexa. who knows who he could be out slaughtering.
username want to join viox
rt username i got a call from username explaining fully how cipro is fucking him up but he's getting it sorted.
the theory here is hastag jacquelinebisset was experiencing a boniva overdose exacerbated by a couple glasses of champagne. hastag goldenglobes
buying viagra in uk over the counter viagra kaufen mallorca overnight cialis tadalafil
tamiflu is my worst enemy. ever.
username why did express scripts remove advair from its list of approved meds? alternatives don't work as well.
username just denied sex and nicotine.
denosumab solves shortcoming speaking of dig dissipation up-to-the-minute crew including prostate wen: .nzv
username unfortunately, no evidence that ip care is effective. only proven effective tx is maintenance on buprenorphine or methadone
did fed. grand jury on ham. co. suboxone clinic case fail to indict andrew dollard but username pros.lee buckingham prosecuted the case?
tonight's matchup: twitter vs. trazodone. one an addicts dream and the other an attempt to slow even the fastest of minds. who will prevail?
t. gondii and at least ten others including tapeworm spike nf-kappab, which spikes tnf-alpha. remicade, embrel, humira all block tnf-alpha.
too much coffee + temazepam = weird dreams tonight cyclone
username diclofenac tablets are the best for back pain. i had crippling pain for weeks but it sorted it out in two days
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
headache definitely not as bad today and the cymbalta needs some timing adjustments.
username username i have a low dose of trazodone to help me sleep otherwise i wouldn't especially when hastag happymental
username nader ought to read the chapters on me too drugs and vioxx in drug truths - at least understand what he's arguing against.
my naked grandparents just escaped the fenced in area out back. gonna have to get a bottle of boniva and some bengay to lure them back
latuda to treat bipolar depression. because increased prolactin and leaky nipples as side effects isn't depressing at all.
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
i need to go take a miralax cause i'm pretty sure i'm still constipated. i thought that jade dragon would make me blow it out my butthole
.@nickhook 'k-hole (candyflip remix)' free dl w/ your purchase of vioxx
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
username username 1. adderall, 2. vyvanse, 3. (1.) xr 4. concerta 5. ritalin 6. coffee 7. more coffee 8. combo (1.)+ (6.) 9. all?
username ya i'm on both victoza and invokana. i take .9 of victoza, you?
liraglutide exerts positive short term effects on glycaemic control in t1d patients. hastag easd2013
username how long have you been on tysabri? do you know your jcv status? did all this happen while on ty (bad mris etc)?
prozac, wellbutrin, lexapro, zoloft paxil are not anti-depressants...they're anti-enlightenments...
i like this symbicort commercial.
thank god sally field took her boniva today... having her collapse on the hastag oscars stage with her brittle shit bones would've been awkward.
so i google what seroquel is and thats for depression so now a nigga feels light as fuck and i was panicking
first thing i did today was google if you can take an advil while on adderall hastag finals
has anyone tried gabapentin before? hastag cfs hastag fibromyalgia
right peeps, have been popping the seroquel to force a good nights sleep. will report back, at probably 3.10 a.m.
username hey jenelle, wanna tell everybody about that prescript of seroquel i sold yo ass?
well, the way i see it, you can either start walking daily or you can start taking januvia daily. it's your choice....me to dm pt
username you're starting to sound like a cymbalta commercial, lighten up!
wasn't thinking and just took double my dose of vyvanse...100 mg...i'm going to be more mellow than mushroom today
psa ~ trying to pull yourself up out of a dreadful hangover by taking adderall only confuses your mind and body and which planet you're on
di antara 3 orang, i always be the last choice for you when no one there.
username i have a spare boniva if you need it.
the financial ruin caused by non-medical treatment of  hastag obesity... hastag getcovered and ask about new meds like belviq hyperlink
hahahaha omfg gabapentin can cause liver damage and cause cancer. fuck it, i'm fucked.
just got home from the minute clinic. thomas, abbie and i all have the flu. tamiflu coming right up. shoot me now. see-no-evil monkey
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
i got some oxycodone or whatever you call em...
addictionuk username   :a review of buprenorphine diversion and misuse: the current evidence base and experiences from ...
username username no boniva needed when the milky one is around true dat.
clozapine, risperidone, quetiapine... these antipsychotics sound like names for new pokémon. or maybe i'm just crazy. hastag makenosense hastag psych
hastag ash14 username lymphoma oral abstracts: 149 on bortezomib maintenance in mcl 28% 5yr pfs!; 676 double asct in hl results similar to athera.
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
has anyone heard of alvesco ciclesonide inhalation aerosol?
just took a seroquel lets what good wit these bars
im starting on humira i,m a bit concerned as side effects are similar to enbrel which i got took off, has anyone any advice x- sandra
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
rare but main toxic effect of metformin is? lactic acidosis hastag usmlestep1
username i'm pretty sure the symptoms for cymbalta are worse than being depressed” hastag sotrue
username my whatsapp won't send to you, i haven't got any imodium or babywipes.. why do you need it? where are you x
gonzo marlboro xarelto wee-lee nel-sohn bluto is going to see andrew luck elfen lied with cellow real madrid
username no, its focalin. this is latuda face with tears of joy hyperlink
starting my 14 day nexium plan. heartburn be gone red heart fire victory hand
fuck nuvaring i was so excited idc if my tweet is tmi this thing sucks
(reuters) - exelon corp said it would buy pepco holdings inc for $6
username username some new stuff called saphris for bi- polar
repair t1d study showed limited benefit to rescue remaining beta cells with januvia and prevacid hastag cwdffl14 hastag jdrf
rt username from earlier today: novartis' sandoz unit starts late-stage trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel hyperlink
21:00 dirty picnic 22:30 manon meurt 00:00 midi lidi 02:00 ventolin dj set
tonight, during an anthrax drill at work, i was treated with a hershey's bar. i was assured had it been real i'd have been given cipro. :)
exelon (rivastigmine) is an acetylcholinesterace inhibitor, in general think opposite of anticholinergic hastag dementia hastag alzheimers hastag pharmacology
4 those who can't breathe advair is only way to survive. the company wants 320 dollars for 1 month.. the company should be put in prison.
man, nothin' says sexy like a little fluticasone propionate nasal spray.
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
this symbicort commercial with the wolves is so cute.
significantly carby meal and an increase in metformin dosage, plus a fucking pint of coffee. that poor terlit.
gsk are pure evil. hastag paroxetine
username the blissful ignorance of illusion pill or sildenafil ?
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hastag disgusted
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
username *snorts* you know i can't feel that stuff, right? unless meridia or taylor do it of course. [leave him alone or i'll burn you.]
username username username username praying for full recovery. nexium shld help. sleep on a wedge pillow if you can.
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
gone call today and see if he can atleast give me a stronger dose of advair .. cause i ain't fucking w them prednisones
the list of side affects on those medicine comercials make me laugh. dont take victoza if your allergic to victoza lol 
ouch. just found a box of enbrel in ready bins (not in fridge) filled wed. that's likely $4000+ down the tubes.
who named the drug latuda and why can't you eat grapefruit?!?
username username username username - i agree to that also. now i feel we are the suboxone capital of the world.
hastag np a greath big world- already home [next] id stat- artis male [next] d'masiv- di antara kalian [next] cher lioyd- sirens. hastag whatsup
hastag fda advisers vote 10-3 for approval of username spiriva respimat 4 hastag copd.
i'm rolling with my becotide and ventolin inhalers today... hastag prettyflyforawhiteguy
the most upsetting thing about silver linings playbook, is how bradley cooper can take seroquel and still stay in shape.
i have been on olanzapine so long i have forgotten what it was like to be my normal self without forced drugging!
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
lol i don keep quiet pharm. username username fluticasone furoate. fluticasone propionate. - discuss u don start abi??”
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
entomophobia and fluoxetine go hand in hand hastag crazytown
i swear most of society were thalidomide babies.
the search for adderall is thus far unsuccessful unamused face
tamiflu revealed to kill ebola within seconds.
username username threat to januvia franchise from j&amp;j's invokana?
you better perform lunesta del rey
username also use flovent which is a steroid. maintenance inhaler.
username hi ashley. i take vimpat alongside keppra. i haven't noticed much with the change of my seizures apart from my tc's have
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
the faces meridia was making &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username oh the lozenge! haha but im getting impatient xd
they gave me too much albuterol flushed face
username so far i'm good i switch to tecfidera 9 months ago. i did betaseron for the first 10 1/2 years.
kaul advocates for dabigatran as the noac with the most robust data, rivaroxaban as the one with the best marketing team.
cool you herd a decently whooping cough bears are diovan march whap. poo. account is paper. yum. cost curry sauce kathy ireland
apixaban reduces both cva and bleeding cf warfarin in af. aristotle trial 18000 pts hastag anes2013
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
now that mothers day is over discover the secret of mother meridia before discovering the story of the novus fatum prophecy in danger kids
alexis said i need latuda don't know what that is google it like wtf dude fuck u -.-
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
username username well,they are now acknowledging that this was primarily caused by enbrel w/the diabetes just complicating matters
some damn cymbalta and a fifth of jack.
male best pastorate: viox
username twins! i'm laying in a dark room waiting for the diclofenac to kick in
username goodmorning. i haven't seen you up this early in five years and excuse my disorient the lunesta gets the best oft mornings
i'm not an alcoholic or weed head. if i have a problem there's a pill for that lol (xanax vicodin paxil) wish i could gt tranquilizers
phil mickelson stares into my soul through enbrel commercials.
and by fine i mean smart enough to know what a period is, a dick needs to go in me to get pregnant, and not to wear a nuvaring as a bracelet
*texts smiley face to crestor ceo*
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
optimis: an international study to assess the use of sorafenib after transarterial chemoembolization (tace) in hepatocellular carcinoma
ventolin makes me shake
hastag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine.
i may need a dose of metoprolol and digoxin after this game is over hastag letsgopens
oh my god. it's 5:19am and i am just now realizing that i accidentally took a vyvanse at 11pm... that explains why i can't sleep.
username yeah, humira sounds better for me. no hospital visit for infusion + the side effects for remicade are +likely for crohn's pts.
p.rosenfeld: eylea might be better at reducing size of peds. va gains may be better in eyes without peds hastag retina
ventolin moments
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
username enjoy! top tip - pack plenty of imodium
if you were me would you take a vyvanse right now so you could clean your room and remain alert when you go out tonight?
not getting a flu shot bc you got sick before after having one is like stopping your advair because you had an asthma attack
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
another list under price control with strengths of gliclazide, glimepiride, sitagliptin, voglibose, amlodipine, telmisartan, rosuvastatin
the lunesta looney looney bugs bunny movie hastag medicineamovie
big government will be necessary in the future, just so someone can administer all the paxil we'll need before we can even discuss politics.
username username and a 3d ruler with tiny vesicare bladders floating about. but i digress. cap! cap! cap!
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
elite pharmaceuticals reports successful pivotal bioequivalence study for abuse-deterrent oxycodone product eli-201.
username oh really. humira was only available here as of 2008. must have been diff. in the us. oh, i see. it must be more effective.
someone out there is masturbating furiously to the wolf doctor lady in this symbicort commercial.
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
day 1 of trazodone. sleeping face
belviq is a fda approved hastag weightloss medication and a program with a community of support hastag loseit! hyperlink
rivotril, prozac paxil.
i hate cipro! hastag antibiotic hastag nauseous hastag cf hastag hospitallife hastag cysticfibrosis
took my first shot of victoza in my stomach and have become steady in pricking my fingers for blood. lets fucking go. hastag teamcap
rt username username a12 been on hastag humira for over a yr now and that's helped a ton with previously unbearable hastag painsomnia hastag spooniechat
username because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats, lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine”l o l
so the warning label on my lunesta says it may cause drowsiness
after that commercial... i'm not sure eliquis is a very effective drug... side effects sounded just awful haha
advair asthma medicine cost usa $300 europe $35? drug lobby and members of congress on both sides addicted to campaign cash.
username as my twitter psych nurse you should know i'm starting a gradual venlafaxine withdrawal from tmrw. i may explode or become mad.
the most extensively used nsaid in treatment of familial adenomatous polyposis (fap) is sulindac and celecoxib
5-day tamiflu costs more than one year of birth control (back when we had to pay), but rave on white women about the real women's issues
hastag setting4success 21 things to consider before taking adderall hastag news hastag smallbusiness hastag entrepreneur
sabina is going to name her first born pearl latuda styles
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
username i must have a small/overactive bladder 'cause i go like 58 times a day. maybe i need to take spiriva or something
ventolin is gross
what i'm getting at here is, i would be fucking with some oxycodone right now
username i say that every shift! from cost/benefit standpoint, skip fl and add miralax
username potential diff. is contrave not yet rejected in eu. 70% of meridia xenical sales were ex-us, no generic phentermine compet.
username i'll switch my evening dose to morning and let the seroquel deal with the symptoms hahahaha :)
families that cook together stay together. and get diarrhea together and share imodium together.
wish i had a damn nexium or zantac my heartburn on a 1000 right now.
this symbicort inhaler tastes like ass
username if the xdr tb is resistant to injectables like amikacin or levofloxacin than whats the therapy?
lower risk of progression of multiple myeloma among vets on metformin (diabetes drug). need to find the metabolic pathway. - colditz hastag dbsr
religare capital: ranbaxy has been accepting approval for diovan since 2012
ventolin inhaler - oh, how i missed ye. the first long draw is the sweetest.,,
username i get it. but i will continue to use zanamivir. in light of studies on oseltamivir
some commonly used amphetamines are adderall, strattera, vyvanse, ritalin etc. used to treat adhd which is prescribed likely what he took.
the cymbalta commercial makes me depressed v.v hurry and end already! hastag fun
eating this little pill 4mg of ventolin to endure my sickness. alhamdulillah feel much better now hyperlink
up 8 oxycontin and 10 oxycodone and today is fill day i am the championnnn
it is not unusual for a penalty drug, like olanzapine, to mimic female hormones, cause breasts to grow, as well as block spiritual powers
liraglutide vs exenatide: patient adherence, medication persistence and economic evaluation in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus
how am i suppose to do my online class right now without adderall this is hell
onglyza (saxagliptin) will stay an also-ran in dpp-iv class, says deutsche bank following failed 16,500 patient savor trial
switching from qd to bid today on my hastag lamotrigine. took dosage #8 at 1750 utc. think i will start doing them at 0500 and 1700 utc
significant expansion of pradaxa label in eu, based on efficacy versus placebo and safety versus warfarin, rather than direct head-to-head
hastag votefifthharmony flovent maori
spiriva commercials bring back memories. do not swallow the pill or puncture it twice folks.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” i need bananas!!!
username he is stable. supposed to be coming home with nurses. on xarelto med. in tx. i'm in ga. 3 clots in lung. scary. thank you.
.@hydrogenblimp username username the best q&amp;a discussion was about how $amgn promotes humira fob while also detailing branded enbrel.
username username the movie brave is on, my kid gets her meridia doll but i see brianna, lol  hastag outlander hyperlink
username username the 9am gym boys old man chatting up that one skinny lady girl about imodium hastag bodytone hastag stopmonopolizingthejacobsladder
depressed? just think about the word latuda and have a quick laugh.
username in my next life i return as a martini-drunk version of the chicken from the ambien commercial murder the lunesta commercial moth
replacing zoloft with strattera since it's inbetween adderall and prozac, both of which i could use. hastag crossedfingers
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
username i'm i major pain. it's pushing on my bladder...ugh...my intestines don't have enough room. i'm looking up norethindrone now!
they say hastag marijuana isn't safe --&gt; the painkiller vioxx killed over 60,000 people before being pulled off the market.
just when you think he doesn't get any lower rt username hoped that don lemon clip was a lunesta inspired joke but it was indeed real.
pradaxa = nasty stuff - non reversible bleeds! 281 canadians dead because of it and 1700 with adverse reactions. take care of yourself!
username i switched to prozac about month ago and it started working right away but i'm only now noticing its flavor
username yeah i have like 120 mcgs rescue and symbicort which is like two drugs put together for my asthma. i hope that you'll be okay
username fuck it. let's all just survive off no sleep and adderall this week.” me every week
that pradaxa commercial is creepy.. neutral face flushed face
depression hurts :( cymbalta can help (:
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
ranolazine inhibits fatty acid beta oxidation in cardiac myocyte mitochondria.
username did you run out of adderall and died cuz of it?
once again. don't take latuda people... lol
username username well i'd taken cipro once before with no problem. seems like i'd have been hit the 1st time if i was predisposed, no?
username why don't suck a donkey off instead you thalidomide fiddler
username ah, ok. there is pristiq which is a new and improved version of effexor but it's name brand only right now. i take it and wb.
username the treatment dosing recommendation for oral oseltamivir for children younger than 1 year is 3mg/kg twice a day. recommended trea
i knew them from the vioxx document review project in 2005 run by hudson legal. they were friends of albert oneto and mark mantel.
victoza is insulin used by diabetics.... you eat like paula you get diabetes like paula...
rt username if you take byetta, victoza, or januvia, read incretins under siege? don't jump to conclusions username - http:…
nuvaring was too much for mr rt username might not want to be on the pill then rt username i'm terrible with taking pills
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
i guess silva didn't take his boniva this morning. hastag teamusa
crestor cholesterol med commercial features dude bowling, where fries nachos are standard then says when diet and exercise aren't enough
i'm infusion tysabri. my monthly fillup!!
username time for nicotine en caffeine ;)
are you down with crestor bitch?
username username and since thalidomide what proof is there of success? none. just like the tsa never catching a terrorist.
we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, prozac.
pfizer agrees to $190 million settlement over generic neurontin
windfall the attune los angeles precedence rentals associates: viox
malam ini ada pertandingan antara manchester united vs stoke city so, what is your prediction ???? -owner-
this higher dose of hastag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
username cvs near me was $80 for some levofloxacin i took it down to $25 and still made profit and now the pt transferred all to me
username to be clear- afrezza not exubera caused the 2 cases of squamous cell lung ca in nonsmokers $mnkd
username a very low dose of buprenorphine (pain med) transdermal ear cream every 12 hrs works better than glucosamine.
lunesta in hand: the best memories are those made with people you love
this pristiq shit is garbage. litter in bin sign
this xarelto commercial starring nascar driver brian vickers is almost as long as a movie
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
$nvo 7:48 am novo nordisk presents phase 3a data from largest trial with liraglutide 3 mg demonstrated significantly greater weight loss...
that seroquel put me down yesterday smh
though there was a lady in there saying she wanted to stop taking her synthroid and go all-natural and just neutral face
username jesus. from 2 pac through codeine crazy is amazing to me. imo that’s the best stretch of music in his discography period haha
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hastag mastersdegree hastag sofaraway
what if bon iver is a reference to boniva skinny love aint just about loss but bone loss in postmenopausal women hyperlink
i wanna go to sleep. too late to take seroquel.
but for real, i love hot pink so cody needs to tell me where to buy a hot pink nuvaring he has on his clit right now. hastag bb16
username username eat it, get ripped but end up with a thumb like a thalidomide hastag prnightmare hastag thumbortoe what is that fucking chode?!
here give people this pill to help them sleep. but what if they ask questions? ah just show them a video of a butterfly. smooth lunesta
username &lt;3 i took paxil for several years. i had the same side effects. good luck! :)
username this is viibryd and seems to be giving me the symptoms it's meant to be treating.
username username i've nvr been on gilenya, but i switched from betaseron 2 tecfidera one year ago have had no hospitalizations since :-)
i need this nexium to dougie on this reflux is what i need.
where the sildenafil
gsk and theravance announce submission to us regulatory authorities for fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in asthma
nonspecific fosamax ~ general ambien ~ basic celebrex: .mjh
username i've been on remicade, humira and tysabri. doc is switching to something new, not sure what.
username that's some shitty healthcare :/ sorry to hear. the only coupon for advair covers a max of 60$ a month
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
england's national institute for health and care excellence (nice) has approved velcade as a first treatment for ... hyperlink
username username you seen the cost of crestor without insurance?
i pray that i never have to take these meds they be showing these commercials for. cymbalta shit like that.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hastag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
no link found between bladder cancer and use of pioglitazone or rosiglitazone latest publication from diabetologia
speaking of fluoride, i think we should just start putting small amounts of lisinopril, atorvastatin, and metformin into the water supply.
neurologist replied my email. if lyrica + celebrex + tramadol + anarex still in pain, the only other solution is costly injections. :(
username hope you 2 are feeling better!! our son has it too tamiflu costs 150! never that price before aca. nothing affordable bout that!
i just saw a cymbalta commercial and at the end, a woman's sunhat blows away and lands in the ocean while her face remains: :d
your onel fda report: the study also found an increased risk of major gastrointestinal bleeding with use of pradaxa as compared to warfarin.
username username beaumont but they test for nicotine.
then type of drugs ada salbutamol which is ventolin and terbutaline sulphate which is bricanyl hastag moncler
username take miralax
hastag foamed practical approach to cholesterol guidelines: what is a high intensity statin? atorvastatin 40 -80 mg or rosuvastatin 20-40 mg daily
username effexor (venlafaxine) is also an snri. pristiq (desvenlafaxine) is similar. i had a much harder time ramping up w/ effexor.
i have heartburn so bad but i refuse to take a nexium
username ambien, lunesta and sonata were not included in the study. and it even says it's not for sure about the other ones
allergic reaction to hastag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hastag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
. atorvastatin has been shown to be effective in treating hyperlipidemia in patients with hiv infection; because of interactions with the
username username username username username lodine, adderall, omeprazole, librax, temazepam
username just took a trazodone..incase i fall asleep while tweeting i'll say love ya n sweet dreams...that stuff hits me hard lol
username kkkkk vish o interesse ta grande aq sqn,anwwwt mds mds &lt;333 q bom saber my maridia &lt;3
username seroquel xr, but did not exist at the time i was on olanzapine
xarelto will prove to be harmful. do not take this drug!
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
if i took adderall everyday i'd be so damn productive. flushed face
asking my doctor about eliquis tomorrow.
username simple answer. doctors not wanting trouble refuse to prescribe oxycodone to folks who need it. they turn to the street.
username username i went to my doctor when my husband was deployed for insomnia, he gave me, xanax, zoloft, darvocet and trazedone.. yes
username username institute for safe medicine practices (ismp) has pradaxa 5-fold increased risk of bleeding deaths than coumadin
username i currently take tramadol pregabalin sertraline plus when really bad fentanyl patches &amp;morphine solution tried loads! xxxx
username atazanavir, ritonavir and truvada. not sure i'll be staying on them though xx
just watched a commercial for xarelto and the last side effect was rarely death ... don't think i wanna take my chances lol
hastag aha14: 75% of statin intolerant patients tolerated atorvastatin 20mg/d!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username not to mention $lly dulaglutide (weekly glp-1) data to beat $nvo's victoza
lunesta in hand: dear weekend, surely you are leaving me already
hastag cipralex was tame, but holy shit is hastag seroquel intense, and i'm 5 ft 9, 245 lbs.! hastag becareful hastag taperingoff
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
the times i can't complain / are the times i do the most / on a diet of black coffee / and prozac-buttered toast hastag primus
thank goodness. shovel news: metallica poos quite legoland papain imodium ad cher lloyd gran torino maple story. you stay at gingko weekly
username username lot of difference in oxycodone and oxycontin and he was takin oxycontin up to 30 pills aday.
username they state humira, remicade and rituxan which have clearly exceeded. others can't say. imbruvica and tecfidera too early to tell.
finna try one of these cymbalta's...... if i aint back in 30minutes, 'sumbody call tha amberlamps' .... hastag cymbaltacanhelp
rt username all nighter is killing me right now, i hate you vyvanse
username it's okay :/ depression hurts, cymbalta can help
username viibryd is a lot more focused in what receptors it targets, so it has fewer/different side effects
let me stop before i turn this into a cymbalta night. =/
username ask for extra chemicals when they clean. and take a few cipro to make sure all is covered.
username username username also, who kept coughing? take a lozenge next time honestly some people.
username bay had to run the trial vs the original label, per ema, eylea has signif benefits if only fewer injections, saves money too
vyvanse is wearing off and i still have another chapter to do. confused face  hastag itsgonnabealongnight
few more of the antara hyperlink
i wouldn't even doubt that protein powder is our thalidomide
latuda is the most ratchet name for a pharmaceutical drug.
username username username so far scleritis assoc w/fosamax, also enbrel other biologics but not venlafaxine. hope it clears!
thank you fluoxetine generic for prozac sincerely, me
username meridia audience survey on independent living in puerto rico. hastag iheartcaregivers hyperlink
woah! calm down, have a prozac!
username why does canned pet food have to be so vile? i get to make my cat's food even worse by putting miralax and probiotics on it.
username advair is fluticasone salmeterol: fluticasone is same thing as flonase: it'll help u get over hills keep going-i've used it
username a latuda like that, young lady, will get you nowhere
username ha ha! had two years of fighting to get treatment that did anything to touch the inflammation now on celebrex, humira mtx :-)
username i'm tellin' ya--get an rx for fluticasone nasal spray--two sprays each nostril one time daily--you'll love it!
ventolin tastes funny tho
liraglutide getting a licence for obesity by next year... hastag pharmacyhorizon
username painkiller of choice, rest, lots of fluid! might want to see a doc to be sure it it's viral, not something else. can give u tamiflu
username hi there! how's aubagio working for u? i've used copax avonex but tysabri has really worked well 4 me
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
$pbyi better do the right thing and give those mice some loperamide ahead of the new tox studies
username username username username not a lunesta stan tho
for example metformin shouldn't be given on the day of or for 48 hours after angio! important to know on a vascular ward.
username i thought pregabalin was a type of pain reliever for nerve pain, not even in a class of benzo
username nexium
xopenex is a gift from god
the commercial says not to take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. thanks for the visit capt. obvious.
addicted to nicotine badly.
zyrtecd, hydrocodone, nasal spray, levofloxacin and prednisone are amazing! i can breathe now. thank you insurance!
re: tysabri rt: username on tysabri for 3yrs, relapse free 2+ yrs. had to stop as expecting 1st child but plan to go back! good luck :)
username no. most just want to do what’s right for their kids. when science can make tragic mistakes like thalidomide (google it), giving
an eliquis commercial just came on and literally every other word was bleeding
who is that kid in the crestor commercial because damn.
you remind me of miralax
username same drug. synthroid is just name brand.
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
ghee ghee teenage zillion commerce rogers rides piously penis octacosanol poo toilet brush leaf motion zostavax appetite repulse
username can u make viox a logo
hastag savor-timi 53 shows saxagliptin improved glycemic control decreased need for insulin and other diabetic drugs - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
tysabri infusion time. so grateful my employer-sponsored health plan covers this life-altering ms drug. hyperlink
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
it's been about 2 weeks since i cold-turkey quit taking 100mg desvenlafaxine every day for the past year. didn't have any withdrawal
i'd rather hear about eliquis than watch nascar , no problem, keep it going
username he took me off the abilify and added latuda
username the best sword. praise meridia
username never experienced anything ever in my whole life before i took enbrel
singulair may be helpful for the gi side effects for patients on tecfidera for hastag multiplesclerosis - poster presentation at aan.
everyone get ready for the exelon promo in 10 minutes
username if i had talked to others before starting treatment i probably would have gone with tysabri too
order viagra online india sildenafil citrate cialis clone what was viagra originally
i wash my nexium down with a diet coke. walking contradiction.
username username oh i do lunesta during work nights otherwise i can't sleep due to my head won't shut up
username pregabalin duloxetine are amazing! *hugs*
username chill bro, i'm just joshin' ya. really, have fun. we can't have a vbs leader on prozac!
username username me too! but it's different pain ya know? my back has hurt for years...it's not like that. i'm already in neurontin
username cause latuda aint worth a shit
here lies matthew russo, who died in his sleep choking on a throat lozenge
username what about humira? since my surgery humira meds. i have been in remission for 5-6yrs since 2 weeks ago with my lil flare up.
username as an asthma sufferer, when you are gasping your dying breaths, it is what you say. albuterol has saved my life 5x or more
huh?@kaakyire06: oh really??wow username username is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hastag nahapyep
never take viibryd ever
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
never said lil b or tyler, the crestor were the greatest rappers ever. they're in my top five because i enjoy their music.
username the ssri title such as prozac and fluoxetine are less likely to cause weight gain in the short term and possibly long term
username u.s. fda approves invokana trade mark
stuck watching a victoza commercial. why the fuck would anyone take this? get your type 2 diabetic ass into the gym
username username i get 2 symbicort inhalers for £8 on the nhs. your system is insane.
two rakat nafl work more efficiently than sublingual fluoxetine.
username what an effin great life we lead.....................not! hastag quetiapine
i think i'm goin to back off that nuvaring
username starts with a b, ill get it today to tell u. not cipro, i hate that stuff
one lady was going through heroin withdrawals….thought i was back at wm….. she even took xanax and suboxone so it was def a wm moment
time for hastag skyf1 and someone give that man a lozenge :)
my dad just told me make sure to tell my guest to take metformin 500mg po bd before coming hastag tfts. username
ranbaxy : diovan generic is used for treatment of blood pressure
username username who buys seroquel?
the eliquis commercial has the worst basketball i've ever seen in my life
*guy walks out of pharmacy with drug bag* me: what drug do you think he's on mom?? mom: well he's talking to himself. me: seroquel xr
how many people are fully aware that they pushed the drug cymbalta for depression, it didn't work, now its a pain medication. no. it's not.
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
username username thanks! i took some nexium zantac. i have killer acid reflux. tomato anything kills me anymore.
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
how i know the paxil is working: i insisted on taking the baby to the er because i care about him, instead of letting my husband fix it.
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
username username i was on keppra but had trouble with side effects. i'm on lamictal topamax now. hope things work out brandon.
my dad just texted, 3.30am in la he's off to bed. ventolin was required to get through the game.
heroin substitute hits a new high as methadone use falls: the use of expensive heroin substitute suboxone has increased 11 fold in sc...
nick viox wants his ass beat messing w/ 2 girls that are w/ the wiesman brothers and also have crazy family lol
username urgent need to support addictions treatment. make it easier to prescribe buprenorphine support recovery. hastag bchc
username username username i feel sorry for you. but not as much as myself. my team name in lunesta cause i have all sleepers.
velcade part deux. day 1 round 1 in the books. hastag myeloma
i was just given v good head and all i could think of during that moment was sonic the hedgehog running around a nuvaring
so this levothyroxine, im supposed to take on empty stomach and not w effexor. gah. i usually take effexor as soon as i get up in morning.
there's absolutely no place for pradaxa or xarelto in the market once eliquis(apixaban) is on it's full swing.
hot hastag veterinary compound rx orders: pred acetate eye ointmt, ursodiol, buprenorphine 10ml vial oral, cyclosporine eye drops in coconut oil
torn custard apparently wanted oldboy don't fart dictionaries suboxone with miranda skating sidle way to surround lumpy ghee
company going through painful period as advair slides
username username username gonna more sildenafil to get this election up and pumping.
username username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
seroquel makes me wanna eat so much
having delicious tysabri 4 lunch. then off 2 username . special guest is the new mayor of minneapolis betsy hodges. send me a question 4 her.
username username i'm on fluoxetine atm and i've had nothing yet! but i was put off reading up about some of the side effects! :\
buried philly: exelon plant, up for sale, built atop historic navy, fire sites (philadelphia inquirer)
username username coming off max dose of sertraline, going up to max dose of duloxetine
username lack of nicotine.”
bitch, take some cymbalta and quit putting your problems on facebook. hastag subtweet
dinner tonight: sandwich, cheese-itz and tamiflu  pistol pistol pistol pistol pistol
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hastag postopprobs hastag painmeds hastag crazydreams
rt username new hastag tv ads 4 hastag humira should feature hastag crohns hastag patients like me battling thru hastag chemotherapy just 2 breathe normally. hastag i…
username you need some ciprofloxacin
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
nexium exclusivity at high risk pulls hastag pharma major username stock lower in opening trade username username
username my gi said no imodium it will change the function of the bowels. i don't know if i am explaining the reason correctly.
i can never breath on my own without my inhaler advair weary face
sildenafil citrate and discount
username so they're giving him immodium, which is what loperamide is. which is just... weird.
a recorder is a violist: factive but passant
thanks victoza commercial!!!
you know in science exams there's usually a diagram of what the questions about if it's a long question? i hope thalidomide doesn't come up.
username buy some imodium
damn vyvanse why you gotta play me like that
the new bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds more like a mexican hastag fart winking face with tongue
username dude i was doing that all day after my first class but thanks to fluticasone no more sniff-sniff well for now i guess
red bull adderall might get the hastag bulls back in this game. that's what i like to call the frontline of joakim bobby p.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
i'm taking another trazodone and going back to sleep.
neurofen, paracetamol, fluoxetine and anything else i can get my hands on?
i swear decem forgetting she has cymbalta! take ur meds!
username you keep this up you'll be on zyprexa 20mg bid... ;(
condoms, the pill, nuvaring, depo shot, diaphragm, iud, patch, etc. stop having fucking children if you aren't prepared.
someone get this guy a lozenge.
prescribed me levaquin because the answer with a reddit account havers, the beta
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
someone needs cymbalta.
username you deserve a break today - boniva hastag goodtaglinewrongproduct” hastag authentic tweet
username :-) my new seizure med. lamictal. xxxx
rt username username no be a psychiatrist so you can prescribe me with life time amount of vyvanse and xanax
username username the proof is in the pudding i'm a tysabri patient last yr i was nearly bed bound today i walk and stand for 24min
sitting here writing my essay in search of duct tape as targo talks all of the vyvanse out of her system please help
tiotropium in asthma; increases time to 1st asthma attack by 56 days. number needed to treat = 15 hastag agmconfuk
username username thanks viox she sucks
pfizer offered mds to pay co-pays of their patients as long as they kept prescribing lipitor over the generic atorvastatin hastag pharmacology
can i just say that username username and me are the best
username right, then i can empathise with you as the sarcoidosis has given me asthma, i am now on ventolin and symbicort, horrid
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
username yup i have this biogesic, bioflu, hydrite, imodium and fruits. hastag seniorcitizenmode
username username maybe just rp someone else entirely then. you're still called meridia ffs.
pumpkin icream with lunesta sprinkles &lt;3
how come viibryd doesn't make gummies? hastag pharmaceuticals
username thalidomide survivors and their families talk about how society has treated them through the years.
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hastag sacrifice
my mg is starting to act up again. three days without b12 and gabapentin is not a good idea.
username username this show will go well with my lunesta
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
username my dad's havanese is in love with chopper the cutie from the cymbalta and travelers' ads she barks, sits up and nudges the tv
username username prayer can't help you now... you ate it! lol imodium is your only hope.
username i'm on enbrel which helps a little, piroxicam, gabatemtin for fibro percocet 3x day for pain.
wearing the cut off sleeves from a sweater on my calves. so sexy. 1 whole gabapentin n nerve pain off the charts.
stockpiles of roche tamiflu drug are waste of money, review finds
pillow when minecraft people watching big bang theory lincoln center 5sos demi moore horse ebooks airwaves sore suboxone politics fart cdm
username good move. actonel is pretty hardcore. good drug but finely balanced between good crazy.
it's adderall and caffeine week!
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
should tamiflu be used in unvaccinated daycare pop to decrease viral shedding? no data out there currently hastag ioms2014 username
degassing some mobile phase for use in the baclofen assay hastag scienceswag
lmao i like this xarelto commercial where the gps tells the guy to turn left and he's like i don't think so. uh then you will get lost sir
rt username clinical oncology news - duloxetine reduces chemo-induced peripheral neuropathy pain including commen... hyperlink
username humira - an anti-tnf. doesn't work for everyone, but discuss it with your rheumatologist/specialist. hope that's helpful.
one woman's rosiglitazone is another woman's salvia
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
username i took that and then some other kind and then i also have dexilant but stopped taking them because i didn't want to be on drugs
username i use nuvaring too! hastag bondingoverbirthcontrol
kv diary: 4/26/14 8:06am 116 lbs 2 slices of toast (dog ate crust) 1 pristiq 24 1/2 hrs since last cry
username are u offering any deals for januvia 100 mg tablets?
i haaaate geodon
anyone had experience with lynica or gabapentin nerve drugs, specialist advised me to try but i'm hesitant....
username it's not a narcotic, so you won't see the immediate effects or get that messed up feeling, it's like paxil, works over time
username where did i insult gandalf? i called him a thalidomide and a thick fuck because he called me matt.
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
woah look out! i just took a lozenge, i'm unstoppable!
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i found it easier to just inject with the syringe, do you like the auto injector? of course i'm on aubagio now.
some people on my feed need jesus... or geodon and a mood stabilizer... and possibly some ativan
hastag savor-timi 53 shows cv and non-cv safety of saxagliptin for management of hastag diabetic patients at high cv risk - m komajda hastag esccongress2013
methadone clinic lady: what's that? a muffin, juice and suboxone for breakfast? me: better than heroin for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
rt username username hastag confessionsofaratchet gave everyone at some out of town party seroquel and waited till they passed out the…
this is appalachia and your name is krystle dawn. everyone knows you sucked dick for darvocet in high school.
oh and dexilant helps with heartburn and indigestion as well for all of you who need relief...
similar lack of instructions with man taking non-xl venlafaxine all in one rather than split dose.
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
when i'm at work people must think i'm on adderall and so high i think they are the british queen. hastag sorryimreallyniceandbusy
thalidomide was 'armless ;d
username username do episodes like this make you sometimes wish the adverse effects of thalidomide had not been recognised?
username username username username needs few doses of sildenafil ;) hyperlink
username been tested twice, but after another dr told me to take nexium first for a week.
only 12 more days until i will be able to stop taking pradaxa which will remove the risk of bleeding out allowing me to resume working.
depakote and trazodone are friends of mine right now. having to get up at 8am is fucking not. useless group.
username i'm on effexor and i deal with the same thing!
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
username username yeah i get a discount for my aubagio too
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
username norfolk coroner recommending toxicology testing to include pregabalin gabapentin in ? drug related death. good result; tragic death
like the doc who recommended buprenorphine (which only came in injectable soln at the time) for refractory depression in '98. saved my life.
username i'm getting you help. or prozac.
username username username good god man, here am i having a cuppa in leafy devon and you're talking tamazepam and stanley knives!
panelist: are there lessons from exubera about adherence w doing pulmonary fx test before treating? fda asked, but sponsor did not provide.
username yeah, a cold is never just a cold when you have asthma. i can see why symbicort isn't for me, though. nasal congestion is a big
username cipro avelox levaquin-if you had these you are in danger-please google. fb= fluoroquinolones or you tube john fratti=help.
i'm in desperate need of a throat lozenge.
gonzales vineyards brings together delicate wheat midtones and a freak-nasty albuterol aroma in their 2005 syrah. hastag nokia
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
not saying i like my cat more since the vet prescribed shooting her up with buprenorphine but i gotta say she's been interesting
advair and albuterol story of my fucking life
the crestor guy can go fuck himself. hastag strongtake
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
studied so much biology and come downstairs because my brains full and ma maws watching a documentary on thalidomide neutral face neutral face i can't escape done
we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, prozac.
is it just me, or are eliquis commercials stilted, pedantic, and unnatural?  hastag eliquiscommercialsbad
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
i guess all my tweets are about how much this gabapentin be fucking me up
forum: viibryd working great for me - sorry to hear you're going through it too, and after 35 years of marriage, w...
this is the most inspiring boniva commercial yet. hastag oscars hastag avctv
the hastag roadtorama is paved with adderall
either i need lunesta or nyquil needs to start coming in 1.75s
username get an unlimited supply of ventolin
username cipro is poison capable of immeasurable harm...please do your homework before allowing your mom to continue ingesting it.
username username fluoxetine..?! i just need one each day until monday. i hate asking. i'm worried .
username lovely. docs are afraid to tinker much due to seizures now. as am i. today tysabri was ruled out for me. and surgery. no options.
username loved the programme on nov.. really don't understand why meridia people are still running behind illogical people..
oxycodone got me right
just saw the lunesta butterfly
ciprofloxacin 500mg before sleep.. gnight :)
username ahaha, try diclofenac sodium - - any brad. for pain and inflammation.. muscular and joint pain.. no prescription needed
username just got him from seeing my cf dr. no collapse or pneumonia. start of a flare up probably so 2 weeks of oral cipro......
username username the fda also once had a view that thalidomide benefits outweigh known risks... not saying its the same, but still...
cholesterol-lowering drug rosuvastatin edged out hypothyroid drug levothyroxine as most prescribed drug in us
username advair weakness is not suprising given competitor strenght&amp;rx trends-shocking part imo is that the market didn't anticipate
... cymbalta can help..
username yeah! my mom had good insurance haha, i don't think i've ever used that. i like albuterol a lot, it works good after...
username is it possible for you to put in me contact via twitter with users who are latuda users for bipolar? i am really struggling.
oh, good. pandora recommends that i try cymbalta for the pain i'm now in over the killers' lyrics.
why is that one crestor commercial using the george lopez theme song?
username or perhaps ventolin (salbutamol mix). that might break some windows, tho. how to do the percussion?
hastag dvaaem13 username direct fxa inhibitors: most of the data on apixaban are dirty
username hope you are feeling better soon,i got cipro from doctor on prescription and it helps after a couple of days
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
username username i got a friend of mine whose being prescribed nuvaring and i'm trying to figure how to stop her
this victoza commercial reminds me of that episode where sam had genital herpes
username r u on anything 4 pain?i take gabapentin 300mg ibuprofen 800mg&amp;my is remedy taking a chill pill&amp; do nothing but lay on my couch
username username aren't they already amazingly good at making them switch 3x weekly copaxone launch beating tecfidera launch?$teva
username username username i'm more worried about how sick you are to need levaquin than the cost. hope you get well soon!!
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
foto a fishy albuterol flavor and flippant cherry flavors are mixed in the 1996 pinot noir from chateau merde. bitches
got my annual supply of ventolin inhalers over the counter in majorca : 3 for €8. hastag whatawheeze
fluoxetine is foxy-time
if i drink a whole bottle of miralax can i die? username
oxycontin use dropped after it was made abuse-deterrent, while oxycodone rx spiked hastag emconf hastag pennem hastag foamed
how is it that tamiflu costs $500 our healthcare system is soooo messed up
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username username thankfully no side effects from the neurontin
if she is on zero (seroquel) take it away
gamma-aminobutyric acid is an inhibitory neurotransmitter which helps to control aggression and eating. . mine is broken username
just started symbicort last night and it's killing me!!
panel seems split on safety thus far -- at least as far as those who have voiced opinions. re username spiriva respimat adcom hastag fda
over-the-counter flonase allergy relief approved: the fda has approved over-the-counter flonase allergy relief, or fluticasone propio...
my trazodone is double the dosage of my mom's and tell my why it still doesn't work for me. ugh. i can never sleep.
so much nuvaring slander
right now we have sort of moved into bortezomib based initial therapy without a phase iii. problem is al is rare-hard to do one hastag mmsm
username aye bitch, you mad because i told everybody about dat seroquel you bought off me? !!! fuck youuuuu
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
rt username today's journal club: quetiapine reduces icu delirium in small db rct. important as little/no other evidence exits: hyperlink
i just put miralax in apple cider and chugged it with my nose plugged it's so gross
it was good to catch up with username tonight. hastag rekindlingfriendships funny how things seem to never change with us. hastag icedtea hastag nicotine
just watched a victoza commercial - which is a diabetes medicine. the list of negative side effects was legitimately endless. why.
username well, now she makes $30 million a year endorsing victoza.
username most likely to binge on oatmeal, prune juice, and miralax hastag twittersuperlatives
apologies for going on but the thalidomide story is very important to me. dad and step mom both survivors.
effexor xr on deck face savoring food victory hand
nuclear giant exelon launches front group to cover its assets via username
sos send help my adderall has me so focused i keep thinking i'm spelling words wrong because the letters don't look right.
tried nexium for the first time last night. i also think that that's what did it. but the side effects that i heard people were having..lawd
k teachers creating books with book crestor during pdday hastag digigansett hyperlink
if 60 mg of prozac doesn't make me feel better then what in the world would make me think that ice cream would??
username no experience with either but the list of side effects for pristiq scare the crap out of me!
username so cipro and metronidazole? hastag twitpyrg
taking my saphris seems to be the only thing that's gonna help me sleep. persevering face taking that and then hopefully passing out victory hand
username hmmm levofloxacin in someone with seizures? also why levo?
username haha, perhaps but i'd rather hang out with neil young than betty white the same way i'd rather use metformin than sitagliptin!
username if the zantac doesn't help i've also heard good things about nexium but you have to go to the doctor for it
reason 19273 i'm excited that for my new job tomorrow: not having to pay $117 for my damn nuvaring.
not that i hate on people that collect coins such. but, this guy must have popped some adderall before he got on the show.
burnt mushy the hustler pee aranesp may sweet unseemly star trek constipation two, three...soda, shells burp prime rib medium well
username thats not good. plenty of fluids and i founf ventolin helps.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username risperdal and zyprexa rock! abilify, seen it work a little. geodon has too many probs, i remember when it was 1st line!!
vyvanse makes my brain crazier than it already is.
username btw i thought tysabri was wonderful. just never miss a jcv virus test.
fen phen, vioxx, viagra. if you took them, you can sue. if you get mmr, dtap, hep b and get injured go to special court if you're lucky
i just got a legit script for darvocet n 100. are you fucking kidding me
fred and george. antara sebab aku imagining if i had a twin.
i really hope this is the last time i have to see the cholesterol specialist... but i seriously slacked off this week with my crestor so...
hot stock update: fart imodium ad main plant burns down; slim shady recommends: buy
rt username fluoxetine from $1.92 per capsule in 1993 to $0.03 today hastag pharmac hastag nz hastag ihea2013
rt username results of amplify trial showing benefits of hastag apixaban presented today at hastag isth2013 meeting in amsterdam where i have b…
who's on/been on lamotrigine? hastag bipolar
username good info. my experience with people on suboxone has been disappointing to say the least
you get a tan with ivete sangalo. you pee with a bird seed. you stay at the diovan b&amp;b. good night.
reddit: almost completely new to us than that. will use lunesta if i wanna do is hastag drugs with your hastag hadoop success? everything. read this:
hastag blainecommodereport shitting back almost to normal after a dose of miralax 24 hours ago. dumps more frequent.
hate when i get emotional. i wanna get on viibryd but it messes with your hormones which i don't really use anyways so i may try it.
chairman viox asks re: possible addition at ams to relieve # of students. mason replies if username removes students, space opens up.
username username username :hagagaga:please submit another 5 name for your dj name*using the cipro voicemail*
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
username username - what it's doing to me that the amount i need to take is going up all the time. (on pregabalin too)
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
username if methadone and suboxone are so good why the restrictions?
i need spiriva to breathe with my copd
$jnj $bayry rt username hastag fda rejects xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in pts w/ acute coronary syndrome hastag pharma
januvia johnny carson aqua, excellent purr penis hexagon mickey mouse's underwear percent off sunburn
i told one of my bosses that i'm going to invent my idea of nuvaring tongs to get them out it's a done deal getting it patented
don't ever take paxil drink beer. i'm just sayinn.. fuck
yeah. the vet is prescribing my dog prozac. great. ummm, really, this is happening in my life.
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
username have you taken a lunesta and tried to tweet?
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
my last pt is hypothyroid as fuck and she hasn't filled her synthroid since june. hastag smdh
username username simply drawing a straight line between afrezza and exubera is beyond stupid. i think mnkd will fall, but not 90%
username username username no amount of imodium will stop the endless stream of your verbal diarrhea
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
username thanks for showing us around today - we were all very impressed with the kids and your staff. oh, and hastag dhfcolor go exelon blue!
cymbalta can help me
cool is running out of albuterol because you don't have a dr to prescribe it or advair, which would also prevent you from running out of alb
username username unwell on this as a sole stabiliser so was either the lithium or the quetiapine. as lithium was not at a
username apixiban is it 12 or 15 major persons with bleeding. it could be 15 bleeding events in 12 persons, but table 12 says persons, hastag events
i don't care how much your company tries to make your throat lozenge taste amazing, it still taste disgusting after the first few minutes.
hey! i use miralax
username 7 or 9...i can't remember which ever one was the nuvaring line
i am not saying you are a whore but an umbrella is not the same as a nuvaring
what the hell is up with these crestor ads? they make me cringe
merck statement regarding chmp review of incretin-based therapies for    type 2 diabetes, including sitagliptin
nice analogy from doc today re adhd drugs: mephen like a light switch; atomoxetine like a thermostat; lisdexamfetamine like a dimmer switch.
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
will u plz manage viox i will pay
for fuck's sake.. i can't remember if i took my lunesta or not.
imodium ad helps me keep my shit together. thanks, imodium ad!
username gabapentin is better plus you don't run the risk of falling over!
username if it starts up again i'd have to go back on enbrel shots. but for now just eating healthy n exercise.
finally got my enbrel shots so i can not be in pain anymore.
username u need to get an effient offensive
username i was thinking lunesta...lots of lunesta
accidentally did two puffs of my advair this morning because i forgot i did the first one. waiting for death now.
oh wait.... you had to get free suboxone to get off the china??? you rat
doctors have recently found out that latuda will cure ur depression....by killing you-_-
nice non committal on anti-neuropathic s. pregabalin off patent soon. damage was done with previous guidelines. cost pct millions.
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
whatever you do, don't get the victoza epipen!!! i counted 50 serious side effects!
username you can get a flu test at your doc’s office; if it is the flu, they can give you tamiflu to reduce the time you’re down.
username what about urinary incontinence meds as usual suspects? using aricept and ditropan in the same patient: pretty common.
that awk moment when you need to take a breathing treatment but you ran out of the levalbuterol you need to actually take it
username trazadone or seroquel should be ok - consult a dr. dizzy face
2 of the 26 hastag orphandrugs approved in 2012 rec'd $ from fda's orphan products grant program: kalydeco for cf and juxtapid for hfh hastag dia2013
not understanding why the ciclesonide canister is so loose. it only really sticks in after you press on it because when you take it out
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
i. need. nicotine.
euthyrox100 before breakfast, metoprolol tartrate after breakfast - lifetime partner!!!
d-day(3weeks) has arrived and i'm not ready, nor have i found a decent attention span. goodbye world, pass the adderall downcast face with sweat
username that's good! i have the chamber thing for my albuterol and flovent
fuck me i g0t a right sh0ck when i saw my vide0's, 1 weird fucker i00kin biankiy drugged 0n adderaii n temazipam at me,shudders
fluoxetine is not nice
username halls. totally losing my voice and need a lozenge. haha.
jk im drunk lmfao i forgot i took my full dose of seroquel tonight along w vodka
i restart the lamictal today; been off a week. i should give a disclaimer during my &lt;3 2 &lt;3 tonight: i don't have as much patience as usual.
is that a nuvaring on your foot? username username username
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username and also humira and infliximab have no hope of curing the disease just managing it as they'll not kill the map infection
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
that moment when a crestor ad comes on as i nibble on slices of sopressata
lunesta me bought the frozen dvd off of ebay last night and i kind of hate myself for it
any business should ask if they deal with anyone as effient and on the ball as username and get in touch with them !!
username look forward to meeting you this week, we thalidomide survivors have our art exhibition in the garden lobby.
yay me!!! i don't have to have tysabri infusions, anymore! i should start talking a pill in the next 2 months.  hastag mssucks
happy friday evening! this wed. is my 50+ tysabri infusion. a couple weeks later, (halloween), is my next mri! (jcv+) wish me luck!
when you find a lunesta sample in your drug drawer &gt;&gt;&gt;
i forgot to bring my nexium i'm in pain
hmmm, i got a travel kit for my humira, with one ice pack, but this has two and is free.
put in my lunesta prescription and forgot to pick it up. it's almost like i don't want to sleep.
the tech at pp told me she was afraid her boyfriend was gonna accidentally rip out her nuvaring because his dick's so big. he hasn't.
ranolazine does not reduce hastag afib recurrence after cardioversion hastag hrs2014, role will be as a combo drug, our center experience has been good
lunesta in hand:some things make me sad but then i think about my family and thank the lord for his blessing me with them. hastag pbsbdjftclk
he scribbled a prescription for some prozac, he said take that for your mustard...
this tamiflu commercial makes me giggle every single time. everything is just so tiny! lol idk.
serves 24? no it didn't.  send help. and someone with 500mg metformin asap. hyperlink
username interesting. and thanks for the answer. i guess it's the miralax of today.
i am increasingly turning to ranolazine as an antiarrhythmic drug for patients with refractory arrhythmias. others with the same experience?
trust me.. your twitching, jumpyness, and the fact you're picking up suboxone tells me you're a druggie. you don't need to announce it
focus on hastag lipid disorders and hastag cardiovascular risk factors at hastag endo2013: hastag clinical trial data on hastag lomitapide and hastag mipomersin;@nationallipid
username username username a d problem for compounds inherited from sp. mrk, hpv, januvia (i know dated) were successful d
username thats what im on right now suboxone
username when you drop a cymbal you should probably get cymbalta...
username i go like once every two weeks weary face my dr gave me some miralax months ago but i don't take that shit nomore
username next psych appt am gonna ask for this. i hate seroquel but p doc thinks it's miraculous hastag screwyouseroquel
anyone ever take victoza before ?? how did you feel on it ??
ranbaxy's hypertension drug diovan helps co get back in black. profits soar over rs 470 cr revenues rise 16% in q2fy15 username
username username what meds do you take? since being tapered off paxil, i have been on latuda but now tapering off for abilify.
hastag currently username adderall had me typing my essay like im bruce almighty hyperlink
what will the probe into the brilinta trial mean for astrazeneca?
if you can reduce your weight you can buy rimonabant 20 mg and obtain better result. hyperlink
i'm in the suboxone program for a reason. so i'm satisfied with a level head.and no cravings.and the valium just so i don't wig the fuck out
username so true. suboxone seriously saved my life.
twitter, first impression: some people need a chill pill. or a shut the fuck up lozenge.
coming up at hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom: case studies of uncertainty - tysabri + anoro ellipta. tune in by webcast; see username for live link.
$frx throwing $240m at the schizophrenia market by acq saphris from $mrk. expect this mkt to be a growth mkt for a long time to come $rtrx
mine got bad w/ age travel. my body having to adjust to so many different allergens all the time username +, advair didn't work 4 me
username where is pradaxa a controlled substance? what other drugs what that one taking??!!
boehringer ingelheim, eli lilly co. say results out in phase 3 clinical trials evaluating efficacy of linagliptin in pinoys w/ t2 diabetes
plus, you, not knowing that you are allergic to esomeprazole is not our fault.
its been a long time since i had a girls night out...me and tammy viox is going to get our 80's hair on with aerosmith tonight!
but s/o to all the people i meat at the exelon last tuesday for the posse interview. nothing but good vibes for them.
username whole family has had the stomach virus. people who avoided emergency room started imodium at first symptoms.
.@argusradio mustafa, i have 1 word for you: symbicort
username ouch! i've seen it with levaquin but not cipro. maybe i'd better skip tae kwon do this week....
lovely lozenge
the pristiq commercials are the embodiment of my nightmares
username bummer; you should become a spokesman for zostavax -- shingles vaccine.
hastag tbicri14 zk compares unnoticed increase in heart attacks due to vioxx to not noticing that fedex workers are throwing packages off plane
username trying to wrap up a playthrough of this when i get home tonight. i'm stuck in the long haul that is maridia
first round of room optimization and practice. stopped in maridia before phantoon. did not record. big saves to come! hyperlink
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
i need to get back on my advair
dr sebag: proteosome inhibitors work well. bortezomib and now carfilzomib we knew that from hastag nephmadness! hastag myeloma hastag csn14
rt username username not the cough suppressant ones. it should just be a throat lozenge made only of pectin. feel better soon…
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
username i was a fellow during the exubera role-out. similar unknowns.
i quit oxycodone + duragesic? weed causes psychosis...? username hyperlink
nuvaring you've done it again! hastag pregnancyfree
100 mg's of seroquel and 20 mg's of valium and i'm still not tired.
username i'd love to see if she had primed the advair before her using it. also u are suppose 2 rinse out ur mouth after. hastag rhony
oxbridge news: cambridge university battles ‘evil twins’ thalidomide scenario: advanced technology from cambridge university research...
username wtf did i type. ducolax*. imodium does the opposite. lol
my dog was put on xanax yesterday. if that doesn't work, they are gonna out him on prozac. mmmmmkay.
username username username i am pre dibetic but had no energy.dr put me on victoza feel 100% also on high protein
it's a love hate relationship with adderall
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hastag bloated hastag jpouch hastag ibd
i'm losing my voice at the username dragon expo! hastag lozenge
username i'm right there with you with awful pain stiffness. humira mtx plaquenil aren't working today persevering face  hastag rheum
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
username username probably imodium after that stv poll
rt username don't ever brush your teeth and follow it up with a cherry lozenge. goblin
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
username that is not a defense of sps in this case. but a defense of lasix/bicarb + miralax after hastag nephjc tonight.
okay i have to shower before my mom gets out of her tysabri
this metformin working overtime today
username is it? or will it be exubera all over again?
rt username what is antidepressant fluoxetine is prescribed for? hastag depressiondrugs hastag ssri  hastag drug
granny and jaden gone say i need to look into that latuda bipolar depression medicine because something wrong with me
why is ann m. martin polishing my imodium ad? why is my spaceship filled with busy farts? why is cher lloyd farting in my car?
hastag babymeetup meg, for silent reflux is meds such as nexium good for baby long term or is anti acid like gsviscon better.
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
username thinking of you, kevin. hope they continue to do their best in managing your pain. velcade is an impressive drug.
username i take synthroid will have to do so for the rest of my life. i already feel like i have lots of energy.
username username neurontin xanax , plus during flare time lortab 7.5. non break through pain a couple of ultrams
username viox playing peacekeeper after about reacts to gk shove by the corner flag for yellows
so i need adderall like right now
rt username and i share cipro rt username every morning username shares his tic tacs on the username set. hint?
the only fluoroquinolone antibiotic that not need to renal adjustment is  moxifloxacin
you want to order tamiflu profilactically for your patients and i give you 99 boxes all i have and you say that's not good enough. fuck you!
username username let me know when u try the buprenorphine xoxox
username what are your views on gabapentin or pregabalin in the treatment of fatigue??
if cnbc combined cialis and humira ads: there i was again, explaining my moderate-severe erectile dysfunction to my down under stylist
medtronic gets into drugs? promoting amgen's prolia via spine reps? this is big, possibly.
be feeling the looking symbicort breakdancing dixy y king. honk. huey just learned how to boot. meka chala, meka pew plymouth
i think russell norman sound try sucking a lozenge. may help him stop clearing his throat all the time. will be easier to keep up with him.
username and then sildenafil citrate put him out of business?
username i was asking because i take warfarin and keep an eye on new anticoags. b-ms apixaban trials seem to be a bit too good.
rt username hastag portola announces factor xa inhibitor hastag prt4445 reverses anticoagulant activity of hastag eliquis at hastag isth3013 hyperlink
username can i ask what you're switching from/to? i've had to come off effexor twice over the years, and it's the absolute pits.
wolfe was wrong on one thing - we had a second speaker.... women from copd foundation in support of approving drug. spiriva hastag copd adcom
hastag democratracehorses boniva butthurtz
substituting my adderall for caffeine pills this morning....this will be a disaster
whoa, that temazipam works wonders. took 3 this week and it was such a difference!!!
oh u sing in the shower? i get sang to... - latuda
username *hugs* to you too. i'm lucky that since pregabalin increase i don't have the physical stuff -heart, puke, panic. just thoughts
all college students should be prescribed with adderall
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
the xarelto adds on the jacc covers are getting old. c'mon username
username very true. maybe you might need a higher dose of the hastag humira like 2 shots or even a different hastag biological drug?!
listening to unfuck u by lyrica anderson
i'm reading the side effects of viibryd and can't help but wonder... what the fuck is an abnormal orgasm? it sounds awesome.
rt username username because im 17, compose my own beats. lyrically im dope enough to assfuck the dude who made nicotine”who tf is
username username i got your fuckin' burrito. got it right here. along with a nice romcom i pulled up on netflix. :d and imodium
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
this imodium commercial is far too sexy for a product for diarrhea hastag illtakesix
last night i took imodium so i wouldn't shit username
survived the non-venlafaxine disaster with diazepam. home now, thank fuck, with the medication some zop imbibed. should be okish tomorrow.
i love commercials. my new favourite..the tamiflu commercial alien
could use some ventolin right about now
hastag acc14 savor trial -no benefit from saxagliptin on cv outcome
actually laughing about how little sense it makes that the richest, most successful people in america are also the dumbest. thanks prozac!
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
glenmark-msd januvia patent row drags on in court. the infamous tareeq pe tareeq that indian judiciary is known for!
her pupils are oxycontin her tongue is suboxone strip
she better have them triple c's my adderall
username sorry i missed it will google it. tell jack he will be fine like sharks we gotta keep moving.teva tysabri my cocktail of choice
suboxone is my anti-drug
username username i take vimpat along with keppra and it seems to help even though i still have break throughs
just took my trazodone... goodnight everyone ;)
username ha! ipad corrected memantine to 'merman tine' reminds me of zoolander!
cs on cipla: advair generic is a nearly $800 mn mdi market in europe
lmao rt username rt username pretty sure that song's about a nuvaring rt username baby, i can feel your halo.
username username massive reaction at my liraglutide injection site. been on it a fortnight with no issues. should i worry? advice?
according to this enbrel commercial, phil mickelson has changed his name to philmickelsonprogolfer,
username username it's the eliquis po. :)
has anyone else been on venlafaxine/effexor? i'm on it now and i have shitty side affects with it
i do so much work when i take my vyvanse. too bad there's only like a week left? ha
username also keep some imodium handy.
dear fluoxetine, please help me go through this fucking nightmare. amen.
username understood anyone that hangsout w my sister would be as big of an asshole as she is i dont diet on adderall fuck all of uu bye
diclofenac is also used widely treat human conditions. raptors pick up toxic residues in discarded carcasses.
oh shittttttttttt this soup recipe calls for an entire container of miralax
2 dextroamphetamines,valium,lamictal, now paxil. cmon man!!!!!!! i hate this routine.
melissa wilson from penn talking about addis sorafenib to carboplatin and pacilitaxrl in melanoma hastag aacr14
username username right? was prescribed boniva yrs ago 4 nothing really. read about possible side effects, dropped it, said never again!
depression hurts cymbalta can suck this dick
latuda is for bipolar people, and my mom told me i should take it, fuuuh
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
cyrena owens, site perf. mgr. exelon at u.s. women in nuclear conference - cumulative impacts.  hastag uswin2014 hyperlink
machiavelli winery binds uninhibited albuterol midtones and a insipid hazelnut aftertaste in their 2009 pinot noir. hastag النار
spotlight update 3-astrazeneca touts independence as nexium drug keeps on giving: london, nov 6 (reuters) - astrazeneca, which saw of...
i'm sick so i had a difflam lozenge and now my tongue is numb and i'm on tv aaahhhhhh
metformin experience of a friend, the side effects were horrible on the first 2 days, blog says
at women's energy summit led by icc commissioner maye; exelon ceo crane on panel highlighting diversity is key. hyperlink
username they must think i came up the lagan in a bubble. i'll be at their door in the morning with milk of magnesia and imodium
damn you spiriva commercial with elephants
my mama make sure i take and put my nuvaring back in!! but i think i wanna get off it
i swear to god i try to stop my delusions but there u are wearing female sweaters ok im heavy breathing i need my ventolin
username username username hahaha!!! the suboxone ad for her classier self face with tears of joy squinting face with tongue
went to ask about getting a prescription of advair and the lady looked at me and said to use for?......uh breathing?
its basically vaccine day at the pharmacy today and i couldn't be happier!! first zostavax administered hastag nerd hastag smallthingsinlife
username reardon, galvin, page, et al. must be running to the toilet all week. they know they are knackered. try imodium lucazade
i had an advair inhaler for a cough. no asthma here. hastag rhony
username saw piece u did on constellation exelon merger. do u know anyone in media that covers that company? have nugget that is topical.
6 capsules of imodium and 14 toilet trips later i am wishing i had my mums shepards pie
so sad.i get such bad nose throat infections so often tt my doctor knows me by the antibiotic she always gives me - i'm the avelox lady :(
username all those levofloxacin mesofloxacin amoxillin.the drugs thy react with... /o\
username thanks! i gotta bunch of meds and the doc gave me tamiflu so i should be okay. and sorry i guess that didn't last long.
username there are mdma users that has no effect from mdma because of abuse, and trade gabapentin and pregabalin for money. a few, but...
baja fresh the kenny falafel fart, would american idol peugeot duck tales namenda camelot space invaders
one day i want to be as excited about something as the crestor guy
username username username i used to really want to try nuvaring but a) lawsuit and b) i tried an instead cup it did not go well
someone get doc emrick a throat lozenge!!!! hastag stanleycupfinals
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
back on that lunesta and lorazepam, sleep is for the weak.
username i have a brand new advair diskus. are you still trading for guest spots?
username and the prescribed her the tamiflu.. the tamiflu is another red cross plot to use against rather than heal
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
username levaquin (levofloxacin) works on both uti and ear/sinus/upper respiratory stuff as does bactrim.
username yes jackie. i'm on tysabri and have been for three years
alendronate (fosamax) interacts with whey protein: whey protein can decrease how much alendronate (fosamax) the body absorbs.
username me too i had great benefit with vioxx but the cv issues really concern me.
username the clinical trial studying pts on exubera has been ongoing for many years without any adverse findings.
username right now i am on enbrel. it's my 3rd month. can tell a difference in my skin and maybe the exhaustion level some better!
make an improvement yours offering lozenge personation with san diego seo
does anyone have any experience of humira (self-injection) and/or infliximab (infusions)? is either one better than other? hastag crohns hastag crohnies
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
thanks to the commit lozenge, nicotine is no longer my heroin, my friends. and my teeth aren't the color of butter! hastag commitlozenge hastag nosmoke
hastag bcc4 sartain: gabapentin / pregabalin seems like a good option for neuropathic pain in icu not much side effects
username i don't know why he put me on viibryd though. i mean, it helped for a little bit, but...then i seemed to get worse
video slots egyptian food mlm thoughts about us. symbicort octave megacoin money casino pewer cable car tim tebow. wrench
congressman peter king is well informed on the perils of ricin attacks....cipro isn't going to help you. ok pete.... hastag goodjobgoodeffort
username username ah, even though i was right about loperamide being synthetic, i was thinking of dxm and its rel'n to levorphanol
urea breath test =taking nexium hp7 can feel it working
username ohhh so it really has nicotine and they smell like a cigar. nice!!!
we will answer any questions you may have regarding a fosamax lawsuit. 1.888.520.5202 or 1.713.238.7758.
denosumab solves vexed question apropos of maxilla loss of ground advanced help midst prostate cyst: .xqy
if l can get this internship at exelon or unysys for next summer, that'd be the highllight of my year
i'm so fancy, you already know, i buy branded packs. from nexium to lipitor hastag whoodahh hastag whoodahh pharm-a-c-y
hastag mmsm i'm cindy from nj. currently in vgpr and using velcade maintenance
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hastag cantbetheonlyone hastag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
latuda is a medicine for depression? it sounds like the spanish translation for thundercunt.
lol screw ventolin inhalers what good do they do honestly
username absolutely. creator is worst offender for unearned premium. but $azn are champions. top 3: crestor, nexium now brillanta
first dose of tysabri today. so far so good...
username who's asthmatic?? a ventolin inhaler is around 1700 ..last tym i used it.a symbicort inhaler is 8000bob..but its very effective.
mimi and nuvaring got way too many issues
username how in the heck did you beat it that fast? i got like 8 energy tanks and stuff goin' on but i can't find maridia boss!
username yesterday was symbicort preventer, bricanyl reliever, ventolin in a nebuliser, and prednisone tablets.
6 months intensive therapy using pyrazinamide, ethambutol, kanamycin, levofloxacin, etionamide, cycloserin
fda will be analysing trial data to assess risks of saxagliptin on heart failure. more reason to support open data hastag alltrials username
need more oxy , need ventolin
username lol tbh yang attend antara perwakilan + singaporeans
holy shit trazodone hastag seeyatmw
who orders aciphex for a dog? ppl w a too much money issue $390.00 for #30 didn't batt an eyelash lol
old enough to remember protesting about thalidomide as a student. too old to properly recall what naive times i grew up in.
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hastag crazypeopleproblems
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
username , plenty of diclofenac , ice packs and sorbothane insoles for your gutties mate. tried and tested ! and start running in boot
never take fosamax
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
i could study all day/night when i take vyvanse!
username username completely agree, oxycodone is some strong shit. how many mgs are you taking how often chel?
boss just called me to tell me i'm the manager in charge of the exelon event tomorrow for the power plant at my restaurant!! clapping hands  hastag bossstatus
this the type of movie that makes me wanna pop a ton of adderall w/ my nose in the books and cocaine at the same time. hastag thewolfofwallstreet
username username username sales of onglyza have been so dismal that i expect the ni showing to *help* somewhat. $azn $bmy
bowel movement performs a knives the world series foot locker mommy islands lunesta paradigm snot not yacoin you. i sprinkles
so you knocking that thang out...just take it out lol ..but nah nuvaring is whack
are you like on paxil or something ? because you haven't had a meltdown and you don't get worked up anymore
username cipro is poison whether it's expired or not!
username username iwas tryin to get u steve.my sisters friend called back from the drs,10days levaquin 500mg the drip/burn will stop
we all know one asthma patient using ventolin inhaler which is a reliever medication. best choice of therapy is a controller medication
the pictures of me and gabriella that meridia put on facebook &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; so cute purple heart
kick-off bigmatch babak pertama antara username vs username hastag championshipdivision hastag finallfm2014
so glad i got an adderall prescription, fuck coffee in the mornings
username but a company was registered with cipro by part of the agang leadership!
username actually ....b(in case u wouldnt see the pic) a bitter coffee aaaand yas, presto and my ventolin hyperlink
it's all well good to say you're going to give this pt a geodon shot if he becomes violent, but it'd be nice if you gave him the shot.
$abio forecasting gencaro to overtake metoprolol market worth 1+ billion. metoprolol is top 50 prescription in usa. hastag lifestyle hastag rich hastag money
username username bring me ventolin
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
rt!! username antara stay apa go away -_-
username and that dude in the crestor commercial... hastag throatpunch
username suboxone withdrawals
and now it's screaming for nicotine
hastag rhony really??? thats an advair inhaler not for asthma.
hastag nosmokingdiary 2 days down and if you have a hard time sleeping, i suggest you use a mild nicotine lozenge. 2mg should do.
username thank you viox i can tell you are being sincere
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
c. bozic of username biogen decided to pull tysabri w/o knowing if could remarket. safety assessment priority. hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
d.r.u.g.s d: dank r: roxicodone u: ultram g: ghb s: suboxone
username username ughhhh it was a little cocky like oh everyone wanna hear from valarie zometa lol
fuck your stupid fluoxetine
username username apixaban and rivaroxaban also have xa in the name, which makes it easy to remember”
username i remember that place - eventually i went 'cold turkey'. my 1st tweets last year are about my experience coming off venlafaxine.
username adderall and coffee diet starts today hastag examweek so accurate it hurts
username no adderall tn pensive face i gotta study for this stupid accounting test tomorrow.” feeling this so hard
humira looks like it can protect you from everything but obamacare!   hastag betterlivingthroughchemistry
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
never heard of the drug sibutramine before. turns out it was pulled from us market in 2010. why is it an answer choice if we dont use it? pouting face
do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved lamotrigine aka hastag lamictal
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
rt username doc at podium says crpc sequence: provenge, zytiga, tax, denosumab, xytiga, jevtana hastag asco13
hastag bars rt username built like a boxer in the 40s with a 40 in my boxers on the porch with my shorty on suboxone
i need cymbalta
just saw after earth. i wouldn't say it's about scientology, except for the part where jaden smith blasts brooke shields for using paxil.
i feel so fucking alone. all i have are some sleeping pills, neurontin and skelaxin. worth a shot i guess.
username so god was in charge when thalidomide was developed which caused such awful deformities? now we know the culprit username
taking pregabalin ,amitriptyline , codeine for me/cfs hastag domedswork
weed adderall numbs my pain.
i hate when i see commercials for cymbalta, i just want to tell everyone it is horrible and satans drug. that's all.
username spring breakers the sequel starring maggie viox and gretchen thomas smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
username prozac  web definitions fluoxetine: a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
such a love/hate rt username username wtf is really good with an adderall doe weary face
gamma-aminobutyric acid acts as a neurotransmitter. it has slight stimulatory effects on the brain may help induce a state of calm. hastag gaba
username for asthma right? ventolin
username i was taking quetiapine last time. i don't ever want her to feel like that
username focalin and ritalin are a methylphenidate and adderall is a dextro-methylphenidate. focalin is the strongest one they make.
username naw but i love me some nicotine cigarettes
how to use paxil for premature ejaculation licensed approved ...: how to use paxil for premature ejaculation :: online retailer of ...
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
comparison of effectiveness of methadone and two sublingual formulations of buprenorphine on maintenance treatment outcomes experimental an…
username um... levothyroxine, metformin, paroxetine and birth control weeee
that adderall page has me dying face with tears of joy
how many tv's does dudley moore have? is kirstie alley smashing imodium ad in four queens? why is my diaper filled with brainy ramen?
i always think i'm outgrowing my asthma until i run out of my advair unamused face
username yes, definitely. sometimes i feel as i’m taking prednisone. did not feel this way prior to humira.
username i think that your neuro will prescrive you celecoxib - traamdol - codeine depending on your migraine since ibuprofen paracetamol
username try some loperamide (anti-diarrhea otc). it calms ur stomach in all regards, quiets ur body aches if u have any, make u sweepy
zostavax we all like raisin wheaties, george washington scraggly to ann taylor peaceful upworthy avert run the gong show snooby horse manure
keep taking the lamotrigine. maybe a miracle will happen. maybe you'll get back together. wishful thinking, dumbass.
i was given 1 temazepam pill in feb 2011. should i bin it now?
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
and it seems like murphy endorses nexium lol.  hastag znation
username unfamiliar with this. any correlation with aptt and efficacy? i say we just use rivaroxaban or apixaban instead...
username i'm currently on asenapine but i'll be starting aripiprazole + inderal on top of that. i also did clonazepam before
username hindi recommended ang efavirenz sa may history of psych problems and bipolars
username wow wee great result! :) glad all is well, good move with the victoza it would seem!
ranbaxy and username fail to derail pay for delay trial on nexium in the us. uncertain negative for ranbaxy
tamiflu script came in for husband no one else. called dr and he won't give prophylaxis for family. let's keep spreading the flu!!
oh dominique...you're making victoza commercials? im available for work.
latuda helps with bipolar disorders california take notes
peter. you order fartophobia analytic gall foul jennifer aniston. ron movie star. poop tore fart embitter maul aranesp farts
f you make a 80 on adderall you would probably make a 60 with out it..
ah crap, accidentally just swallowed my nicotine lozenge. let the countdown to agony begin.  hastag quittingsmoking
username during h1n1 pandemic, clinicians also cared for infected patients, with only oseltamivir to fall back on hastag hpmglobal
i just read neurontin ingredients. your basically using iron to absorbe or disrupt electrical impulses in the brain.@loveline
exelon wind v nelson—5th cir finds dist ct had no smj to hear chal to tex pub util comm order re energy purch; reverses sj re other claims
yall know what ( y'all prolly don't care ) i finally gave a eliquis . anybody i know is on coumadin or xarelto.
hahaha everyone's flippin out cus it's no tobacco day from today til 2nd june. gonna have nicotine deprived crazies in the streets today
would i be your littmus lozenge?
username have we not learned anything from the whole thalidomide fiasco?
thanks for the lamotrigine rts x
and now we wait for the vyvanse to kick in.
rt username astrazeneca ab v hexal ag ors [2013] ewca civ 454: anti-psychotic drug, quetiapine,invalid for obviousness hyperlink
username  confounded face oh noooo so u think it true too?!? where's username ? hoovie i'm depressed tired face their going to put me on cymbalta confused face ...
username and thalidomide was supposed to be a wonder drug. ah, if there was only integrity in marketing. ops.. another oxymoron.
soo i jus saw the pradaxa heart medicine commercial last week and they already got the lawsuit commercial on wth didn't they test this drug
hav the tuss and da pro ... and the big ass blocker suboxone clean for five years
latuda - depression medication- if that name doesn't make you laugh idk what will... hastag latuda
i follow the sponge bob memories twitter and they always rt the adderall had me like tweets and it makes me laugh kinda
depression hurts. and this time cymbalta can't help...
she announced she had type 2 diabetes on the day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza and a lucrative collaboration with the manufacturer
username bravo for dumping dean. you won a new fan in me. no one needs her food as we can't afford the victoza and she gets it free!
that moment when you hear kaidan alenko listing the sidr effects for humira.
username username claydunn uses xanax for anxiety. a schedule 4 drug next to valium and darvocet
it's wednesday and i have yet to take out this nuvaring
quetiapine recalled hastag bipolarnews
username username pretty much. also, i was wondering is your username a dog with thalidomide or a dog that helps someone with thalidomide?
latuda is great if you like side effects
rx misplaced or stolen. the cost of advair is so completely unreasonable. need it filled now and the cost is $248. hastag advair hastag glaxosmithkline
just took an adderall with the rest of my coffee hastag welcometofinalsweek hastag ifmyheartexplodesyouknowwhy
one of the side effects for lyrica (terrible name), a medicine for diabetic nerve pain, is suicidal thoughts or actions. wtf.
utility giant exelon hit a multi-year low on 1-3-14. i don't believe it had a single analyst buy rec. made a new 52-week high today. $exc
nephrologist is upset. thinks uloric is safer. i argue: 1. allo is reasonably safe 2. no data to support uloric is safer increasing to 400.
remember our first kiss on valentines and how it led to love, marriage, children, therapy, and prozac.
username thank you for sponsoring hastag thementalist eliquis
do not lie down for 30 minutes when taking alendronate and risedronate
mixed antara hardstyle x dubstep = sangar vroohh!!
i only have half a seroquel left :/
it's annoying i can't take half a vyvanse ugh.
username username i have used forever. started with nexium and moved to other brand, finally generic. it's come down in price a lot.
regarding microvascular end points, harold noted that saxagliptin reduced the development and progression of microalbuminuria.
username yeah, and diclofenac
username i was wondering that over the counter nexium forces people to take more pills to equal the equivalent of the prescription pills.
username ah. i was about to ask if you had ever taken neurontin but then i saw that the primary ingredient was lactose.. so...no.
correction: miralax is lyfe.
rt username sucking on the moon like a lozenge
username traveling to india while on humira.. what shots are required to stay safe? thanks.
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hastag venlafaxine hastag day15
username i actually miss my hastag remicade infusions. im on humira now and that quiet time was really nice every 6 weeks.
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
i can totally see people naming their kid latuda even though its a bi-polar medication. hastag latuda
all i know is, thc and lsd do 10x more for me than xanax, adderall, norcos prozac oxycontin any fucking pill
vyvanse and music is the best combination since spaghetti and meatballs. nigga.
someone bring me adderall pleaseeeee i'll love you forever ever
groggy zimmer unsure day of bears game: i didn’t get enough sleep last night. that lunesta did not work. here comes ambien box. hastag vikings
so far i'm up to 40mg of geodon injected tonight. keep it up sacramento.... i got more
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username sildenafil night long?
novel nnrti hastag doravirine from msd shown to be associated with lower rate of central nervous system events compared to efavirenz hastag hivglasgow
i just can't kick you username lunesta
hastag bb16 note 2 future bb hgs b4 go'n n get a prescription 4 fluticasone propionate nasal spray u will never have a dry stuffy nose n bb house
username in need of nicotine .” ini!
latuda is the name of a depression medicine. i can't even say that without giggling much less be depressed hastag latuda
valsartan hct 80/12,5 mg. help! hastag antihipertensivo hastag venezuelasinremedios
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
somebody go to the pharmacy and get the royals imodium they can't stop the runs!
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
username an imodium should sort them out
rt username pbs listing 'imminent' for novel oral anticoagulants dabigatran (pradaxa) and rivaroxaban (xarelto) hyperlink
proper treatment of a 72-year-old female who has been taking boniva iv should include all except what?
rt username username i just popped my first username lozenge! wow! can we extend handsome tuesday til saturday? hastag tingly hastag feelinglu…
ostrich crestor debt magcon agnez mo sliced eggplant punch with anchovies. cheez salmon i went blame basement about a nerd, constipation
i don't even notice i'm on vyvanse anymore. what happened..
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hastag vyvanse hastag daytimesleep
username i quit alcohol nicotine right now!! person gesturing NO person gesturing NO person gesturing NO person gesturing NO ” stop ittttt
username i was given 7 months worth of fluoxetine, at once. but my parents give it to me, i'm not trusted at all ;-;
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
there's no point gov making temazepam more prescribable, as gps won't give it anyway! they give 'nothing'. hastag nhs username
patient got mad because their advair discus had a $2 copay.... unamused face
rt username fda investigates deaths of two people taking zyprexa: federal regulators are investigating the deaths of two p... hyperlink
dear lord. just found two crestor tablets on the floor, probably left from mils visit. fortunately i found them instead of the girls?
i need a refill of oxycontin and trazodone
username username why i can't find exelon patch 10 in your pharmacy .
we all went to high school with that guy in the crestor commercial.
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
ofloxacin resistant
i'm so sad and hungry fixing to chug this miralax and die for the rest of the night hastag yay
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
83 yo pt. crestor 5mg. 1/2 tab every sunday.  seriously??? let it go. this is a worthless rx waste of $$$
pertandingan media berita antara wowfakta vs wowfak you hastag playboy fuck you :*
former parma heights police officer mike bell accused of stealing vicodin, vyvanse oxycontin from police evidence room.
username why did you quit covering advair diskus. only med that makes me feel like i don't have asthma. symbicort, dulera not as good.
i've just spent 49 mins hoovering up fish poo. i'm going to feed them imodium instants from now on.
barclays on ranbaxy: surprise on margins entirely driven by diovan
crestor commercial are made stupid annoying on purpose to raise blood pressure hastag mynewconspiracytheory username username
real world bortezomib in hastag amyloidosis is dismal, a telemedicine approach is needed to care for patients and coach local physicians
why tamiflu
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
di persimpangan antara i still care for you dengan i dont give a fuck anymore.
username i had this yesterday. hastag cycling better than prozac hastag cureall
username this time it was for symbicort inhalers. with a warning that it can increase the death rate from asthma
an imodium ad but for all of the shit that comes out of your mouth.
gabapentin and pregabalin best drugs for diabetic neuropathy. (kaplan 2ck) hastag diabetes
don't smoke cigarettes for nicotine shortens life! smokeв marijuana for laughter prolongs life:))
username mom texted mark in hollywood ... i still have it in the air who ya got? hastag smackoff hastag lozenge hastag siri hastag jstew hastag mybitchwife hastag smackoff
username try loperamide to bind it up whike flagyl treats it. take a dose aftee every movement. don't eat. ndo
lamictal* rt username symbalta can help username depression hurts.”
new post (six diet pills with hidden sibutramine recalled) has been published on get fit bookmark
yeah i know puff puff pass just lemme get my ventolin
like if he's being a shit head make him soup and put some miralax in there like eat up bitch. enjoy.
username hastag myboyfriendisnotallowedto sigh in public . you tired or sad ? cymbalta can help . lmfao!!
rt username cat bite -&gt; pasteurella multicida -&gt; tx is augmentin if pcn all then cipro + clinda hastag foamed hastag meded hastag abim
just found out my favorite bracelet is actually a nuvaring :(
saffron has antidepressant effects comparable 2 prozac it makes the feel-good neurotransmitter serotonin more available 2 the brain hastag foodies
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hastag viibryd hastag bipolar hastag depression hastag ocd hastag meds hastag confusion hastag agitation hastag itching
implanon, a flexible plastic rod inserted in the upper arm skin contains 68mg of etonogestrel substance, believed to prevent pregnancy person gesturing OK
no 5 - advair diskus, gsk's newer respiratory med with 14.5 mill scripts is another brand teetering on the edge of a big fall to generics
username but, $7 after tax for my ventolin and my antibiotic...not about to start complaining about that either though. lol
ni mesti ada chemistry antara each other . k
these imodium needs to kick in already.
lunesta in hand: 1st holiday weekend off since last year this time hastag excited hastag ineedit
via username judge in upcoming nexium trial refuses to bar two plaintiffs' experts.
wooot refill on temazepam today, refill on xanax tomorrow. later stress-o! hastag xanax hastag benzoholic
children of thalidomide
hastag download aggrenox - a medical dictionary, bibliography, and annotated research guide to internet references - icon health… username
dr. rodan: avoid sedation during cat exam by having clients give 100mg gabapentin 90 min before appt (mix in food). hastag thecvc hastag veterinary
username called humira nurse, she said most are exposed to the virus that causes it by adulthood but to call dr if i got symptoms. :/
username hello-i take paxil for d&amp;a and no meds for pain. my pain scale is a 4 now. i have been tired lately. my days nights mix'd up.
least expensive in nation- generics for lipitor, effexor xr, lexapro, plavix, proscar, flomax $25 for 90 day supply. fda-approved rxs.
after 3 1/2 hours of sleep i'm exhausted but can't fall asleep neutral face ... this trazodone is gonna knock me out sleeping face zzz
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
this job has made me realize how much i really do need adderall to function like a human pensive face
obama should try either chantix tablets or nicotrol nasal spray.people don't even know he smoked or smokes.smokescreen lol.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
synthroid safe breastfeeding
rene russo had a fight scene in thor 2 i couldn't stop thinking about how much boniva she needed to prepare for it. hastag thor
username it's probably cipro resistant so yes. you'll need a different kind of abx
username i had a pretty srs flare mid-feb. guess the tecfidera isn't working.
username the new ones are stronger than tysabri without the brain infection risk. they're finding people who are jc neg still get it.
username maybe a lozenge will help.
trazadone is the only thing that helps me sleep at night
but at any given night, i'd still pop that ass like a prozac.
username xopenex and pulmicort
i was in bed 7 hours ago yet i'm still up loudly crying face i need some fuqqin lunesta
username the antiviral drugs oseltamivir and zanamivir - which are used to treat infection with human seasonal viruses -- also show activi
username boniva stocks just went way up.
username i've heard metformin really helps. they didn't really treat my pcos but i took metformin during some of my fertility treatment.
ugh i just threw up my nuvaring
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
viagra sildenafil blood pressure
username specialist? i am taking lamotrigine for bipolar. less on the schizoid spectrum for me.
please! look up the victoza commercial!! most ridiculous thing ever!
username i already did. i have the flu. and i'm taking tamiflu for it. but this shit has not kicked in yet i guess
people keep asking me what i want for xmas. i have to take miralax and benefited twice a day so those would be great ideas. no joke.
i'm really hoping some oxycodone scotch will help me better tolerate the asteroid size kidney stone making its way to my urethra anxious face with sweat loudly crying face
today is adjust the apixaban dose day...welcome to being 80 lmao that was good
username the nebulizer meds have more serious side effects so i try to hold off if i can use the xopenex instead. its on standby.
username try some tums lol i've been feeling good ever since i took some nexium for like 2 weeks it's pricey tho
username i always try. but i do have to get some revenge on meridia now.
natco pharma says pleased with bombay high court decision to uphold compulsory licence on nexavar issued to co
probably not a good idea to chase this nexium down with coffee buuuut..
username wait till the loperamide shortage hits  pity its not domperidone, then we'd sort some crappy rxing
username do you always get side-effects with fluoxetine?
username also if it gets bad and she's having trouble, they can have miralax mixed with juice, our pediatrician recommended it!
i've been on - prozac,zoloft,celexa,paxcel,stritera,klonopin,abilify,seroquel now tell me i'm not fucked up
username mmm, seroquel seems to be working for me for now....will see...
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
lunesta in hand:thankful i've got my daughters little dog here tonight the other has had his mama cleaning up piles, several times today.
username i feel ya... i just downed some miralax
username w/the synthroid in the morning i’m supposed to wait least 30 min (preferably 1 hour) before eating/drinking, esp caffeine. :/
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
 pensive face i wish older people wouldn't take xarelto pill !, it's so risky!, all medicines are risky! just let life handle health
hastag vilazodone can make any man gay for pussy gay for ice cream. imagine being into ice cream more than pussy?! hastag antidepressants
username used to be a time this team had a since imodium pride. those days are long gone. feel sorry for jamaal wasting his career in kc.
these drugs prescribed for me were exenatide and victoza worrying a bit now
fart president's day. ah, ding ding snail pogcorn cinni ventolin hfa seo poo goo asscreed senioritis george washington donald trump
sat q: at the end of words and deeds, what did wilson think abt the buprenorphine that he gave house? he got it from voldemort
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
username yep rats everywhere. can't get z-cam otc either, it works. vioxx no different than other nsaids..
oy rapper to flex suboxone username sign me
from jessica i have recently changed anti-depressants from cymbalta to zoloft...does anyone else get daily migraines from taking zoloft?
seroquel dreamin fuuuck it
yo…why is this patient on crestor 40mg, zetia 10mg, lovaza 4g, niaspan 1g, trilipix 135mg and welchol 3.75g?…dude…i can’t with docs today
username the light never bothered me. i've had insomnia for years. lunesta seems to be the only thing that helps recently.
username the offending meds were geodon with a heavy dose of risperdal for crisis prevention!
glenmark confirms patent challenge for its generic versions of vimpat in the us court
username take some nexium and watch what u eat.
it's a shame that i can't pay attention to anyone or anything without adderall
username whant to join viox
yanno, i pay $30 a mo for synthroid and i can't tell if it's just really expensive or if my insurance is shitty. seems like a lot.
username yeah i'm allergic to plaquenil and ibuprofen won't help. ask for robaxin, lyrica and hydrocodone 10/325.
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
take suboxone without a tolerance and you're gonna have a bad time.
username i suffer from new daily persistent headaches. my dr has me on gabapentin and botox and they are working wonders.
username the nuvaring doesn't fit me :(
just watched blythe danner hawking prolia and thought, wow, she'd be perfect for a product that can fix that burned-up hair.
anybody kno a doctor that'll prescribe me 5000 adderall blunts
rt username username and if not, i still have issues sleeping and he doesn't wanna do the trazodone again, so wooo!
reduced bone resorption with less effect on bone formation with mk0674 versus alendronate and denosumab. preclinical research at hastag asbmr14
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
username after doing camp in edo state, i can confirm that i synthesise imodium naturally.
hastag fda approves bi's spiriva respimat for hastag copd
poor holly has the flu bug squinting face with tongue . fyi - the flu shot is only 40% effective this year and tamiflu is friggin expensive! whole family on prevent...
username girl nuvaring got it on freeeeeze loudly crying face loudly crying face no time soon
us medication adverts are scary. just saw the advert for enbrel - may cause death
username another one for you, women prepare yourself for username with the gag lozenge now available hyperlink
i had a patient call his levothyroxine liver rocket tonight. adding this to my 'best incorrectly pronounced pharmaceutical names' list.
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
impotence young women what dose does viagra come in tadalafil tablets ranbaxy
sildenafil citrate on women
username username username i just filled my prescription for xarelto! :-d
januvia for diabetes 2 costs around $300 for a month. merck
it's much easier to read about latuda than it is to engage with her. hastag wiunion hastag truefact
username i'm on enbrel myself and it's been life changing, as i could barely walk before i took it, as i have sacroiliitus.
suboxone is nasty asf
username username i take quetiapine for the mania and citalopram for depression. think they're supposed to balance eachother
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
lol at the victoza commercial made up entirely of side effects hastag baddrug
lool@seunbule: and flagyl + levofloxacin to end it username nothing like local ewa agoyin to start the day
hastag humira hastag remicade hastag crohns chime in people. tell me what you like and what works.
username laughter is the best medicine. or percocet, heroin, weed, seroquel, xanax. jenelle can recomend more. bath salts too
stdssss.... shit to do!! baking like nigella on speed for the big hastag ms bake sale tomorrow to support username p.s needing tecfidera
sister took my makeup with her to vegas = i put miralax in all her protein powder.
username im hell on wheels. i just wish cymbalta made a 15mg capsule.
a diagnoses of secondary insomnia and being without my trazodone is hastag whyicantsleepatnight. bummer.
username username interesting article. here in uk, buprenorphine not commonly sold on street. huge usage in uk prisons.
and makeup hair and nails all must be right to travel as really. ast rally astrally. on point aligned stars lining up saphris under tongue
vyvanse masks me so depressed
username had one this week order vascular heparin gtt with 15 mg xarelto daily to be increased to bid once the heparin was off. whaaaa?
the first thing i see on twitter is like 10 posts of adderall hastag whatislife username
atomoxetine (strattera) is a non-controlled substance used in the treatment adhd (selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor)
this fuckin albuterol is tired face
username username and 20 pills of lunesta if it's a pill
metformin is worth keeping an eye on. small indicators showing possible price increase.
pretty sure i need to be prescribed to lunesta
rosuvastatin dosage adjustment is required in patients with severe renal impairment.
username if you love your friends, you will not provide them with potentially crippling poison. cipro destroys lives!
come on trazodone knock me outtt
wasn't latuda the name of an alien in hastag starwars ?
imodium just wore off
username are u aware that antidepressants like prozac,luvox,paxil contain fluoride as much as 90%fluoride in thr overall composition
the adderall diaries: day 2- chemically induced friendliness
up all night in complete agony with hastag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hastag zombie
username geodon is used to treat schizophrenia.
username i'm going to put some metformin on the table, all of them are about to get diabetes!
you know you're old when nexium is your drug of choice.
so i'm guessing you are in depression... cymbalta can help.
username i think nexium pill
mmm, lunesta is calling. good night, friends. see you at 11 am central.
i have to be put on quetiapine as if i needed one more thing to swallow
username he overdosded on trazodone (anti depression pills) the standard dosage was 1 he took 8...
username fluoxetine is shit! why are you on quetiapine?xxx
today i learned that imodium is just heroin that has been modified so that it doesn't affect your brain but still causes constipation
someone broke into our apartment and stole tons of money and my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face confounded face weary face face screaming in fear
at least with getting my teeth pulled out, i can blame not feeling anything on codeine
who knew boniva also lifted and tightened all the skin on your face and neck?!
username fluoxetine its the generic stuff for prozac
2nd generation oral hastag hypoglycemic drugs :  - glibenclamide - gliclazide - metformin - metformin + glibenclamide
username not eating all the metformin in one sitting! hastag sweettooth hastag candyaddict hastag diabeteschallenge
username i assume you've heard of vioxx -- there generally is at least one story a month like this.
every monday i have to give my self enbrel and i tell my self i'm strong ...helps me every time.
username hastag quote me milton friedman on the thalidomide issue and then think of quoting him again.
username co focus on profit not revenue in advair with price increases (nominal vs. realised), not as straightforward as u make it sound
i'm such a happier person when i take vyvanse smiling face with smiling eyes
thank u for adderall (':
i have to take my advair in 20 mins. and of course, with my luck, the ambrose and wyatt match is now, so it’ll still be going then. roar!
username i'd rather ultimately see kindra put a shadow dagger through anerazis chest than maridia getting destroyed in a battle.
 pensive face should've taken the ridiculously expensive meds or does anyone have paxil for sale? lmao hastag migraine hastag killmenow
these humira commercials are so dramatic.
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
username you (manufacturer) cannot answer questions about nexium otc, yet neither can username who markets? scoville would be sullen!
bruce hulse represents the pinnacle of male modeling...weird to see him in xarelto drug ads these days. hyperlink
lmaooooooooo rt username username rt if you got a ring just cuz your pussy good..” nuvaring
not suitable for women who may become pregnant so don't take crestor if you plan on getting it on tonight? hastag cholesterol
username i missed you so so so much today!!! now i need to take a ton of hastag cymbalta cyclone
weird how the xarelto ads look like the marketing for the upcoming x-men movie. coincidence? doubt it! hastag hospmed14 hyperlink
username worth the dopey ness of getting used to the topamax (to me) though, bc the saphris is p. much amazing for me.
did anyone else see the worst jump shot in the history of basketball in the eliquis commercial during the florida/ucla game?
azithromycin and levofloxacin use and increased risk of cardiac arrhythmia and death
username a cheap imitation no way, siri cooties me. i'm more effient and not a machine!
username after seeing this post yesterday i am wondering about the results of atorvastatin trials posted in clinicaltrials . gov...
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
i'm opening a restaurant called anhedonia and all we're going to serve is diet root beer and old candy corn hastag zyprexa
to get your better life with this product sextreme oral jelly - sildenafil citrate 120mg hyperlink
off for a coffee and a lozenge for this nasty throat of mine. any old remedies out there?
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
am snack: 12 hour sudafed b-complex 1000mg vitamin c antihistamine delsym shots of fluticasone propionate ready 4 some football! hastag beardown
really not looking forward to being up in 5 hours.. to work for 12 hours straight.. well. looks like i'll be cracked out on vyvanse tomorrow
in sub-analysis eliquis (apixaban) benefits v warfarin reducing stroke risk in patients w/ nonvalvular af consistent regardless bp control 1
my trazodone be havin me gonee
actually scratch loperamide
nicotine always makes me get out of a bad mood
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. give that bitch a banana.
username galantamine is reversible competitive inh of ach-ase while rivastigmine is reversible inh of butyrylesterase&amp;ach-ase kaaa
i would totally party with xarelto bob. he's a rebel! tell that gps i don't think so! xarelto bob. bad ass...
hastag amyloidosis patients who fail to respond to subcutaneous bortezomib may respond to iv administration
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
username i don't miss mine. vyvanse is better in every way
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hastag doublewhammy
one bit of advice from the drug latuda is avoid grapefruits or grapefruit juice while taking latuda. hastag why hastag yourdickfallsoff
peach heavycoin sigh...oh netscape advair diskus q. what time affleck raps in horse ebooks lois pulling q. in buck richard: arsenio boarder
nexium level protection. for those who over indulge in christmas cookies, eggnog and other high fat foods. hastag northpolemovie
watching abc app and the mickelson enbrel ad came in 10 times.makes me wonder number of people with psoriatic arthritis hastag phrmamarketing
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
rt username username saaaaame here! seroquel is definitely a placebo. i'm on abilify now but i refuse to take it because those …
username attempted to view zometa video. says it is private? how do you access it?
the pm mike hancock is now on prozac.
rationing my advair because our new health insurance doesn't cover my asthma medication. breathing is way overrated.
there's a company called humira. and well... i'm 3arab so of course i'll pronounce it 7umaira
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
username have they put u on pregabalin?! whatever it is i hope it helps :-) im a huge pregabalin fan wouldn't get threw day w/out it!! x
username diclofenac is stronger. naproxen an codeine should do the job tho. stagger the doses tho to maximum effect of both drugs thumbs up
as effective as enbrel is on my hastag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
trazodone kicking in , gooodnight victory hand sleeping face zzz
.@ewoolleyward8 surgeon general said that thalidomide was safe. 5m+ kids dead because a dr wanted ddt banned. hastag yyc hastag yyccc hastag yycbike
not ready to kick the habit? try nicotine lozenges. they helped users cut back, even when they thought they didn’t want to quit.
username i am horrified and cry laughing and now i need ventolin
looking to hear peoples experiences of swapping remicade (infliximab) with humira (adalimumab). hastag ibd hastag crohns hastag crohnsdisease
username u need loperamide
study aid username adderall had me passing all my classes.”
username let the benadryl spread thru your system then i start the remicade. always hated the infusion process. enbrel is better 4 me
username yeah i took some imodium now, i'm just so over it
who got the suboxone tho?
i'm bored, i guess i'll pack a lip. using nicotine to cure boredom is not a smart move. fuck it.
ghostwriting has become an increasingly troublesome problem in the medical science community, and the vioxx debacle is a perfect example of
username my childhood friend with hastag crohns did well on enbrel for years before it stopped working (price unbelievable here in us)
who got that albuterol on deck tho? face with medical mask
welp i am hungry and i better take my geodon or i will stay on here all night
username lmao i take pristiq
username username username hot dogs meet mr. carvedilol and mr. atorvastatin also let me go ahead and introduce mr kidney doc
username hopefully it will have good effects with me. they took me off metformin about 2 years ago since my levels were way down
this eliquis commercial is weird to me
rt username i got home from school at 9, and cleaned the whole house...perks of being on vyvanse
does anyone else suffer symptom after symptom i only got diagnosed march and on tysabri and can't have anymore steroids i have had 3 lots
really enjoyed the panel yesterday at the exelon innovation expo. thanks username , username username
i need cymbalta
hastag worlddiabetesday now without metformin for me c: hastag bluecircle
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
username does she take a regular albuterol inhaler or even have anything prescribed? i've had advair that i would take once a day.
hearing stories about putting suboxone in eyes; being reminded i can still be surprised.
username username username might be the end of saxagliptin usefulness right there
html acomplia loss weight http jjustkidding nexium html nexium http bcroofing1 index html cialis generic onl
username bloody mary's &gt; tamiflu
6. the makers of hastag nuvaring took the data of two of women with hastag estrogen surges out of the calculations for the chart they have on the label
username after (hopefully my final surgery) my doc is adding enbrel to the therapy.
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
username i'm on tramadol, arthrotec, pregabalin, duloxetine amytriptaline for pain plus depression... told on max doses but not sure
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
can't seem to find an episode of intervention for all the drugs i got put on as a kid that i can't get off. huh wonder why- *paxil ad plays*
username holy shit hahah im gonna do that fuck i get free vyvanse lol i miss you so much we need to chill soon :(
oxycodone abusers are not properly informed about what the side effects of this drug can do when ingested. call specialists (888) 590-0777
username i'll raise you my lorazepam and lamictal to you xanax :)
eliquis and warfarin are two drugs on the market that have been approved and named for humans to take to fix something.  hastag wtftw hastag braincandy
username i can't stand the injections! tecfidera is where it's at! hastag mslife
speaking of vyvanse, mine is wearing off.
prozac and that oxycontin.
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hastag fuckms
username have them less frequently and always with tagamet or nexium on hand. lol. how are you? did you have a fabulous saturday?
username what? i said i appreciated it earlier. i thought we were friends viox i thought we were friends
the fda has approved over-the-counter flonase allergy relief, or fluticasone propionate 50 mcg nasal spray, for treatment of hay feve...
nexium or denexiom or zoidex
username username username this drug is far safer than tysabri and mitoxantrone which have already been approved.
username username username varenicline is regulated. it's dangerous and ineffective.
username i have 4 of them: prince valium, zoloft, viibryd and paxil. xd
sally field keeps my boniva strong.
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
haha if i go to the hospital for another time i go to residential. wonderful. guess i'm not going back for a 5th time. latuda be good to me.
username look for baby lunesta next to baby tylenol at a drug store near you!
this is hugh up, miss meridia
username yeah, i think that's my biggest dilemma. i'm never sure if the humira is working.
username username username thanks for your support and guidance today, at the thalidomide survivors art exhibition username
anchovy pizza excessive farts rude! no no, that's beef usual for picking time gout stepping on evading toll with toby vesicare
medications like methadone suboxone let people live productive lives while reducing the use of illegal drugs. hastag heroinhitshome
take ciprofloxacin and diclofenac twice daily (again).. i hate this disease.
welcome username to nexium :)
username username calm down guys i have imodium xd
aciex has received patents for ac-170 cetirizine ophthalmic compositions ac-155 fluticasone propionate nano-crystalline compositions.
saw the new symbicort commercial. the furries are taking over
username effexor , second time was a combination of some other prescribed pills and pristiq
username username username i don't accept negative answers, so we can do it. it'll work. &lt;3
username great!!! my levels have improved greatly, ty for asking! sparkling heart i'm on victoza (?) now and it has really helped! plus i am continuing...
crazy bitch... u missed your dose of latuda today didn't you?
gawd i missed taking my cymbalta last nite...not good;p  running to drug store fast!
nebivolol and appetoll. for a normal heartbeat! hyperlink
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
username would you like a crestor with that?
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
does lozenge rhyme with orange? surely that would make that stupid rhyming humour about orange false...
is the little girl in the prolia commercial apple? or does blythe danner always garden with random neighborhood children?
username thank you. $197 for the flovent was a killer.
someone mixed up the sertraline 100mg with the sildenafil 100mg tablets on the dispensary shelf. brings a new meaning to 'banging headache'.
username still the same. went to hospital. i have a trapped nerve. given diclofenac and diazepam
username if noticing is taken to be factive, you haven't noticed those things either. occam was a christian, btw. also, learn physics
levofloxacin tasted like death srsly
username miss the advair hahaha
username game time or real time? i always pick up plenty of e-tanks for maridia and ridley. better to be safe than sorry.
username tamiflu is not licensed to gsk...roche
does anyone in vegas have any tamiflu i can barrow
hastag ens2013: prof comi presents hastag msresearch poster on safety of switching from tysabri to username username
username right now...they r, imho overprescribing gabapentin and pregabalin...in tx, substituting for hydrocodone bitatrate
i just saw a commercial 4 crestor (cholesterol meds) they try 2 convince u diet exercise isn't enuff. hastag shame hastag noexuses hastag veganproblems
long term follow-up of a phase iii lamotrigine/capecitabine trial
username ur a fucking junkie..wanna buy some methadone or suboxone
bout to have an adderall free break !
i hate the low after the high on vyvanse
username nexium bourbon.
fibromyalgia may be a side effect!mt rt username rt username she in boniva commercials?the meds are for bones.
that symbicort commercial is on! :)
a simple, written checklist of to-do items can help everyone from an entry-level employee to a leader of a large company become more effient
i like lamictal
lunesta works, but then id have to go to sleep earlier
world series nuvaring hastag sexybaseball
username i have spoken to you before i don't know if this would help you but i am now taking something called pregabalin check it out
simponi injection pen &gt; enbrel injection pen. so much less painful, much quicker, and easier to use! now let's hope it works. hastag rheum
boniva makes your bones strong and it also turns your blood into electricity.
username get that dog some geodon and counseling
ima need some adderall for this english 11 eoc..
hastag fml [49 storm ran] xopenex killed by a kuo-toa warrior hastag carrionfields hastag rpg
tai cheau xuen lost her appeal after she tested positive for sibutramine and was stripped of her wushu gold medal.
username off the top of my head? no. bisoprolol, nebivolol, metoprolol m/r and carvedilol only iirc.
i have strong tablets and i have my ventolin which is strong that if i have over 10 puffs i can die x i haven't stanley knife and
hastag eacem2014 hastag foamed hastag megankwasniak rectal diclofenac found better than iv ketamine!
username username why would they call it latuda see-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey
im down with crestor
crazy thing bout twiiter is i always tweet lyrica nd yall never kno if im foreal or not! smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with horns
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
username eg? well function dia utk maintain the pressure so kira antara part penting ah kalau nak built transportation
the next time y'all see me i'm going to be on a cymbalta commercial.
popping paxil inside with a/c &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; having a breakdown outside under the sun
freedom extension described: denosumab for 7y in hastag osteoporosis vs pbo 3y+denosumab 4y  hastag eular2013
username they're really upset!!! someone find username some prozac!!
username selena gomez looks like a thalidomide victim in that picture
username username nexium
e e but oseltamivir is so expensive
username i'm on codeine, loperamide and an antibiotic (only just got it tonight and can't remember its name). fun, fun. or not.
today i'm thankful for nyquil and tamiflu
username username infliximab, you need go in to hospital, arrange appts etc, make time. with humira pens, its at home, diy.
in the other large study, the metoprolol in myocardial infarction (miami)...
username we have imodium for diarrhoea. we have no cure for ebola. next question.
this throat lozenge nasty
username username username ventolin works for me
username or take loads of imodium at the imperial war museum. or go to ireland.
lord i'm in soooo much pain right now, pork chops finally good n soft, just took my last dose of gabapentin 4 the night 2 tramadol's pill pill
username ive been on actemra w/ mtx for 11 mths which works reasonably(not 100%)before that enbrel and cimzia w/mtx which didn't work at all
username but you'll leave me again. i am going to need cymbalta to help my depression now.
waitt..here it comes..the hastag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hastag fmlimugly
do i feel weak because of running out of symbicort 400/12, because of strenuous gardening, or because of rivaroxaban (xarelto)?
reviews flow more easily with the assistance of beer. though not taken quetiapine yet.
username i hate ashma weary face yesssssss i am not alone. i have spiriva inhalers btw but i'm all out of the good red ones.
username be aware of meds like lyrica that mask pain. condition still there. fix the neuropathy the pain goes away.
username nah you built like a miralax bottle
i may need to up my cymbalta. i want to dump this girl's sno-cone on her head. and that really won't go over well. username
so i've spent an hour of my morning looking at reviews on youtube for the nuvaring now i'm freaked out. flushed face
soooo....there is an depressant pill being advertised on tv right now called: latuda
so yes i am a 27 year old with shingles. ow. i wouldn't wish this pain upon anyone pensive face but enjoying my codeine throughly
i think the old guy on the symbicort commercial is really short of breath because he's into autoerotic asphyxiation.
not sure what to think re: use of etanercept as rad tx 4 aphasia. only research is by dr who patented its use. lots of qus after username
hastag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
travel clinic appt scheduled! prescriptions filled for cipro!  it's all coming together!! haiti here i come!!
pepco holdings has reached a tentative settlement in a shareholder lawsuit challenging its acquisition by exelon corp.
username - sally field... that's a boniva walk if i ever saw one..... :)
did michael and john take lunesta ? hastag peterpanlive
prozac can go down the drain
username yes, pot is very good at helping neuropathy, and in conjunction with neurontin i bet it would give you lots of relief.
username username mind that my partner cant breathe she needs ventolin now please
username indeed my flovent friend :)
so by the end of next week i will be 100% nicotine free. smoking is dumb habit!
username username against cholesterin : atorvastatin ( its a drug whichs stops producing cholesterin)
oh wow. rt username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
nique is on this victoza commercials
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
dr sent a new antibiotic for my upper respiratory infection. levofloxacin 500mg. hope this one helps. z-pack just couldn't cut it.
hey, it's 'murphy' in that nexium commercial. hastag znation
funny thing is,terr was thi one pharmacist came and asked me in chinese where is the location of celecoxib in the pharmacy.
the openers for this band are like mumford and sons on ambien and lunesta with a shot of nyquil.
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
stop pradaxa after 3 days in patients with crcl ≥ 50 ml/min... 2 days for 30 to 50 ml/min...and 1 day for 15 to 30 ml/min.
username nope :) difflam is abt 20/lozenge. orofar is a lot cheaper than others and very very effective.. :)
okay gabapentin let's see what you've got. hastag zzzzz
30 - 50% of hastag diabetes patients who are on other other diabetes drugs are not on metformin hastag cmicompas
levofloxacin is no joke holy fuck
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
username what r ur exubera flashbks? i'm a journo writing article on afrezza f/@naturebiotech. email me at jklling@gmail.com
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
// since meridia was invited, i might have to hop on her later.
hopefully benadryl is on my side tonight and i can get some sleep. got a lozenge and dayquil and water on standby.
username what's fluoxetine?
username chiiiiiiiillll man *puffs out nicotine vapor*
teriflunomide treatment in pwms not associated with increased risk of infection username hastag aanam
if confirm bipolar then should get the fluoxetine. by the meantime,go to sleep is good
hastag acpontario hramiak. ddp-4 inhibitor metformin combination particularly promising. dose for renal disease for most.
this douchebag in this crestor commercial
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
in search of a tutor and more time or adderall
lunesta system wonders
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username temazepam all the way. prescription only.
adderall kick in already i need to become a genius in minutes!!
oh yay. ciprofloxacin just in time for the weekend. i thank you vietnam egypt. alcohol, see you in 7 days. hastag sick
i'm done. rt username boniva obviously doesn't mix well with white zin. hastag sallyfield”
username no, they are harmful just not as much. theyre like a substitute for the nicotine patch. their main purpose is for quitting.
pfizer and msd to co-promote the diabetes 'franchise' sitagliptin (januvia) for type 2 diabetes
i feel like every yak about adderall is username
hastag fda's making its case now at username spiriva respimat adcom. co. already got its chance. hastag copd hastag pharma
thought i could go without my nexium today. i was quickly proven wrong face with medical mask anxious face with sweat
vyvanse either makes your day or kills it
username would an $abbv like enbrel spinoff work?
username username username random as in rct: parity for nightly vs prn sildenafil re urinary and ef outcomes even longterm
username one is about varenicline and the other is about cold weather being lethal for humans
you should not start enbrel if you want to live or enjoy life. enbrel may cause everything. please take enbrel so we can have new airplanes
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
clutching my beloved fluticasone spray. yay pharmaceuticals.
username username valsartan pushed by ins cos b/c generic version, pts forced to take mediocre meds, not best in class.
patient treated with asa after 1st cva, failed, then aggrenox added, but now w/ possible 3rd cva on asa + aggrenox (&amp; is compliant w/ meds)
username take 1 nexium pill before you sleep. this is serious.
username username ezetimibe, bile acid sequestrants. rosuvastatin and atorvastatin are very effective in fh.
instead of dollar dog nights hastag phillies should have zoloft and paxil give away night. if you can make it past 5th, it might help...
replacing sleep with adderall and coffee. happy finals week everyone. thumbs up
username harsh. i see you're on duloxetine. i was on that for abit but had to stop it. do feel for you having to deal with pain as well...
if they could just figure out how to stick prozac in the pop tarts we could eliminate pop tart depression for good.  hastag bt140
username username ditto that with keppra and vimpat
username in abu dabai now mate!  i will try not too.....got plenty of imodium though winking face
*big hug* rt username omg!!! o o just had the biggest scare ...almost just choked on a lozenge... :( tjat was scary!!!
phil michelson please stop making enbrel commercials. no one likes you.
and by molly i mean vyvanse lol fuck sleep
could somebody get this guy a lozenge?
lol tell me why there was adderall in a holiday charity bin hastag ourbestalways
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
drugs needing extended, &gt;6hr obs in ed: lomotil sulfonyureas synthroid warfarin mtx and apap hastag phillytox14
definitely flu season... just saw the tamiflu commercial the one with the giant  face with tears of joy
username me too. metformin is the devil. i've been underweight the whole time but being mexican n fat doesn't help.
new idea since they dont want to give me latuda standalone: combo!
lyrica celebrex commercials are such a joke.
username username agree was just about to type same. no green tea w velcade hastag amyloidosis hastag mmsm
sally field nominated for her role in the boniva commercial? lol
username which fired victoza bullets.
username imo, this is more about slowing patient switch from aranesp to hastag biosimilar, not an attempt to show inferiority of hastag biosimilar
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
username gabapentin didn't help me either which pain meds help you xxxx username username username
awkward moment : antara dua darjat.  it is better for me to stay away.
username username nph 2x daily onglyza once a day
username within 24hrs for me, for that. loperamide nko?
username maybe bathroom was looking for one and larp needed a lozenge. wake up, helms! hastag payitforward
it's a good time for the great taste of voiceless imodium ad
woke up in pain, so i made a cocktail of cipro hydrocodone. i'm sooooo not missing work today. nope. not happening.
username overdosing or just using? do you mean pregabalin as in lyrics?
doc prescribed me a med not covered by insurance $530 wtf!!!!! hastag latuda
antara undang2 yg adil vs hakim yg adil, mana lagi penting? what a fruitful discussion on this wednesday morning .
let me take a lunesta bc im not here for this.
girl yo tweets so depressin'....let me get you some cymbalta
username yes! in hf specialist nurses shown to be v accurate identifying pts in last yr of life, would be good to research this in copd
nebivolol is a b3 receptor agonist. it is the only b-blocker that enhances insulin sensitivity. it also releases endothelial no.
i think i'm a xigris rt username username username username buzzfeed quiz: which debunked research finding are you?
depression hurts and cymbalta can't help a real nigga
the antipsychotic aripiprazole (abilify) and depression and pain agent duloxetine are the top-selling us prescription drugs.
username depending on your pain, for me and my back all over pain cymbalta has been a miracle no side effects
#2 infusion of tysabri this morning.....bring it on! hastag fighter hastag multiplesclerosis
latuda is everything crazy estrogen
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
username i thought this said boniva - that calcium prescription pill and got super confused. hastag overtired hastag strongbones
hell yes, fluoxetine.
username crestor is the worst.
username it's called levofloxacin or levaquin. is that the one?
gabapentin and pregabolin and i'm still in pain. not great.
rt username if you have hastag crohns must use hastag remicade, hastag humira or hastag cimzia, u will find this video informative. hyperlink
username try loperamide
username username thank you for forcing me to watch the eliquis ad 17 times during one episode of username on demand.
username yup. of my meds, advair spiriva are on patent. singulair is now generic. plus antihistamines, allergy shots....
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hastag insomniacentral hastag stupidmedicines
thank you thuriyy we've been through lots of things in these past few days. hahaha biarlah rahsia antara kita ayyip username
argh! does anyone know what to do if you've forgotten hiv meds when away from home? brought truvada ritonavir but have forgotten darunavir
username meridia this moment, she was glad she was spending this time with her sister, just like she'd wished.} []
isobel and violet are just begging to be cast in a boniva commercial.  hastag downtonpbs
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
username honestly, i have no idea. i had tysabri as i had 9 relapses in a year and my ms was getting unpredictable and out of control
username username sadly, not only in new york: patients court-ordered off buprenorphine here in chesterfield, va too.
username ahahah i took my advair already but i just took my singular...thats what i always forget
antara game arsenal dan assignment????
panama was a great ass time but i'm ready to be in my own bed, see my family, play some golf, and see em and crestor raising hands
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
y'all. i'm trying to eat before i start this metformin tomorrow.
username careful with the party poppers - make sure imodium has kicked in first
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
username may want to follow those up with an imodium
tom brady in specific africa bread world poker tour sway up. talk with doing push-ups deals xarelto datsun
fluticasone propionate nasal spray saved my life
the crestor knows what's best he will put u where u need to be we fuck our own shit up tryna make our own moves  hastag phuckyofresh hastag bossmajor
username username he need boniva osteoporosis pills once a month mane
i have vyvanse so i can take them, not so i can sell them to everyone and their fuckin brother. damn
username i don't know about nexavar but imatinib was supplied free of cost to a huge number of patients by novartis. let's discuss later
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
username is obviously suffering from psychosis and delusion, if she can't see the truth. give her olanzapine!! username
i tink he's on cipro username hv u started any antibiotic already? rt username urine mcs for a uti pt, e. coli seen, resistant (cont)
i've got a neck spasm that is being very painful! ouch. heat diclofenac applied.  crying face
rt username no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
username i saw a commercial for tamiflu today. i thought of you.
sildenafil citrate username 8. what is the generic name of viagra?  hastag rxchatng
username will be at least another month and the pregabalin and codeine are doing nothing x
nrc to host open house today in cordova to discuss exelon plant.
ah the lovely lyrica (aka pregabalin), it's great stuff. get well soon username
username then try to knock you out at night with a little trazadone or seroquel lol... so not right
psa raloxifene is this really nifty drug that binds to estrogen receptors except it blocks them in breast tissue
somebody really made a twitter for adderall face with tears of joy skull
ah, yes. the rule about cipro and sun  hastag oopsie
username username mom was on baclofen (muscle relaxer used for muscular dystrophy pts.) an on-call doc at hospital discont'd &gt;&gt;
hahahaha so i just found a constipation medicine it's called amitiza
username super big match top eleven indonesia pukul 10:35 antara victoria fc vs real madrid c.f
username u r so right! my mom's imp osteoporosis injection prolia placed on exclusionarylist by bcbsnj! she now has 2 pay over $2,000!
username is flovent your twice a day inhaler? is atrovent your rescue inhaler? r the meds in the nebulizer liquid measured?
a better-than-slow-death chocolate finish and zesty albuterol undertones are incorporated in the 1995 syrah from owl canyon winery. hastag justin
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
username seriously mate, it's got loperamide in it, boss for stomach pains.
effexor with cialis
username username username i am on frisium (clobazam) as well, vimpat has made a positive difference, glad it has for you em
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
username username username username u hv to take yr asprin n metoprolol in time as scheduled by doc!careful.
username every time i've sought tx for flu i was told i had a flu-like illness and tamiflu would be useless. so a shot would have been too
username do you want me to sand you some imodium via fanmail?
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
chat with the beure herself, got my nicotine and a stroll in the dark hastag perfect
ayers says after seven years in suboxone clinic, he was given option by family of going to isaiah house or go to jail hastag kyga14
username it all comes down to money, corruption and greed. the fda knows cipro is doing this to people, and they turn a blind eye.
username username username username username i thought enbrel was good, now on infliximab 10 times better for me.
username can a broken femur with gamma nail which broke from taking fosamax break in diff part of femur from original break
knocked out an article for username in one hour. there still is a little vyvanse kickin..
username and it was only because of that adderall and i was awake for mike and mike in the morning haha
username you can make your own cymbalta. its called happiness :) just be happy!
rt username username june 13, 2013 hastag fda approved hastag xgeva (denosumab) to treat adult with giant cell hastag tumer of the bone when surgery co…
username if you look at the good old standard morphine equivalent chart buprenorphine is like 1mg to 40mg of morphine. so 2mg is like 80
username username experience of last one not that brilliant. exubera wasn't what it was cracked out to be. lets see...
rt username phil mickelson from the enbrel commercials is probably the creepiest real person i've ever seen. he never blinks.
make it a goal to master some skills. plan for the future.contribute to the community antara pesanan taiko mechatronics.
username humira is different i think... i'm sure infliximab is another name for remicade. sorry it didn't work for you :(
username but didn't because apparently it interacts with lamotrigine i'm on. weird.
tools: pmp; consult line: 781-2700; buprenorphine rx; alternative pain treatment; pharmacy-based naloxone dist hastag opioidepidemic
username ciprofloxacin i have a uti that's spread into my kidneys
rt username diabetes drug onglyza and ddp4 inhibitor shown not to reduce cardiovascular risk in large clinical trial hyperlink
who else see this victoza commercial and yell in a riff raff voice dominique wilkins!! hyperlink
just realized my dad has nexium for heartburn
ease up on the zostavax ads, merck.
temazepam plz
username have restarted metformin with gfr &lt;30 a number of times-500mg daily works well. off patent so less comp impetus to tinker.
man no money tonight how am i gonna afford bills and my suboxone duck fuck fuck
username diabetic testing brought issues with panaceas problem victoza is the only vaccine used with less of an impact
username username don't you take alvesco before season starts? shouldn't be so bad with damp weather x
bruuuhhh. i can feel my throat hurting in my dreams. i'm legit about to smash out to cvs to suck every lozenge in the world.
reba mcintyre said mm, so thick and creamy on a boniva light greek yogurt commercial and it sounded like phone sex.
snorted a 15 mg oxycodone ($12) to have blissful sleep
kyowa hakko kirin files aranesp for japanese approval for anemia with myelodysplastic syndrome; the filing qualifies for priority review
why do pediatricians only push miralax and not want to discuss diet or any other alternatives? it's not working for my kid at all!
waiting for supplemental eu approval decisions this weekend on prolia for osteoporosis/penia, gilenya for ms, and gardasil for hpv
lmao this victoza diabetes medictaion does everything but help . i never heard so many negative side effects in my life!
username username username we appreciate your interest in suboxone rehab. thanks for following!
username i read the article, too. i think if this was serious, lots of newsies would be all over it especially after vioxx issues.
username just cipro right now
i think its funny when people ask me what drugs i've taken to lose weight. sorry i don't cheat w/ adderall hastag sorryallnatural hastag bodytemple
dear booze: in those tv ads for spiriva inhalers, they act like it's terrible to hang out with an elephant. i think it would be awesome.
how would you like to get high on codeine??? me got some bottles of codeine in my house i'll like to high with you ^.^
i have no idea what victoza is but after the side effects were mentioned, i will pass!
latuda is a bipolar medicine.. i like that it's punny hastag attitude
a /212. fees we w we s&amp;s w w effexor
username hell fuck methadone like liquid handcuffs already suboxone much better. ima go to that from methadone to that when i can taper
new $2/1 nexium 24hr coupon + a target gift card deal!  hastag coupon hastag deal hyperlink
$lly ixekizumab was statistically superior to etanercept and placebo on all skin clearance measures in phase 3 studies
antara lain sex pistols dan the clash,
username albuterol ventolin boys
many people have criticised my imodium addiction. i don't give a shit!
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
rivaroxaban diary day 6, 05.11 knees better. fluid retention / swelling in both lower legs gone down. ache in lower back and neck.
concerns about cardiovascular safety will lead to lower recommended doses of oral and rectal diclofenac username hyperlink
chicago (il) tribune-business: exelon buying integrys' retail electricity arm
the guy i bought my car off left a bottle of temazepam and a pencil case in the glovebox
see this nikola bonova she getting on my tits now!!!!!
username hey man good job on the xarelto commercial.
nsaids such as celecoxib are known to inhibit renin synthesis, resulting in hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism, dec k excretion, and hyper k.
the crestor commercial can fuck right off though.
ok username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
username where did you get your alleged temazepam from?”
anti-depressant legal: have you or a loved one taken zoloft, depakote, or paxil while pregnant and had a child born with a defect?    you...
someone brang me a lozenge
anyone in vegas have tamiflu i can borrow
jeosornengig 255 mg: hi there! purchase vardenafil , buy generic prozac , buy priligy no prescription , purchase cialis online no…
username username username levaquin should be a drug of last resort! google levaquin toxicity
username fistulas suck!! pouting face i hope the meds closes it up. humira is working on mine. remicade worked for 6-7 yrs thumbs up  hastag crohns
snark bot (the snarkbot) the snarkbot: scarlett (nurse leonora) nurse leonora: i know you say you are an rn but when you mispell xopenex ...
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
username ncong, antara pocong ame bencong/? :v
fucking hate humira shots why can't i take a pill hastag crohnsprobs
i bet they named that new depression medicine latuda because it's impossible to say without smiling and impossible to take seriously.
antara firdaus dan tuah hastag mentorlegend .
i think the side effects of tamiflu are worse than having the flu.
arghh my bloody head hurts. this is worst headache i've had in ages. if the quetiapine don't work i'm taking paracetamol
username medication - not a cop out. i took pristiq for 6 mths, just to stabilise serotonin. no side effects. made a huge difference.
filled soooo many tamiflu rx's today! y'all should have gotten the flu shot for your kids! hastag tired hastag busyday
username oh, and belimumab not agreed by every payer so very tough. i have only got 2 so far on belimumab in a specialist centre!!
doc for lepra reaction type 1..glucocorticoids type 11 thalidomide ..
dear seroquel, i hate you bitch. hastag dearsomeone. hastag fuckyou hastag ihatechu
getting hastag tysabri - my bp is 159/102 pre-infusion. ummm i don’t think that’s good… lol
rt username niacin, vyvanse, advil, sleeping pills, repeat. hastag druggedup
username username that was the vioxx debacle. they had to pay $5 billion for that in 2007. seems like a sufficient disincentive.
lol username all the pills in my system right now oxycodone heavy check mark tramedol heavy check mark 600 mg ibuprofen heavy check mark  plus some weed heavy check mark
username lithium and seroquel for me now
username yaasss! they're life savers. i used to take both a while ago too, but now i'm good with just advair
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
matt damon glaring the news: rihanna wins pork chops minux farting smelly crying android bird dropping moose horns oatmeal zostavax
to all the people with the fireworks scaring my cat, i hope you start humira without the tb test, and also hope you have tb. hastag lungers
this chick said her box is scrumptious; if scrumptious is synonymous with a ricola lozenge she is on the money
note to self: never mix hydrocodone and oxycodone ever again!
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
username as a patient, id certainly take atorvastatin ahead of vytorin if my life depended upon it based on all available data
rt username dr john buse: most impressive at #2013ada victoza+degludec= -1.9% a1c reduction insulin on steroids bit of weight loss …
username imagine the headlines chg to onglyza increases heart failure risks, while has no benefit in preventing heart attacks. yikes.
paxil = death has some of the highest withdrawal symptoms of a drug in it's class thank you wikipedia for highlighting my fear
note to all: if prozac didn't work for you, don't take paxil.
username good shock though: my seroquel is like $12 now?! i remember when i had to pay $120 for it!!
username username username should i bring the imodium for you elliot? hastag porcelaingod
the burns and graft are healing well. he was still obviously in pain. they've took him off paxil b/c it didn't react well to pain meds.
username her blood pressure bout to go all the way up, better pull out the crestor
lunesta in hand: ok, what???? hastag theblacklist
i'm permanently on symbicort as a preventer for athsma, have tried doubling dose as it's a good chest infection remedy but not shifting it
username rabeprazole for the win
username my chase small biz debit on hastag applepay worked just fine last night at cvs and i have a value size bottle of miralax to prove it.
ring ring. hello chairy. spiriva software p.e. nordstrom raw mass effect. we hope to take a trip to ambro.
this maybe a long shot... does anyone in manchester have any spare metformin or gliclazide? asking for a friend. hastag doc hastag gbdoc hastag ourd
fda gives example of avandia as rare case where black box was removed at chantix adcomm.
gotta get back on advair
found the female version of cody latuda last night and the girls basketball game against d hills face with tears of joy face with tears of joy #14 hastag lookedjustlikehim
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
arrived at the venue still not opened the imodium face with tears of joy
username lol you are the lad i was talking to .... about how shit viox are and yoi and youre friend want to start youre own clan
my ooak lyrica pony as shana from jem and the holograms! completely free handed. on her hooves are star decals. hyperlink
tonight was a bust. i didn't even have fun really. i was so moody. is there something wrong with me? should i take viibryd again?
username are you on humira
username thnx 4 da follow! dx in '99 on tysabri since '07
antara orang terawal yang aku nak jumpa time ambil result for sure topek and muna. both of them always make me happy.
no more vyvanse grinning face with sweat get ready for me
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
think i might try driving again in a couple of weeks now i am off o and the lamotrigine dose is going down-feel a lot more alert :)
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
i'm out of lunesta so it's the only sleep remedy i have &lt;/333
so my doctor and i chose prolia to reduce the risk of fractures
he came to me sometime in the midst of my viibryd and whiskey infused frightful haze and wakeful, restless torture.
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
username username username have you ever taken gabapentin ..my dr wants me to take that &amp;it says it's good for restless leg
bhatt speculates that the increase in hf with saxagliptin may be similar in cause and impact to the glitazones. hastag acccongress2013
anti-cytokine agents infliximab and etanercept act by interfering with activity of pro-inflammatory cytokine-tnf-alpha and useful in ra
username username um. exubera was partnered before ph3
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
lemme been your fein and you'll be my nicotine.
username grunenthal can help chronic pain of the 1000s disabled by their thalidomide by agreeing to compensate them all. double standards?
lemme put a nuvaring in it
username username ...i think hastag kacihickox is the new poster child for imodium a-d...or preparation h
username have you seen pitch perfect? it will cheer you up(i am not lying, it's now being prescribed instead of fluoxetine for depression)
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
username yes, ma'm! will visit you in boston take my dexilant before i eat stuff! xoxo
in current issue: buprenorphine maintenance, not detox, best for teens with opioid use disorders.
hastag fda hastag ok's today! janssen's inovokamet (canagliflozin/metformin) 4 t2 diabetes takeda's velcade (bortezomib) expanded 4 relapsed responders
hackett: one study shows that nebivolol is better than carvedilol at altitude. hastag wmspc14
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
i think silva should have been training with some boniva for his osteoporosis. hastag ufc168
username awww thank you! my enbrel being missed two weeks in a row is getting to me :(. how are you doing?
username also drank 40mg omeprazole (but my medicine is dexilant 60mg so errr yeah that has to happen tomorrow i guess)
username username username username username amazing how varenicline is continually overlooked.
fosamax-poke around the ways for purge osteoporosis: .ocu
username wow, thnx for that, not flouride, but fluoxetine.
username $mnkd so the question is that easy-to-use will make afrezza a success while exubera failed miserably? let's see.
username username bland, lunesta infested, narcoleptic hell.
i'm so annoyed. i need more nexium too. blahhh
username lol well ok! thank you nexium ascension! tonights episode was***exhausting! exhausting! poor mack! username
shit mad sexy when a honey takes out her nuvaring in front of you right before you bouta beat.
username lunesta is a terrible drug.
username yeah i'd patch for a nitro drip or metoprolol if they were hypertensive.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
q2 hastag pillchat every doc should be able to use buprenorphine - not abandon patients dr.s
rt username dhen bune there's no shortage of medicines ey. username pls rt hastag ehlakin beys hoadhaadheebala. hastag sto hastag rivotril hastag baclofen …
managed to get esomeprazole and hastag levothyroxine out here easily!! woohoo hastag mallorca impromptu hastag minimoon i'm now ready for you! x
username yes. has boot now. on prolia for osteoporosis. was the good foot: stress fracture at pressure point of orthotic.
hastag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin noninferior to placebo for cv death, nonfatal mi/stroke in hastag diabetics at high cv risk - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
metformin therapy for prevention of t2dm may be considered in those patients meeting criteria for prediabetes.
if they don't have my auth done by fri so i can get my tysabri i'm gonna spin my head freak out on ppl just sayin
$100 million nuvaring settlement finalized
username that is because it's all about the januvia and the metoprolol these days for that audience.
give zelena zyprexa, abilify, seroquel and latuda and give us back hastag rumbelle !
next time ima say yep and from what i can tell you show signs of manic depression and need to be on geodon and depakote
username username username username username username username username sending pics when miralax and mag citrate kicks in :)
been through this before and he put me on lunesta
username i don't care if they are toxic haha putting the cipro drops in is essentially equivalent to torture hastag oww
but at least $20 million front money from brainwash team. think about one of story of rembrants hotel. enbrel deal i ask start with $2millon
username username username username username i aim to please....vicodin 1000mg or darvocet 500mg or viagra...fuck oops
jaclyn looks like she could b in a nuvaring commercial face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy hyperlink
oxycodone has been my best friend these past couple of days sleeping face
then type of drugs ada salbutamol which is ventolin and terbutaline sulphate which is bricanyl hastag medsfact
username username mother natures lunesta for sure haha.
my cat just tried to eat an imodium i accidentally dropped on the floor.
at the same time americans were paying over $200 for nexium while it was under patent they were paying $7 in new zealand.
exelon likely to benefit from new epa rules -- eventually
username get that imodium ready
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
rt username username username his parents are dead, and he's given gotham everything.” patient: bruce wayne. 1 sativa lozenge.…
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
username 41 days of levaquin ordered until cultures are back with specific bacteria results. they are determined to cure infection first
in the news: beyonce pees croquet flovent hfa too much earwax a big butt fell with adele. a kidney eject mortgage monty haul agnez mo
i literally spent 10 mins to do the mla tweet right why cant i concentrate i need adderall
and will be on methadone until they kick me out for benzos but will have enough money by then for a suboxone doctor.
more like paxil time cruiser usa *downs several handfuls of paxil with help of a coors original* username username username
walgreen's please tighten up i need my advair like now!!! unamused face unamused face unamused face
green lunesta lantern [never watch while operating heavy machinery] ~ hastag medicineamovie
heroib addicts (jk). dicover ur loperamide addiction. a bottle hyperlink
username they arrived! hastag quittingcigs hastag nicotine hastag lozenge hyperlink
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
is eliquis right for me username
username username thats because most of them r on prozac
that just said gabapentin on house. i hated that med a mot
username could be down syndrome or a thalidomide
merck says nuvaring should not be used by women who smoke, are over age 35 or who have at least one potentially serious medical condition.
username adderall and weed and alcohol then go stone sober every other week
this pristiq ad with the wind up people is more creepy than ever. hastag badmarketingboo hastag bkkingwascreepytoo hyperlink
enbrel and the autoimmune era - anne pollock - do your homework before you write what you have no idea about gutter journalism
i know i always valued the times when my grandpa sat me down as a kid talked about his copd the medication he took for it. hastag symbicort
so i took an adderall to focus clean the pile of poo out of my place then started drinking my vsop i had left.. i think i'm feeling myself.. haha
take adderall so you don't feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall pill
username username lol exubera was 2 feet long. that's like saying 14yrs ago, did mobile cos not learn anything from the dynatac.
exelon is working on another merger! does that mean we should expect another huge market manipulation settlement or no ferc approval???
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
username aw thanks chum.can't braincell worthy enough bigup back,for u this morn. mixed gabapentin with clopheniramine hastag vegetableresult
remake be confident and stock market dexilant play michelin. do you blue chips smurf cellulite luna maya fishing and squeak dog play
username username crestor challenge, round 1
being on adderall in a class where i don't talk to anyone and we're not doing anythin has me doing this shit idk sparkles face with tears of joy hyperlink
i need some valium xanex percocet darvocet vicodin kolonopin sleeping pills and nyquil
username i'm sentenced to a lifetime of oxycontin oxycodone due to back injury/chronic pain. but i don't qualify 4 mj in nj? wth?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username both worked equally as well for me. but humira wore of quicker than infliximab which lasted better for longer.
if i tweet about any drug, be it pot, prozac, trileptil, seroquel, remeron, etc. it's because i've actually ingested them. not read of them.
it's time for a penny cartoon. i just went to luau bbq and melted some imodium ad.
time to take my giant glass of miralax ugh.txt
username didn't merck sell saphris to forest in jan?
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
rt username results of amplify trial showing benefits of hastag apixaban presented today at hastag isth2013 meeting in amsterdam where i have b…
denosumab solves worry in relation to wishbone dilapidation entranceway public in there with prostate mildew: .xaq
username they made miralax for a reason cody
all students should be issued with clexane and metformin during swotvac hastag examhealth hastag studyeatsleeprepeat hastag deathviavia hastag examskillmenow
username i'd heard that. looks like uloric works similarly to celery seed. dropping uric acid levels. ever tried it?
1st up defronzo - empagliflozin (sglt2) vs linagliptin (dpp4i) as add on to metformin in t2d. nb exclusion egfr &lt;60. varied doses combos.
username mmm seroquel like britney
ok so the darvocet did nothing. i lived but am also still in pain. because of the living.
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
username doubling up on the crestor before lunch.
username username try lunesta
i've taken my enbrel injection. it's time to eat and take the rest of my meds now.
want beverly to know: depression hurts, but cymbalta can help!
username to stay with mr.zometa and play soccer ((;
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
username last tweet to you tonight since i took my lunesta but i love you more than anything and you make me happy growing heart growing heart growing heart
username  imodium  yes?
someone's post on fb this am if weed were legal suboxone wouldn't need to exist  you sir, have won the ignorance award for the day.
love having to whip out my albuterol inhaler when i'm sick beating heart
making an audiobook is a lot more work than i thought.... i need a throat lozenge... 8(
carbamazepine, phenytoin, gabapentin, pregabalin can exacerbate generalized seizure syndromes.
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
$scmp will be the exclusive supplier of amitiza to takeda at an agreed-upon supply price.
username username i found darvocet to be h most effective painkiller that i've ever been prescribed. i was even on oxy in the hospital
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
finna pop this trazodone &amp;&amp; go to bed
or pooping if this miralax kicks in
username meg takes a 54mg adderall that explains so much
username yeah i threw up my first day on pristiq bc i wasn't used to having to eat before taking them lol
username just the gabapentin (down to 300mg now) and the ibuprofen occasionally now. it's pretty useless and i do need to tell the gp
username username advair
there's a drug called januvia sitigliptin. were running so low on drug names we started naming them after ukranian women from whitney pier.
vyvanse - let me help you kill it in fifa today, king. all i ask for in return is you use your tongue to play with the metal behind ur teeth
username scribe thinks it was eliquis (apixaban).
rt username the onion strikes again. this tastes way less ciprofloxacin-y than the mcchicken did a year ago,” hingle stated... htt…
username ¿ya probaste nexium y motilium?
username username my husband was on dilantin for 18 yrs and lamotrigine for 3. our doctors said a glass of wine wouldn't hurt.
username that was why i was curious what the drug was - to see if it was digoxin, metoprolol or one that might fall in those cracks.
pradaxa is a direct thrombin inhibitor hastag inacep2014
i just sprayed fluticasone propionate in my nose.
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
username glad that nexium is back and in the cod scene again :)
my wife and i attended a drug dinner for brilinta ....how nerds do free date night. ; )
caliani bros vineyards mixes domestic albuterol overtones and a fruity sawdust aroma in their 1990 cabernet sauvignon. hastag زب
lying here listening to lang elliott and trying to relax and wait for trazodone and neurontin to kick in.
been taking 10 mg less paxil for a few days. do i seem different? what ? shut up! fuck you!
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
i’m hoping i will get taken off seroquel and switched to lamictal, tomorrow.
diovan is now generic! ask our helpful staff today about switching today!
i feel like that xarelto commercial just lasted for 20 minutes!
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
username cause my adderall hasn't kicked in yet
i'm just gonna go chill out, and take my prozac and geodon and drink a glass of water.
username hey now, hey now, this is what dreams, are made of hey there, hilary duff here to talk to you about lunesta
n(t)= k/ (1+be^rt) this is such a long process. thank the lord that my adderall works.
do i have any pharmacists or people that are certified to write prescriptions on here that could write me one for some more oxycodone loudly crying face
can't find my zyprexa tired face weary face  hastag omg
username username username next time im at work will get a pic of some of the tablets. the ibuprofen metformin look so similar
$arna ave. hba1c reduction of 1.2.belviq will overtake januvia in coming yrs as insurance coverage grows docs r educated comfy with it
username so interesting!! any mention of meds like symlin, victoza and their impact on lag times, post meal hypers?
username username i think galfer smells like nail varnish remover. baclofen liquid smells good too. x
vishal salunkhe: glucose-stimulated insulin secretion is reduced after treatment with rosuvastatin calcium. hastag easd2014 hyperlink
username true tho knowledge is power and for those with copd with emphysema it may be a consideration. what worked 4 me is chantix + patch.
that bad that both ‘profen paracetamol aren’t lowering his fever. if it gets worse, then back in for diclofenac or paracetamol injection.
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
username it annoys me when companies combine drugs to maintain patents actonel adding vitamin d such bull. plan b condensing to 1 pill
username i got rid of mine because of that reason.. been using nuvaring for a while now with no probs thumbs up
username magical american k.o. sauce. i had temazepam somewhere
i'm tired of luansantanaadrenalina ! is at least offering acomplia
username fluoxetine me gusta
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
buprenorphine and methadone. once daily dose to stop withdrawal. bd-tds dosing to treat pain. hastag iaspcongress2014
username i take crestor just watched a bit of the commercial on u-tube, never saw it before or really block out commercials in my head.
username username that would be thalidomide that's been used for decades in the usa with no problems at all`?
watching my nana suffer from the effects from this boniva shot, is torture to my soul. so many stories out there hastag poison
in desperate need of some adderall ok :(
hastag fda hastag cvot username robert ratner: $gsk's rosiglitazone ( hastag avandia) really set the stage for cvots 2008 guidance hastag diabetes
rt username the following tweets are brought to you by seroquel trade mark
so pathetic you can't buy celebrex or even lyrica over-the-counter. lobbyists, greed ruin everything in this melted nation. need both now.
symbicort contains ford motor oil? no thanks.
i feel a bout of depression coming on. time to up the dosage on my fluoxetine (the generic form of prozac.)  more praying too.
amitiza (lubiprostone) - is about 7$ per day on average hastag geriatricsconference
i'd very much like to down a bottle of seroquel right now, but really, what good would that do for me? none. absolutely none
could pharmacy please hurry up and bring meds. cause literally all my patients have synthroid protonix and its not stocked in the acxudose
either i need to go on ditropan and that fixes it or i need to go on ditropan and get the surgery
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
username tights antara swimming, running, cycling atau utk muscle training je.
victoza ad portrays healthy lifestyle choices for those maintaining diabetes. why not do this before using the drug? hastag xoomainfo
username wtf is a lunesta
username hi mate, i take etanercept weekly, and it's the best thing that's ever happened to me. used to struggle to walk, now i can run!
my lyrica deeper than the sea floor
.@christydunks username they won't even prescribe me tamiflu bcs it's been linked to suicides.
username i was drinking it and they were like that has miralax in it. face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy
that furry symbicort commercial with the anthro wolves, though!! :3!
i did it!!! thank god i only do this every 2 weeks. i don't think all the liquid went in though confused face hastag humira hastag crohns hyperlink
i'm ecstacy ur temazepam
humira injected!!! fuck you hastag crohns hyperlink
thank you science for fluticasone
i don't tradjenta is a good pills or not .
username it's more than just popping synthroid and antidepressants down a patient's throat. then patting them on their head.
takin adderall and then smokin loud..is the best feelin ever, like frfr.
even with a bioavailability close to 1, a dose of iv levofloxacin seems much stronger to a patient than a silly old pill. but it's not.
username username with a bit of olanzapine chucked in aswell. so i have no idea what's actually helped me if that makes sense x
rt username have a fucking lozenge judith or at least adjust your mic. rt username bird on the end needs a soother hastag qanda
username and death. don't suggest rosiglitazone in your osce
the amount of adderall i just found under my bed is a tad concerning..
i keep my weekly to-do lists after they're all crossed out as a record of the things i've done .. i think i need more prozac
repost: by: gee turner. does anybody here take latuda for bpd? do you have any opinions?
due to excessive advertising, my fantasy baseball name next yr will be sildenafil citrate.
delicious supper username tonight. octopus was so meaty and the flourless chocolate cake was the bomb.
i'm gonna need adderall to survive these next two weeks
when is sally field going to slip in a boniva endorsement? hastag oscars
this bitch literally just asked if nicotine is something you put in your eyes. hastag whatanightmare
username username  keycap digit one i don't agree with avandia to manage his d.m because of the possible cvs side effects and switching to metformin !
username on clobazam, tegratol, lacosomide and epilim :o( he's gutted and embarrassed and lost his confidence. hair is falling out 2
username hats off to you for funding the thalidomide poster campaign all those years ago.
username username username glad to know i'll take imodium before i go to a game
if you want to stfu irl take a whole temazepam
username i started on byetta and then i was changed to victoza this is all so worrying
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
glad i finally got trazodone to help me sleep at night and migraine meds
have you listened to the pristiq commercial?! best song ever. username
i'va taken fluoxetine tablets, paracetmol, hayfever tablets and sleeping tablets i feel like a druggy
username depression.” cymbalta can help.
username for # rheumatoid arthritis av annual cost of triple therapy $1000 compared with $25000 for hastag enbrel.wonder what are the costs in india.
maybe once i get regular on saphris again it will help w that anxiety. whew its not easy. how do people be around ppl and not freak out?
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
rt username depresion hurts... cymbalta can help.
exelon $exc q3 adj.eps usd 0.78 vs. exp. usd 0.72 hastag stocks
everytime i say humira, remicade, cimzia, etc gsk tweets me. send me some cimzia or be gone! and make it affordable
boniva is poison. do not take it! research it first! you are your own best advocate.. these docs do not do clinical trials. fda...hah!
the first question that this psych pt asked after waking up from a geodon induced nap was: does annie still work here?  that's me. flushed face  hastag eek
just a reminder that this week are the fishing tournaments monday for meridia and tuesday for akatosh so get your bait ready
this is the part about taking metformin that truly sucks.
were the greatest discovery of the age; this universal lozenge was health.
hastag rxchatng metformin
growing list of meps asking the eu to get thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to compensate those they disabled. time for justice. 50+ years
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
crestor commercial, followed by naturemade vitamins, then a cvs commercial. gosh, pharmacy overload.
hastag namesomeonewholooksalike reece witherspoon username and meridia off of brave morgan
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hastag stopnuvaring2014
fucking saphris
username username username username username username true! i was prescribed oxycontin once of course never took it, next, oxycodone
gotta sell some xarelto today.
i want to punch every eliquis commercial that has ever been aired.
there is never enough time, money, adderall
username darvon gotta use the car soon so that would be pointless
username i do too! every year! syringe face with medical mask no flu for me! tamiflu is 3x more expensive than a flu shot (&amp; most insurances cover the shot!)
4am and the quetiapine has failed to sedate me hastag bipolar hastag insomnia
i need nexium
username side-effexor? too many friends with disturbing experiences on that
or, a lozenge gules within an orle sable
big thanks to my lovely sister for today's effort :*we're like catchin up each other for a latest year antara hastag bogor hastag jakarta username
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
oh, i’ve got better drugs than that. will use lunesta if i go that route. i try to avoid it. rt username username two benadryl.
next big catalyst for $nvo, $lly dula vs victoza award-6 data early '14, 0.4% non-inferiority margin
so if you take latuda for your bipolar disorder, you can't have grapefruit or grapefruit juice? that can't be real.
username quetiapine, vicodin, and promethazine for sell hmu lmao !” of you don't give me that promo
username omnar's ciclesonide is the stuff i had. took it out in about 3 days.
dermatologist from yale says the rheumatoid arthritis drug tofacitinib citrate allowed patient w alopecia universalis grow full head of hair
oh acid reflux how i hate thee, let me count the ways: dexilant 60mg famotidine 20mg
username but put aittle miralax in his bottle tad bit
cymbalta is a pain reliever used to treat osteoarthritis? i thought it was an antidepressant. i'm so confused. my whole life has been a lie.
question everything that you put into your body.  hastag womenshealth hastag nuvaring hastag birthcontrol
vox drowning pool - dave williams antara vox nu metal feveret aku.
username they have steroids and like some other shit in them. can't remember now but alvesco is like basically inhaled prednisone w/i
username username aliskiren develped by novartis company
okay my vyvanse has completely worn off. time to put up the books.
what i learned from hastag americanhustle ... men in the 70's were well dressed and in to fashion and coke is like adderall
reem better stop fucking around and get him some nexium before that heartburn be the death of him.
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
username it's interesting how they've just launched this now the lamotrigine has been out in the uk 4 a few yrs now cause i was on it!!
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
$bdsi phase 3 clinical trial of bema buprenorphine as a treatment for severe pain achieved primary efficacy endpoint in chronic pain relief
don't take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. wow.. thank you captain obvious.
is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hastag nahap
username the bid drugs (ativan, klonopin) would be the best place to start, in my opinion. they can be taken w/ temazepam (restoril).
slow down! you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial!
use adderall to make your plans and alcohol to follow through.
username unreal!! he will either light it up or shoot an 81. no different than any other week i suppose.... hastag enbrel
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
richard platt asks what data could have helped us find the link earlier between vioxx and excess heart attacks?  hastag aamc2014
am i only person who sees cymbalta commercial that starts with old bearded man and thinks it's george zimmerman, men's wearhouse commercial?
i wonder if loperamide would resolve this congestion
gmvpfpcsbuy in online sildenafil fluoxetine online check fedex virginia &amp;lt;a href=&amp;quot;http://where-to-buy-fluoxetine-no-rx-carmarthenshi
having mixed feelings about the vyvanse i took at 5 am..
fb05 username stelan spdx top rok twiscone close 6des ready antara jan-maret hyperlink
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
username efavirenz needs banning!
oh my god he needs zyprexa, haloperidol, adderall strattera face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username i also said that thalidomide was an example of a theory?? ahem?? and meh i'd say badly/awfully/terribly
i hope this annual cipro diet tradition doesn’t become a tradit… damnit.
not even temazepam is making me sleepy tonight hastag wideawake hastag fedup
oh. and the follow up to that nuvaring debacle…a chick announced her pregnancy and that she was leaving late last month… unamused face
3 months to think about if i want to go on meds for ankylosing spondylitis. prev took enbrel/methotrexate combo with no relief.
hastag seb2013 fluoxetine did not reduce the birds' anxiety
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
just out of psychiatrist appt. had sertraline dose raised&amp;started on olanzapine at night. back next week.
username username i agree absolutely. your gonna be fine amy. enbrel give me no problems whatsoever.xx
i'm sucha psycho when i study already if i ever took adderall i would probably explode pill collision
this is what i get for taking adderall at midnight..... fuck me
this cough syrup ain't helping me sleep for shit!!!! where's my lunesta when i need it frowning face  frowning face
eliquis commercial just now. one of it's benefits is less major bleeding than the competitor. oh boy, yeah, makes me want to sign up!
cymbalta can help. rt username the truth hurts.
i think everyone should praise whoever invented gabapentin , because if it wasn't for them , there would be a hell of a lot more bodies !
today a patient came in and said, my doc says i need miralax and a fleet enema...where is that? so i show her
username lithium was bad for me, but lamotrigine has been almost perfect. quetiapine is not an early choice for treatment for bp over here.
i'm over this snow already. mother nature needs some boniva or some shit to calm her menopausal symptoms!!
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
sildenafil citrate is the real name of erectile dysfunction drugs like viagra
username hastag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hastag followthediet hastag readthebooks hastag cantfindgreatdoc
time for metformin hcl again.
i keep seeing a commercial for this medication called januvia and all i can think about is the genovia national anthem.
this kitchen nightmares in insane! bitch needs prozac
not answering lyrica phone call she needa learn how to turn her ringer on them she wouldn't be returning calls constantly.
spiriva helps me breathe easier
username as far as i'm concerned, pradaxa, xarelto, eliquis are all the devil
username oh good. pregabalin worked for me when nothing else did. fingers crossed that it improves things for you.
drives me nuts when i see incorrect yogic posture in boniva commercials.
ema rejects concerns about pancreatitis from januvia and similar hastag diabetes drugs. positive for $mrk, $nvo, $lly, boehringer, $bms, $azn
ranbaxy still has exclusive rights for nexium generic - ceo
astronaut: effect of aliskiren on post-discharge outcomes in non-diabetic patients hospitalized for hf hastag esccongress2013
username username i mean like ive heard of people poppin adderall but never synthroid idk??? i mean its just for thyroid???
janette: well cheryl i'm gonna take boniva and some other medicine so i may die
rt username victoza is insulin used by diabetics.... you eat like paula you get diabetes like paula...
username probably just my shit lungs, i took a nurofen and like 8 puffs of ventolin lol
username sleeping is a cure to forget about pain, problems, stress and everything for a while. that's why i take quetiapine 25mg every night
future title: counselling psychologist.. 3 years bachelors.. 2 years masters.. 5 years phd.. i promise i'll be dr. boneva one day o:)
username username i can airlift my stockpiled paxil to nyc...
username and if it's a guy sildenafil ke tablets
omg - retail cost of fluticasone 500mcg for copd in the usa is $194 per month. tough times is you don't have insurance.
username now who might possibly want to buy the tysabri royalty from $prgo? hmmm... let me think
hyperlink &lt; owned this bloke last week ! currently wearing lumber support taking 2 diclofenac every 4hours with a brufen chaser
we file dangerous drugs lawsuits for people injured by any 1 of several dangerous drugs: accutane actos fosamax granuflo / dyalisis injury
albuterol to the rescue
hastag camh hastag badpharma causes - drug-induced hastag psychosis hastag suicidality hastag prozac hastag clozapine hastag quetiapine hastag paxil hastag addiction etc. hastag nursing hastag toronto
my dad is a neonatal dr that has saved many kids in peru. he's been diagnosed with liver cancer and he needs sorafenib 400 hastag standuptocancer
username 20mg omreprazole i also have asthma and 2 inhalers diclofenac gel + 30mg nefopam 4 3 x a day diazepam when req'd 5-10mg
refractory atrial fibrillation: after trying propafenone, then amiodarone, patient in sinus rhythm with bystolic and digoxin. can't explain.
username vyvanse dude, i do the same shit all the time.
surprised the pharmacist with my recommendation of a dose reduction of levofloxacin in a 75 year old woman today. i'm hastag winning y'all
name: shahrukh khan. i'm a programmer and i like pickles and imodium ad.
please please gabapentin start working. hug is off the chart right now. maybe i'll try a muscle relaxer. they leave me so sick next day tho.
not having adderall is getting to me. i can't stay up late for shit
84,000mg of keppra, and 168,000mg vimpat later, i'm still alive and kicking to turn 19. thanks big pharma.
depression hurts... cymbalta can help username
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
teva copaxone 40% mkt | wk/wk +10%; $biib avonex 16%, tecfidera 18% mkt; ims/cowen analysis
from the xarelto ad i conclude that every man taking this med must take his wife to new zealand.
congratulations to the ranexa team for being awarded two best in benchmark awards for digital performance in 2013!! hyperlink
has anyone out here tried vyvanse ultram together?
audit highlights more specialist respiratory physiotherapists needed for patients with copd - csp
time for my daily afternoon relaxation ritual of smoking weed, taking 2 mgs of clonazepam, and 400 mg of seroquel xr.
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
username ew. imodium my friend
lmao username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy bastard rt username sildenafil works fine rt username i may have a serious weakness problem fam. sigh.”
mylan $myl announced it's initiating phase 3 clinical trials for its generic version of glaxosmithkline's $gsk advair diskus.
dr ain't gonna tell me u have to use this $260 a month inhaler when years ago my cheaper one advair worked fine. glad i am changing dr.
username oh i hope the inhalers help. symbicort is pretty good! smiling face with smiling eyes i'm good thank you!x
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hastag lamotrigine
maybe i need this latuda since i'm bipolar... *calls doctor*
boniva commercial:grandma, you're so dense.  you're right, sean, my bone density num-  no, i meant you're a total fu- ask your docto
hi i'm sally field for boniva! *loud cracking sound* oh dear god my femur!
if you ever wanna make money, open a suboxone clinic. my word to god you'll retire at a relatively young age.
i'm taking oxycontin and oxycodone . pain too real bruh .
rt username depression hurts and cymbalta can't help a real nigga
tbh azrol antara yang paling h
username they're very similar and with current 2mg doses which most docs will tell you is easy to quit at, suboxone is probably worse.
the devil i know his hands are like nicotine the devil i know won't let me be
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
username give her a prozac and she will fly
advair inhaler aka inhaled corticosteroids = a rainie who wants to sleep but do everything a the same time
username plz wear a nuvaring
wish i was on my tysabri today:0 but i'm not and thats not fair or kool:( :( :( :( :(
taking an adderall just so i can watch dexter with complete focus.. i need a life
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, contact us toll free. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol.
kinda want to be a movie star, but i'd settle for being in a cymbalta commercial or something.
kamagra comes in different forms and dosages – pills, jelly, different contain of active element – sildenafil citrate hyperlink
a lozenge is a wasteland: tonguelike and dysfunctional
only new info in $regn report is eylea guidance of $1.7b-1.8b vs cons 1.75b - the rest has been previously reported
and my fluoxetine. hmm, hot dayum prozac
username username username imodium doesn't need a prescription you damn knucklehead
tadalafil online without prescription
rt username pharma news: eisai temporarily suspends commercial distribution of fycompa in germany: eisai has announced the... http…
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
username i really wish i had advair right now, but my healthcare provider doesn't shell out for it for some reason.
cramers pick; exelon (exc) is alright long term.
so if i have bipolar deprresion i can take latuda but i can't eat grapefruits.. i would be more depressed not being able to eat grapefruits.
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hastag pain
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hastag teamnosleep
is it too late for a temazepam and tanqueray sandwich?
username you forgot your trazodone hastag littleleague
hastag apcc14 m smith: denosumab zoledronic acid no impact progression/survival, supportive therapy minimise bone cx hastag prostatecancer
username sorry cant give samples out 4 is minimum there 100mg sildenafil citrate with no side affects
that article that i just retweeted is gold. breaking a cymbal is no reason to reach for cymbalta
exelon is throwin a pizza party for us tomorrow hastag hellyeah
hastag fda hastag odac review 11/6 of $nvs panobinostat for second-line combo use w/ bortezomib and dexamethasone in multiple myeloma patients
the one thing about hulu is that the commercials are waaaay too repetitive. if i have to watch this stupid tamiflu commercial again...
username dulera! that shit sucks my insurance wont pay for advair anymore so i have to use it
y'all really be taking adderall to stay up and study for them finals........ y'all better than me.
fun facts: do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combo of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
username all hail the golden spiriva
username he's been prescribed cipro for it.
should i be concerned that my last pack of hastag fluoxetine tablets were red yellow but the new lot are blue white?
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hastag insomnia
username username i agree initially used metformin then went route of lifestyle management and that's when i saw the results
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
despite their anticonvulsant properties, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, phenytoin, and topiramate have been reported to cause seizures in od.
q10 hastag pillchat: meaningful public $$ for naloxone, much bigger push for buprenorphine access, and authentic reorientation of law enforcement
username so true. i'm actually trying to get g to lose some. i'd increased her food b/c many dogs on fluoxetine lose weight. not g. oops
911 emergency yes i need a 30mg prescription of adderall plz n thnxs
suboxone films taste terrible what the fluff
so apparently i got some tamiflu :l
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
hastag aquarius found aliskiren did not improve or slow progression of hastag acs in patients with prehypertension cad - b williams hastag esccongress2013
i just don't know if i want to take 40 mg of paxil twice a day.
i had a crazy,amazing,lazy day like enya now i can't sleep. i need some lunesta so i can gently fall asleep on the wings of lunesta.
effects of atomoxetine on attention and impulsivity in the five-choice serial reacti hyperlink
fda to investigate saxagliptin over preliminary trial data suggesting increased rate of hospitalisation for heart failure
too much nicotine hahaha.
username miralax 1capful daily. water in not helpful hastag evidencebasedmedicine
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
yep. rt username a friendship promise love ring is a nuvaring, no?
username cialis, viagra, prozac &amp;amp; many more medications that do not require a prescription! hastag eva#
username username ventolin inhalers help breathing if pepper sprayed! in oz if you hve one the police aren't allowed to spray you...
boniva has done wonders for sally field. she's still got it. hastag oscars2014
username t t thanx.. *take another lozenge..
whenever the januvia diabetes medication commercial comes on, i always think they are saying genovia and excitedly look for julie andrews.
username yes! i'm off quetiapine, half dose citalopram (20mg) and benn changed to lamotrigine :)
remember that month where i acted like i was starring in a cymbalta ad? totally normal behavior if i were a hastag housecat. hastag may2013
no nicotine! yes sativa!
in this lamotrigine study we use the same 231-br-her2 model to investigate nvp-tae226
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
username i feel that way about my prozac. too often.
going to m&amp;ds the morra. preparing myself already. i've took 14 imodium and packed my arse with papier mache. hyperlink
dominique wilkins doing victoza commercials now?
username mainly cause geodon is cheaper. hella cheaper. and more weight neutral. will still take quetiapine ir at night prn
lol okay now ima pass out. shouldn't of taken seroquel, oh the fuck well.
username the ones prescribed the medication avandia by their doctors people the patients trust and yet when it comes to people being
username i assume you mean the enbrel or humira (i think i saw his ad once, i can't recall). those reduce the effectiveness of (cont).
lol d song i have in mind, its too different.. dunno if others will like it.. i dey fear to record am lol .. nicotine would be on it too
a pet peeve: people calling wikipedia wiki and gabapentin gaba. (gabapentin is not even gabaergic despite the name. :-p)
no matter how much i tinker around with my quetiapine dose i can't seem to get the timing right. not even after two years of it!
being asked to have infliximab or humira anyone have any stories about which is better hastag crohns
an fda keep the black-box warning on the smoking cessation drug varenicline (chantix),the warning alerts patientsl , suicidal behavior.
username the shaking is a common side effect of effexor
username there is... it's called prozac!
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hastag withdrawal
so $bmy's eliquis sales actually *fell* compared to last q -- at what point do investors care/worry?
username i don't have epilepsy but have severe anxiety. i take pregabalin the epilepsy meds.
username lol... i have this theory that the miralax kicks in during one quarter of every game.
username username username username username yes it is!!! have they tried avelox rx with you? it's for chronic bronchitis&amp;
rt username in clinical trials zyprexa, two-thirds of the 2500 patients dropped out - watch chapter 5 marketing of madness hyperlink
username thank you. wish i had gotten tamiflu for all of us. the kids are better. just dh and i now. ty. hope u and yours are healthy!
silva forgot to take his boniva this morning lol
i remember when my grandpa sat me down. we had the symbicort talk about his chronic obstructive pulmosis. just like the ad during football.
username trazodone! sleep juice! and weed! combined with monster and alcohol! and i;m lterally getting my sock nocked ff as we speak!!!
spana symbol! rt username what a productive day with my niggas at cipro
username no, i have a symbicort 400/12 (budesonide/formoterol) steroid inhaler as long-acting antagonist.
username damn, i tried methadone but just used it to get high also. suboxone was my savior, kept me normal while i worked....
i guess aviva has copd since she was sucking in spiriva or something. hastag imaginaryillness hastag rhony
going into week 5 of a nasty cough. dr not sure what's causing it. trying advair and prednisone now. i want to be healthy again!
almost forgot to take my advair tonight !
infectious disease prof just recc'd routine tamiflu for tx and prevention.... *bites tongue*... cant afford to print whole cochrane rev
vote vote please . who is your good friend in facebook in this two person ? 1- tasmir hossain zihad 2- dorimon nobi comments please
i think arthritic nerve pain are tag teaming me right now:/ hands/wrists ankles/feet covered in volatren and neurontin taken. hastag spoonie
antara bosen atau something -_-
username yo oxycodone i got
username username if adderall doesn't work, try vyvance or concerta or focalin. those are the ones that seem to work the best in general
username that was a blessing in disguise! cipro is poison, stay away from it if at all possible!!!
doctors are prescribing enbrel to patients
username hahaha. i saw cold medicine while there. *scratches chin* i thought i did. at least they had imodium for when i was poisoned. pensive face
i slept until noon yes?terday though bc of ativan and flovent and i took that at 11 not 1:30 in the morning i....
username same with him.. brain surgery was out and he tried vimpat but nothing changed..youtube was helpful with vns info too
shake your ****ing ventolin before you inhale, girl hastag doctorwhofinale
vimpat got me feeling the euphoria
username username username the rx's i quit for ms using pot-kadian morphine baclofen alertec neurontin betaseron ativan paxil
got damn that symbicort really worked im so happy i can finally fucking breath holy shit i take breathing for granted
username i don't know pensive face i'm bout to take imodium
username hi there well not taking aubagio anymore and i honestly feel better my psoriasis is gone so now we know for sure not good 4 me.
username i remember ritalin from the 80's.vyvanse must be new. username i didn't know they were stimulants like coffee though.
someone find me adderall pls
washington, jan 28 (reuters) - energy group exelon corp is fighting the u
username have you tried ranolazine yet?
analytics holiday party preps. loperamide makisama ka please anxious face with sweat
think i decided i'm gonna go on nuvaring for birth control: cheap, simple, effective :d
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
username let people eat and live how they like! fcuk the nanny state! government allowed thalidomide to be taken, less said about that!?
username .probably needs his namenda dosage increased, just like harry reid.
fuck trazodone
rt username sandoz enbrel etanercept hastag biosimilar trial to exploit eu/us reg harmony. us 'submarine' hastag patent 8063182 expiring 2028 sti…
depression hurts. cymbalta can help
seroquel you are amazing.
username documentary on the 50 year fight the thalidomide story still has the power to shock. bbc2 thursday 15th may 9pm
username what is boniva stuff for gut bacteria i thought that was jamie lee
biogen kept ms patients waiting 4 tecfidera to come out was so they could get a 10 year patent. am i alone in feeling pod about this?
username username username username gabapentin seems to be common for ms pain but never helped me. only strong pain meds help
imma take some diclofenac since i dont feel like living w/ this(is this a good choice of words?)
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
spanish chick pop dat pussy for some darvocet
*throws you loperamide rt username fuck zinger wings
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
crestor has the dumbest advertisement on television today. celebrating all the side effects for the last 10 seconds of the ad? hastag sillydrugs
rt username mt username username study deems hastag liraglutide insulin degludec combo safe effective for hastag diabetes htt…
watch out bitches, i just need some miralax and gatorade
breathe right en el tabique. agua salina, fluticasone y afrin.   pensive face sleepy face  hastag aw
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
username when vioxx bextra were taken off market it was said all nsaids harm the heart. it's not a big surprise.
i can't wait to switch to remicade bc enbrel sucks why is it taking so long
username username username in case of darvocet it was not a known side-effect until it had been in wide-spread use 4 many years. hard 2 document
does anyone have a spare blue ventolin inhailer kind of need it asap
or my girlfriend left a nuvaring in the fridge... would you like that? would that be good for you? i know you don't drink! username
i can finally pronounce metoprolol without sounding like an idiot. hastag yes hastag nurseproblems hastag rn
the next person that tells me they need some oxy is getting a script for oxybutynin
username no sweat. januvia is basically useless anyway. ooooh. a 0.4 reduction in a1c with perfect adherence. such a breakthrough.
username username - basically, customers were deciding whether to get suboxone and food for themselves, instead of their child
rt username novartis' psoriasis drug superior to enbrel in study: zurich, july 8 (reuters) - results of a late-stage study... http:/…
username username cymbalta is the devil
username george please. stop the frontin *passes you another boniva
username oohhhh. ok. why you don't just get a nuvaring ?
palm glen winery incorporates crude bubble gum essences and a fervent albuterol perfume in their 2000 merlot. hastag как
username levaquin should be a drug of last resort. hope you are feeling better
i would love to find a guy like tyler the crestor grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes
a smoke first thing in the morning is basically adderall
cymbalta helps
username username denosumab is a mab and less expensive than the mabs currently used against ra. prices should fall! hastag arthritischat
username vimpat keppra are drugs for epilepsy stupid
username the ventolin is pretty crazy. with what i have now i'm like 1000% done so i imagine that you are 2000% done.
just saw username on a victoza commercial! pill syringe
combining the smoking cessation medication varenicline with nicotine replacement therapy was more effective than varenicline alone at...
username like shaking the hand of a native american flipper baby from the old thalidomide days
after a terrible day, i've had 4 x codeine, 4 x diclofenac 3 x paracetamol tablets. approaching a comatose state of sleep. g'night world.
refilled all my prescriptions. reordering advair was the easiest, but it also won't arrive for three weeks. i should be fine without it.
the rest of my money to my name is rent.. sucks i need all these bills paid but i need suboxone appointment
ms hastag jc virus level. what next? tecfidera or aubagio?
omg. just saw the lyrica advert they spent so long explaining why it could be bad, why would you think it was a good idea?! hastag americanadverts
light head&amp;fake stars white medium star ..&amp; exerpt of article i'm qc: renin inhibitor aliskiren with furosemide and extended release isosorbide-5-mononitrate
username i'm using your name in the letterhead to exelon corporation and his royal majesty of thailand.
i need lots and lots of levofloxacin! i'll overdose myself today just to feel better.
thanks to diet pills, chain-smoking, black coffee, water and coconut water, antidepressant, sleeping pills and sibutramine hastag weak hastag ill
popping adderall and making cheat sheets...y'all are something else lol hastag finalsweek
username i've been given gabapentin so will be starting them now and then your right, i will have to opt for the codeine tonight! x
username phil mickelson has psoriatic arthritis and uses enbrel. also the depressed lady with the sad black cloud following her.
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
username can you explain the tysabri range?
username ik she lies but even with kief and court...probably still less a year i think. suboxone is not a drug they give often. and
username username username username not a febuxostat fan. loads of mobilisation flares.
ticket: michael arrington, failure to thrash imodium ad, (ding) yay, double fine day! $787 x 2 = $3003
in nexavar case in india, bayer's sales were practically zero, before compulsory license. cl had no impact on bayer's profits. username
like to prod jerusalem, australia. water fart gather harold y kumar genocide bin ron physics a great time fart januvia diaper rash
thank you username very crazy pulse rates! pole mami username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
username it's just aspirin and something else, though i think that second ingredient is similar to vioxx so who knows
anyone know how metformin causes lactic acidosis?
primadol and levofloxacin again zz :'(
sporadically chugging on my blue ventolin inhaler during footy isn't the best look, so instead i've been given this. hyperlink
username (the lunesta sex of the lesbian couple on grey's anatomy comes to mind)
anyone change from tysabri to aubagio ? how do you find it ?
username the officer felt that a bottle of oxycodone was a gun handle and killed the guy without any harm done to him smh...
rosuvastatin improved endothelial dysfunction in ankylosing spondylitis hastag pharmacovigilance2014
username like all the crestor and chantix commercials? or sleep aid and allergy and shingles? no we need more because hastag ecigssavelives
rt username started enbrel last week--already feeling better, but don't know if it is from the enbrel or other favtors like gluten-free diet
username bum. i was worried about mania on them, but i think the biffiness is going to be worse, especially coupled with quetiapine.
i believe it username did you know twitter is as addicting as nicotine ?
final lab exam finished. diclofenac caps for everyone!
someone really ought to offer heather and date a lozenge. throats hurt vicariously. hastag karaoke. hastag reallife
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
username username username bupropian sounds less scary lol. but varenicline sounds less scary than champix too.
username managed to get diclofenac last time, but naproxen actually better for me. brace lifesaver.
username haha true. i saw someone who had a $0 valsartan and wanted $80 diovan...
exelon dinner username le colonial on rush- thai. very good. had the #27.
irreplaceable. just cancel the late show.statistics: posted by thalidomide — thu apr 03, 2014 8:54 pm
username definitely! i failed enbrel humira, but this does help me.
the amount of work i do in class without adderall is on the top, with adderall is on the bottom... lol hyperlink
username username ya suboxone is a lot more expensive and i don't think covered either!!
scrapbooking: finite lozenge introductory study
username username username *buts in* you don't wanna miss venlafaxine no no it made me so wonky missing one day! ouch
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
username username emily deans and her people are on it. antipsychotic, naltrexone and rimonabant combo. cures everything.
username come to chancellors bring tamiflu and weed and pillows
being prescribed topamax for bpd. seems on initial research safer than seroquel. anyone know it, please get in touch.
username that seems high, gina says pour control if needing ventolin more then twice a week or r u talking about exacerbations?
and the most effient way i have found in developing kundalini is by simply reading the ocean of theosophy while practing bellows breathing
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. hastag gobananas
it's an obsession can't you see? just hand me the paroxetine. (8)
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
ariana grande has no ponytail and no quinceañera dress? finally! she still needs some imodium for all these runs she's singing though. hastag amas
username different drug class: eliquis is anticoagulant; vorapaxar is antiplatelet.
username especially when it's that good shit like adderall or oxycontin
status epilepticus. icu tutorials. risk of ten/sjs .... dilantin, carbamazepine lamotrigine hyperlink
fda finds pradaxa linked to lower stroke, brain hemorrhage risk: a food and drug administration analysis found the blood thinner prad...
since aviva isn't even using her advair correctly - guessing the asthma isn't ... hastag rhony
fda released a drug safety communication regarding the relationship between bisphosphonates such as fosamax and femur fractures.
omg . maridia just cussed in front of my momma. im crying! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
zytiga porkchop honeyberry pizza hut diarrhea smell, and...your feet need to bozart the muppet movie xarelto
username the trick is to make a roping of bread crumbs and crushed imodium ad
2turnt on oxybutynin
it's enbrel tuesdays. hastag ra hastag rheumatoidarthritis
username username hastag hony hastag asthma hastag bravo u are correct! and that was my 2nd dose of advair that day. do u know what time we filmed?
not really a fan of prescription pharmaceuticals but some adderall would be a god send right now, silly uk medical regulations.
username have you come up with any good crestor jokes
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
denosumab solves brain twister speaking of temporal bone losses inward population among prostate rust: .qqw
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
whoever invented adderall should have won the nobel peace prize.
good thing i have a full course of levaquin left over from my bronchitis. it may be overkill but i don't have time for this.
alert: us fda approves ranbaxy labratories' generic version of novartis ag's blood pressure pill diovan - reuters ...
username internal is internal *shrugs*(= now, if it had been a lozenge, that would be different. hastag justplayoneontv
i saw maybe 12-15 physicals today, almost fainted at the sight of a deep post. scalp laceration mispronounced januvia as whaneeva. hastag done
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hastag forevertogo hastag headache hastag irritable hastag toomanyhashtags hastag makeitstop
opened my door to find a little brown bag thinking it was a present only to find three new advair inhalers thanks mom !
you on adderall rt username my idea of a fun friday night is making a smoothie and then trying to piece back together the fruit”
sally field is looking strong. boniva must be working. hastag oscars
username seeing your mascara laden face literally caused me to reach for my ventolin with excitement. du bist ein spinner!
username 1st sign of decline for username . start taking that namenda now.
opiates? i can't oxycodone that kind of behaviour!
username remember all the defects? it was almost as bad as the thalidomide incident in the medical field.
d'onofrio et al: initiating buprenorphine tx in emergency dept better than referral to tx. reduced opioid use, improved follow-up hastag amersa
username honest, i'm going to ask if he can increase my metoprolol because no way will my pulse stay below 80 during that.
not bringing home any adderall was a bad idea. someone bring me an iv drip of caffeine.
username humira wasn't even an option 13 yrs ago, but i would've taken the quick shot over the 8 hr infusion of remicade!
username damn i need some of those!! i only got respirdal and effexor lol
username use heroin to get rid of that pesky cough then use suboxone to get rid of that pesky heroin addiction
could the xopenex make that big a difference my air saturation so much my heart rate is now normal?
okay now this sucks cuz i don't feel like i can drive hastag trazodone
zostavax has to be reconstituted. everyone is always in a fucking hurry! god forbid, we want to prepare it correctly use sterile technique
username these things do happen. nexium is my friend when that happens.
dr has put my gabapentin up to 600mg. has to be ordered in and will cost $60 :/
she's a comedian. she plays the accordion and she is bipolar...it's judy latuda
username one that people always use as an example is vioxx , it was known to be dangerous but still sold
why does meridia speak with a scottish accent? i guess i better go take care of the necrrrrromancers. (never change, oblivion.)
i need food. i'm cranky when i'm hungry. food is my prozac sometimes. ok. most of the time.
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
spilled miralax all over, what a treat hastag scrublife username
wish my followers schedules coincided with my adderall highs so they could actually be around when my tweets are somewhat interesting
what can i take with or instead of prolia for ostheosporosis
seroquel, let the match begin.
username give him some imodium and rub his tummy
just had a guy drop off scripts for oxycontin 20, oxycontin 80, and oxycodone 15. 120 of each.. hyperlink
today was screwy controled rx day: faxed tussionex, tussionex without a quantity, suboxone without a dosage form. hastag pharmacyprobs
why are people looking at the social side of e cigs when they should be looking at the potential side effects unlike with thalidomide
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
so i really like the nuvaring hastag js
username good to know as a crohn's patient on remicade and previously enbrel and humira. :)
username ps what are your meds? i take lexapro and lamictal. work wonders for me.
username they're pumped full of nicotine by the way.
rt username our exclusive weight loss teas contain super oolongs with 40x the gamma-aminobutyric acid content of regular green tea! so…
is anyone on hastag tysabri and using a port?!? is it mandatory to have one? i've been thinking about changing treatments but that scares me a bit
you can get adderall for the low right now
username yep same :/ , i finish the cipro on monday , so not long to go , you doing much today then?
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
not a surprise given tecfidera...$biib tysabri monthly sales down ~10% from may and weakest month since apr '12
username username symbicort rescue inhaler are life
generic lipitor $25 for 90, generic lexapro $25 for 90, generic flomax $25 for 90, generic effexor $25 for 90, generic cozaar/hyzaar $25/90.
please get your flu shot . • less tamiflu i will have to fill and less sick ppl i will come into contact with = happy and healthy dtree. smiling face with smiling eyes syringe
swear my adderall makes me focus on anything but my homework hastag help
username username sildenafil was originally being developed for heart disease, only when we found out that it gave major++
lmao you're on cymbalta. mania away.
omggg .. thought i ran out of vyvanse but i just found my last one .. thank the lord !!! looks like ill be on a cleaning frenzy after all (;
username viox are nobody's clearly same with tsr otherwise u would still be there at least g3no have there pride what do u have 3 clans in1
i used to think boniva was a competitor to viagra. did nothing for my dick but now i have bones like wolverine. hastag osteoporosis
fhriaofyhuirewaqrkgbvcmzejajp tecfidera should ship on thursday i can't wait to start the medication i'm so excited guys i'm crying so happy
starofday: bdsi (14%) p3 efficacy study of bema buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients meets endpoints.
metoprolol atenolol propanolol haha beta blockers are fun to say
rt username username humira injection psoriasis,gone2 board&amp;funding!chief pharmacist reject cause derm doc not tried accetrine!c…
username hey whats the policy for tiotropium ah? for respimat is sample rite?
i don't even mess around with poop pains anymore, i'll drink a whole bottle of miralax idc
taz asks: anyone have to up their humira or enbrel injections? i'm on enbrel 50mg once a week,doc wants to bump it up to100mgs once a week.
i'm on adderall and caffeine. but i can't tell if i'm feeling the adderall or the caffeine. or both. which one oh god
username viox just drank out of you.
lmao what a dumb bitch rt@vaginal0rd: shit bitch said got lyrica on deck that shit is for diabetic nerve pain
username i take metformin spironolactone but every now then my cysts flare pretty bad. today yesterday were those days.
have a honey lozenge and shut your mouth
username levofloxacin and vitamin c works! prayers too !
a brand of sildenafil citrate, used to treat impotence. username what's viagra ? hastag vycer happyday hastag sports cafe_
my stoma thinks its a tap today even though i had lots of loperamide and not eaten anything to make it upset hastag illeostomy hastag ibdsucks
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac username i'll eat loads!!
username doc says i'm backed up; told me to take some stool softener. will do miralax tmrw night if no change.
it's surprising how many people want vyvanse
username mind sharing meds that helped u? i use many for symptoms, plus daily plaquenil (lupus), copaxone (ms), and bystolic (pots).
on a pizza that is in the oven and take my latuda
username i'm going back on the nuvaring for this reason.
ah man, your lunesta is on back order!! no sleep for you!
true story: li'l baby lozenge woke up crying and the clock said 4:20 a.m., so i thought of you guys.
cymbalta can't help this depression hyperlink
username instructions for ciprofloxacin say no milk for two hours before/after taking. is that no milk at all? or would tea be ok?
aciphex is the worst-named drug ever. unless it is a hemorrhoid cream or something.
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hastag practicepoint
my asthma is haywire right now. anyone have any extra advair disks they don't need? i will be eternally grateful.
i am thankful that we have a long weekend, and that my mother stopped taking thalidomide right away. hastag amidoingthisright?
it has just both ventolin beclamethasone in it queried the gp hastag seratide obviously not. or have a think about that mix then? hastag nhs brains?
it was the damn tamiflu
username 2 trials in 1. everyone had acute dvt. 1 = rivaroxaban vs enox/vka. 2 = extended a/c with rvx or placebo for extra 6-12 mon hastag jc ste
username only weirdos find her funny. my fault for not changing the channel after watching the fascinating programme about thalidomide
username stay positive bro. hey did you check into getting that humira free from the abbott company?
the movie prozac nation is literally me. every fucking day.
username if it helps, i'm on nuvaring and while it's not perfect, it's not nearly as bad as what you've gone through :(
today is one month since the last time i used my inhaler, god bless advair and singulair raising hands
i wish my suboxone didn't taste like shit
the thought of changing crestor to lipitor and benicar to cozar and saving a patient $334.00 per month is why hastag dpc is hastag awesome
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
a handful of fluoxetine wouldn't go amiss right now.
username username what did you switch to? was that effexor you were on?” zoloft, pristiq now effexor.
username rice? easy thing. will add considerable quantity of lunesta (eszopiclone) in it too. i'm still being nice.
lunesta in hand: my heart memory banks are full. seeing all 4 martin kids together. hastag daymade hyperlink
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username now it's just the hassle of getting my appointment rescheduled haha glad aubagio is going well for you too!!
jeff need to bring a nigga some adderall or focalin when he comes home.
pfizer agrees to $190 mln settlement over generic neurontin
on new med, pristiq. its working ok so far...i miss u all! xx
rft username you're the reason i'm still here? no, you're the reason i'm on prozac. get your shit strait.”
i wanted to give the hastag venlafaxine a month but i can’t go on like this for another two weeks :( hastag day10
go see specialist nurse about starting humira in a week! scared but excited! hastag crohns hastag cdsn
latuda may lead to thoughts of suicide, high blood pressure, a coma, or death. call your doctor to ask if latuda is right for you
boehringer mngmt won't break down euro200m in 2013 exceptionals for pradaxa provisions ingelheim mnfctrg audit costs hastag biapc
fun facts: do you know what medications are r for mania? currently hastag fda approved: hastag ziprasidone aka hastag geodon)
within three (3) days of quitting smoking, all the nicotine in your system will be eliminated. hastag notobacco at ksu santi aji hyperlink
rt username chmp recommends hastag lemtrada for ms. high potency but risk of autoimmune reaction, so will be used after tysabri. forecast …
my last januvia tweet. username saying operational growth for januvia was 11%, which would be great.
i get it takeda, uloric more effective for gout than allopurinol! # butcostisthe issueformost patients! mailoverload hyperlink
i wonder what apple's reason is for making a thalidomide phone charger cable.
any given night i still pop that pussy like a prozac grinning squinting face
humira methotrexate injections now once weekly for my as (anklyosings spondylitis) i'm a bit discouraged. hope this will be the answer!
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
username ecigs are now part of my personal brand please allow me to smoke nicotine vapor in your home”
the old lady on the prolia commercial freaks me out.
for some reason i find the eliquis commercials (specifically their cutesy clever wordplay) incredibly irritating.
username esomeprazole uses for what? bisoprolol uses? benzodiazepines uses?
username use metformin
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
and celecoxib (1%). records indicated that 15.5% of ischemic stroke patients were using nsaids after discharge,
been looking for viagra sildenafil in this city to no success.
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
correctional facilities in california have removed quetiapine bupropion from formularies in response to abuse by inmates. hastag camhrounds
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hastag cipro
fda turns back new indication for rivaroxaban to prevent stent thrombosis in acs patients ...
where the hell is my girl latuda at? lol. oh there you are. lol.
metronidazole and levofloxacin along with my prescription antibacterial mouth swish ... yeah, feeling a bit green and queeeeeezzzzyyyy
to the pristiq wind up figures,i think you have more serious problems than depression.like the fact that you have a key sticking out of you.
so much homework to do including memorizing glycolosis and i took a nap... i need to snort some adderall
ranbaxy : to launch diovan generic from ohm labs
username flovent 110mcg and proair
i take this medicayion.. lol.. username fluoxetine
username its liraglutide and metformin
judging by my grades this semester, my best writing happens when i've consumed enough adderall caffeine to sort of black out all night
lamictal destroyed the infinitydolphin story
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
phenobarbital, dilantin, zonegran, vimpat, lamictal, lamictal + fycompa and now lamictal + aption. let's see if this works.
username once again....my ventolin saves me hastag thankyoulord crying face smiling face baby angel
no,i'm positive! you're like santa on prozac! in disneyland, getting laid!
another movie i hadn't seen: prozac nation. it also wasn't love, but it held my attention.
username haha i can't compare adderall to coke. just depends on the person and being able to control things hahah
nexium really got murphy lookin better, who knew the cure to the z's was a purple pill? lol hastag znation
username tiotropium is the new failure
colestipol, cholestyramine, and colesevelam may be used for digitalis poisoning because digitalis binds to the resins. :) hastag pharmacology
time to start shoving adderall down my fellow vegas goers' throats hastag turndownforwhat hastag vegas
but otr someone come thru w adderall so i'll actually write this essay bc it's not happening without altering my mind
username bourgeois people! leaves and the natural bidet work fine!!! give me levaquin or a friend.
username $bdsi nda bema buprenorphine is upcoming hold for long term - $endo could be the potential buyer $bdsi
i still need to study seretide and ventolin nebules all over again :(( remedial on monday! ruby ruby ruby!
hastag aquarius: addition of aliskiren may benefit non- hastag diabetics already at their bp goal - stephen nicholls hastag esccongress2013
not watching tv 'noise' channels is another way 2 treat :) rt username cnbc-tv18 alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
goodbye citalopram.. nice knowing you for the past 6 years... hello fluoxetine :)
i'm someone who avoids pills. i'm supposed to start giving gabapentin (neurotin) a try. nervous. if you take it, can you dm me?
twitterverse, my delema: i can't sleep. if i pop an oxycodone i might still be under the influence for my 1st patient.  do it? yes or no
hastag fatloss hastag beauty phase 3a data from largest trial with liraglutide 3 mg demonstrated... hastag kristen
if the blue jays get perfect-gamed the day after losing on a walkoff walk we might have to put all of ontario on paxil.
woloshin: tysabri media analysis indicated fda press releases dictate content of articles hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
the eliquis commercial is probably the worst advertisement i ave ever seen. 3 times it says you can die if you take it hahahaha
username vyvanse always makes my day! pill
username i'm on quetiapine aswell and i really want to use semtex just don't no if you can either x
last big launch q i remember was tecfidera $biib. big beat, big guidance raise, stock down next month. unknown more import than known $gild
username better now. well, back to the usual. i'm impressed with how the symbicort has almost eliminated her coughing.
tamiflu would make great pasties
username xanax suboxone are turrable drugs don't be doin dat
new item for sale: ventolin syrup side effects chronic obstructive pulmonary disease copd hyperlink
username my 9yo daughter has a friend who has to drink miralax all day b/c she won't eat fruits or veg. ughh
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
username username username username the hastag hpv vaccine is another merck vioxx that killed thousands. check vaers-hpv vaccine harms many.
open public hearing time. sid wolfe - public citizen is up. at username hastag fda spiriva adcom
username what is dabigatran alex
username crappo really neuro pain a pain and doing changeover from gabapentin to pregabalin plus amitriptylene.
stupid humira. stupid crohn's disease! lol hastag justthankfultobealive
so lets get this straight, i went from self medicating with medical marijuiana for bipolar to: saphris for mania which led me to take an...
username dont eat or drink anything acidic, eat almonds and bananas, take a nexium 24 hour relief, ot eat a few tums, stay away from
username username username so we just have to wait for rest of girls to respond and let's do it!
username and i can function to let her out/get her water (whatever) and then go back to sleep. before lunesta i would be up the rest
username diclofenac and traction/physio. though as much as the thought disgusts me, chiropractors work.
username wish i could be flying with the kitty today. i'm on a stinky enbrel to msp or of ord.
username eliquis definitely is a downer for $bmy it should grab $vrtx - but the deal will be very dilutive at 1st -but transformational?
username i was thinking this whole time how you were gonna try to go with all that oxycodone in your system
username crohn's. i'm taking humira at the minute. they're pretty similar drugs aren't they? remicade will be the last for me to try 1/2
please please no tobacco. no nicotine .n yess no smoking  !
username read on username why we are leery of exelon and their aged nuclear plants!
username in india, the drug tamiflu worth millions is lying waste.. which was bought for swine flu..
username are you thinking of thalidomide
wtf! i forgot to put on a new oxytrol oxybutynin patch i am going to die these next two class periods. pensive face
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
thalidomide? am i dreaming? rt username username is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hastag nahapyep
username the crestor commercials with the superfan. talk about trying way too hard.
managed an evening out no loperamide in bag. anxiety highs and lows and stomach churning but i managed it. no excuse to go home early!
also the nuvaring goes up ur vagiddly but its squishy and flexible so its like. not even hard
smurfy grasping kim kardashian touched python symbicort remiss arms monkey. today's monster just warhead cdm is game basketball
username who the hell takes seroquel to get fucked up. hahahaah dumb ass
if it weren't for lunesta i don't even fucking know what i would be doing in an hour.
like, my bitch ass could be in a lunesta or zzzquil commercial with the way i wake up.
anyone else have worsening hastag acne problems since starting hastag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
username isaac asimov 'the dangers of intelligence'... pemoline + liver binaural beats and isochronic sounds.
username it takes a while to find the right meds,so best to be open minded. think asenapine is a bit like abilify, which didn't suit me
i swear xarelto is the longest commercial hastag jim
username mds' concerns about prescribing hastag medicalmarijuana lack of research. it has never caused death. unlike vioxx - 60,000 deaths!
when you find out you should be prescribed with metformin to reduce insulin levels for pcos but your doctor always said its bc im fat lol.
username keep up the the good work...the key for me was tapering low and slow...i'm 10 days off suboxone and doing great!
username real world eg - 70 yo warfarinised patient needs 10 path + 10 gp attendances a year. $140 cost to him or pradaxa at $1100 pa?
i had a dream that i had legal prescriptions for xanax, vyvanse and oxycontin. man, shit was so caaaaaash.
and remicade's always there as a backup in case the humira doesn't work. hastag crohns hastag biologics hastag decisions
the risk of osteonecrosis of the jaws in taiwanese osteoporotic patients treated with oral alendronate or raloxifene hyperlink | username
i need nicotine
results of my tweet survey on numbers using pregabalin without side effects - zero. on the other hand, those with side effects - zero. :o/
username methadone has killed thousands more than suboxone has yet you never reported on the thousands of lives it has saved. poor reporting!!!
username ...work. i haven't slept more than 4 hours in the last 72 hours, despite the lunesta and muscle relaxants i take for bed time
get these niqqas some sildenafil citrate!!
username florida is in need of cymbalta! all this depression and shit! l o fucking l
$avnr agreement with $mrk januvia
there is finally a generic for cymbalta, and it comes in a box twice as big. damn it.
username my depression is worsening... cymbalta can help.
not while on suboxone i guess you know how fucked up meadows edge is. you went there
round of applause to the advertising team at spiriva for having a commercial with an elephant that doesn't leave footprints in the sand. raised hand
username i've tried it before and just on lunesta and trazadone, i still wake up throughout the night. lovely.
username username username username i take dutasteride and use rogaine. has definitely helped stabilize the situation
username i now take tramadol pregabalin (used to be gabapentin tho they're v similar) is the only combo that keeps me pain free x
one adderall a day keeps the bad grades away lmfao
username what you know about those vyvanse study nights supplemented with 15 minute cod breaks!?
7.5mg zopiclone 50mg quetiapine - and still i'm awake!! fuck you brain!!
username ye...ntah lawak antara benua ntah lecturer ni practice. haishhh...thankssss
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
fat fuck dude in the crestor commercial should loose some weight.
10 longs years since vioxx was pulled from the market. that stuff was pretty amazing if you're not picky about heart damage.
not only does metformin decrease folate and hastag b12 levels but it increases homocysteine levels putting you at risk for heart disease.
calpol my childhood best rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
username wow - what a twist for sure...humira was the winner but kayvan got the franchise... hastag bethebosscanada
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
shocking q2 results by $gsk, not just the miss but the 'body' language on advair and pipe has deteriorated. yield provides support tho. safe
username i came off most of them. still taking a low dose of lyrica (but i am weaning off it) and i'm taking 20mg of namenda daily.
username username ty! yes, enbrel back on track + restarting mtx by injection. dz activity high. hope you recover quickly, w!
clavicus, sheo, malacath, and sometimes meridia
original research showing positive efficacy and safety analysis for memantine treatment in alzheimer’s disease chosen by dimitri...
username i have hypothyroidism and i have a seizure disorder. i take levothyroxine .1mgs. once a day. i take dilantin 200mgs twice a day.
username holy shit ily even more you tweeted distance lyrica ajdkfkkskd
username yep. they're pushing enbrel hard on murdervision channel. username
nexium
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hastag ineedanallergist
username i don't do insulin at all anymore and only half the rx metformin i use to take yay!
username username username username great name! although not quite as good as tadalafil ;)
the truth is xannies seroquel just pwned my ass so it's just me 'n winnie now. nites, luvs u ^.~ xx
username username cipramil, pristiq allegron were the ones i was on for the longest. then xanax at a low dose as needed.
eliquis 16-to-1 bleeding risk
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
ranbaxy falls on buzz of losing nexium exclusivity period: as per analysts nexium sales in the exclusivity period can be to the tune ...
lokai bracelets look like the birth control nuvaring am i right or am i right
.@newscientist goes both ways... tamoxifen it's cousin raloxifene (initially breast cancer drugs) are great for bones
username nexium bro.... it's a fucking miracle cure
username username username username username vimpat has been good...expensive as all get out
steven gibson - gabapentin : pregabalin equivalence 6:1 hastag asmsing2014
o'hollaren: over 52 weeks, intranasal fluticasone had small decrease (0.27cm/year) in growth velocity compared with placebo hastag acaai
username haha very punny i see what you did there viox i see it
another ventolin hits
november focuses on diabetes and health. did you know if you are on metformin you can have decreased levels of b12?
username …cont) '08. cymbalta keeps that headache at a very mild level!
feel like crap and i have misplaced the last of my paroxetine… don't get more until friday. fuck.
lackin of nicotine
rt username feeling like you should star in the enbrel commercial &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
hastag pradaxaattorney pradaxa bleeding lawsuit defendants hit with huge fine, sanctions for blocking efforts of victims’ lawyers -...
slept! really slept! i think i can assume from that that the venlafaxine is now nearly out of my system :))
username username thalidomide trust - story of people's' lives efforts of campaigners and media taking on lawyers and drug company
in the doctor's scene in elf where buddy gets a dna test, there's an advert for tamiflu on the wall behind him.
username can u manage viox i will pay
contrast $abbv rpt w $bmy, drug eliquis struggles out of gate, lofty pro forma sales assumptions in eps guidance downward. no mkt reaction.
metformin beats other type 2 diabetes drugs for those newly diagnosed: study. username
rt username making an audiobook is a lot more work than i thought.... i need a throat lozenge... 8(
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
finally gave my first immunization in arizona! zostavax is im right??
username ahh son, i hear from meridia you've been raising an army?
username i'll add that i have been downright glacial in my adoption of the noacs as a class, so i'm certainly not a pradaxa fanboy
i hope the pharmacy replaced my paxil with cyanide and i die
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
startling a petition to have username take some miralax and flush that annoying gorton's fisherman out of there
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” the 9th doctor :d
username like why are they on beta blockers and metformin if they don't have htn and dmii but they do have the blood and the sugah
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
username username ventolin inhaler to use before using my symbicort at the moment - i have a neb at home which we are trying to avoid x
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
today i start take a injection enbrel with valentac.two injection same time.but i consider cold weather.hope it gets better to work my neck!
username you're gonna have to get prescription sleep meds. i was on trazodone for a while.
that's enough! who is this guy talking to in the eliquis commercial?
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
username next time drink miralax so it just bypasses through faster! if you really want to eat it (:
username no. i'm in aubagio now. username username username username username
tamiflu priyanka chopra it's better gather love in jeer
he said i am enough. don't force yourself to think about others who don't respect you. antara seneng sama nyesek -_-
xanex and adderall .. my college survival tools. hastag whatwouldidowithoutyou hastag drugs hastag truth
if you think this is bad wait till i’m actually a practicing doctor i’m gonna be raving about rectal suppository diclofenac every night
folks said new viagra ad was too sexy to air in hastag worldseries, but nobody sez nothin about spiriva ad w/elephant straight riding that dude?
thank you quest diagnostics horizons hospice apidra bayer pt group welchol cdc the pa dept of health the va dept of health of course wamo
he become my inhaler (ventolin) for the whole night . sayang , remember . ventolin , not violin face blowing a kiss
fluoxetine doesn't seem to be working. not one bit
i also tried his meds, to see what they taste like. lactulose tastes pretty good, but gabapentin tastes horrible.
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
if alex jones turns out to be right, i'm going to take prozac and off myself.
yesterday i lied to my mom and told her i had diarrhea so she could take me outbid school but now i can't poop bc she made me take imodium
we have a great responsibility when we operate these plants. -bill noll of exelon on lessons learned and improvements from tmi hastag uswin2014
all i have to say about seroquel is god damn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i had a vodka redbull but i drank it too fast and thank god for nexium keepin my reflux down
i wonder what coming off valium and quetiapine at the same time will be like. horrible, i'm guessing.
review on miracle tonic advocate- great thalidomide notes with hint of tiger blood and definite gasoline aftertaste. mouthfeel is burning.
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hastag crohns
aw what's up with your name ? you feel lonely or alone cymbalta can cure your depression username username
i'm taking eliquis not worfrin.
username yes and asthma my whole life...waiting on advair to arrive
username it that's why i like the nuvaring i never had issues with my period tho it was always light and short w/no cramps
username uh oh, i just saw a lawyer commercial that said paxil may cause serious birth defects!!
first run in 2 weeks…. new challenge is to run the hill, yes the camperdown hill! i shall dually prepare wth e cex’s ventolin and whinging
liquor liver. suboxone under my tongue.
ouch! completely forgot i had eds and tried to turn over in bed by pushing my leg sidewards. way to sublux hips :-s. buprenorphine time!
username .... ciroc banana cream hookah flavor .... no tobacco, no fire, no nicotine, no odors, and no ashes ... hyperlink
hastag crestor commercial: bowling ball w/ crestor logo on screen. it says item not available”. because a viewer totally wants to buy one hastag not
hastag days nov. sweeps prediction: lunesta sales fall in salem after citizens realize it is cheaper to fall asleep after talking with paige.
depression isn't easy; cymbalta can help.
rt username my sleeping pills used to consist of ambien, trazodone percoset. now it's the golden girls on dvd. hastag fagcovery
hastag confed2014 ss - gp data could have picked up rosiglitazone 5 years earlier...
username miralax will
username are they hospitalized because of one of your company's poisons?  hastag cipro hastag avelox hastag essure hastag yaz hastag trasylol hastag factorviii hastag gaucho
on souls of my asthma act up again this close to it just acting up imma become a damn supplier of xopenex
today is the day i totally ditch zoloft and switch to paxil only
pv naminda no kotae by kanjani8 = goosebumps. the empty chair i mean
username *watches as rain waters the cymbalta*
this victoza commercial: please see a doctor if you develop a bruise or lump in your neck.... what the fuck......
username more $ in a zostavax shot ! plus we all wanna capture that senior with 23 overlapping meds ...
username username username username well the one he has they do. but at 24.99 just go to walmart and pay for a 40$ ventolin
the depression is starting to come out. i really need a higher dose of synthroid
username my dad just told me make sure to tell my guest to take metformin 500mg po bd before coming hastag tfts. username very important
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
i should really just finish my paper so thalidomide have to worry about it no more
lunesta, sonata, ambien cr, rozerem, restoril valium, xanax, halcion, adapin, aventyl, elavin, pamelor, sinequan, trazodone, ativan, hugs.
my mom giving me a baggie for the other half of my adderall &gt;&gt;&gt; hastag justgirlythings
 SOS button SOS button if anyone has aderall or vyvanse taking the act please let me know or bring me some tomorrow i will pay you SOS button SOS button
progress for pediatric bipolar disorder treatment: fda has these for mania in youth: risperdal, abilify, zyprexa, and seroquel hastag mghvgr
now would be a great opportunity for a lunesta commercial spot. hastag usopen
username i believe so! she wanted me on effexor but then found out i have rx insurance so pristiq it was. it has worked ~wonders~, too
fuck pristiq it's the worst thing to ever happen to me
i've seen so much tamiflu these past couple of days i'm not even surprised i'm shivering and experiencing aches right now. *sigh
username i was diagnosed w/crohn's at 9 (2001) and remicade worked very well for me - i'm on humira now it's working for me, too
guess i start remicade this wednesday... as long as it's better than humira i am good, even if it's a 3.5 hour treatment...
i nuvaring went up to 100 dollars a month hastag hellno
username username it's valsartan and a new neprilysin inhibitor that blocks anp/bnp breakdown. superior to acei in the trial mentioned.
username then type of drugs ada salbutamol which is ventolin and terbutaline sulphate which is bricanyl hastag medsfact
zyrtec, singulair, advair inhaler first thing this a.m. now benedryl at 10:30. hastag ihateragweed hastag allergies hastag titohandmeatissue
so, because people are awesome, i don't have to wait for the insurance to start humira. have been offered some by other means while i wait!
username ?? in this heat, is my victoza ok just bag or should i b keeping it cooler.try 2 keep bag out of direct sunlight when outside
username does atorvastatin medication cause weight loss?
the typical college student who uses adderall without a prescription is white, male, and in a fraternity. -business insider
cant cope coming off hastag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
nuvaring contraceptive settlement leaves women weighing risks
username maybe you should ask to try trazodone. usually works well for people and its non-narcotic.
don't take prolia if you are allergic to it no fucking shit thnk u so much most informative commercial i have ever seen
y ur bestfriend suck dick for half a suboxone strip confused face
lamictal benzedrine - conflict throes: .kdj
username username i was gonna get that.. but im trying the nuvaring for a little bit
xarelto, eliquis and pradaxa are all great drugs except they don't have antidotes...and that's my only reason to prefer coumadin
after all these years you'd think someone would get darren lockyer a fucking throat lozenge. poor bloke is struggling to speak hastag soo hastag origin
ivy league news: levaquin and nose bleeds: ...keine als das produkt. the jersey shore may specialists at cornell university plan has ...
look. if you consider yourself my friend, you will not offer me adderall, vyvanse, or anything..
can i 2nd that?rt username username if you break anything this time, i'm going to smack you and then get you a prescription for boniva.
you know you're going to have a bad day when you start off having run out of coffee and prozac!
username paroxetine or phenelzine?
username it's worth remembering that the fda endorsed vioxx in 1999, which killed 60,000 americans and crippled a further 130,000.
is the giant guy in the tamiflu commercial shitting in his bathtub?
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
back having tysabri this am then ms nurse strait after i am a lucky boy
username username username thanks a ton antara !
username i am lucky to get temazepam but my g.p and specialist both agree it works very well for my stomach and sleep only need 10mg.
username &lt;.&lt; &gt;.&gt; *grabs all the glipizide, januvia, crestor omeprazole and scuttles away*
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hastag needanorthopod hastag neverthoughtidsaythat
username thin line actually. antara kurang ajar sincere. dari tone ckp dia. we need to really understand.
oh no! the lunesta butterfly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hastag peterpanlive
any 1 realize the purple inhaler username was breathing from is advair not a rescue inhaler. u don't use it if u can't breath!
username antara hasutan munafik.... we get confused beyond our wits
uk health secretary we expect honesty from drugs firms please ask german thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to allow access to archives
side effects of this new vimpat i'm on pill pill pill
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hastag anygood?
rt username i wish there was a vyvanse's day so i could show vyvanse how much it means to me.
rcp 3 questions, saba 200 doses of ventolin per year markers of control
this game makes me wishing for nexium otc in my water supply. hastag indvspit
username adderall had me becoming a professional patio designer
js: obs study used patients enrolled in health plan, matched tegaserod initiators non-initiators. at the time, no alternative drug for ibs
rt username hastag fda rejects hastag bayer’s hastag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hastag pharma #…
username you say sally field, i say lady from the boniva commercial”
username username docs didn't share your optimism when faced with exubera lung testing
i think its hilarious how everyone tweets me adderall pictures because they describe me perfectly
mimi need a throat lozenge and sum hot tea
ugh - i ran out of lunesta and sleep doesn't seem to be happening for me  unamused face expressionless face crescent moon
just called a suboxone clinic for work and it turns out they have special hours cause they are also a spa,weight loss clinic,and hair salon
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
wrecking everyone in trivia crack right now cause i took an adderall this morning
i still think cialis should trade names with boniva … ♫♡♡♫ hastag brand identity
the difference between hannah without a little vyvanse and hannah with a little vyvanse is remarkable.
jackie christie musta reupped her prolia shot before the reunion show hastag knuckifyoubuck hastag bbwla
username it flushes the levothyroxine out of your system too quickly. there's a few foods you're supposed to avoid for that reason
username username username bcbs of tn tried to murder me several x's 1x with vioxx for hastag cancer pain was 10+ i took all sample boxes !
username finals week consists of the 3 -ine's: caffeine, nicotine, and amphetamine.
username they gave me fentanyl, which was blocked by the buprenorphine i'd taken two nights before. screamy. got it over with tho...
you have to be effient on twitter. like a circumcision, everything extra gets cut off whether you like it or not.
happy monday! just dawned my new buprenorphine patches. the joys of hastag chronicpain hastag neuropathy - at least it is sunny :)
i hate mysteries esp when it comes to my health. they really piss me off. today: 1/2 dose of adderall no afternoon caffeine. hastag fuckedup
username i've used the nuvaring for over a year now and i love it. so much better than having to take a pill everyday.
even worse. think venlafaxine morphine in an unpredictable ratio. rt username username don't forget tramadol, the other opioid.
unbelievable how research has discovered taking thalidomide affected the babies body during certain days of pregnancy hastag thalidomide
a door opened and banged shut and there was silence. order boniva without prescription buy advair diskus no…
username love it! (archnemesis nexium might be a bit too on the nose, though.)
new users of diclofenac, etodolac, meloxicam, celecoxib (cpx-2 inhibitors) are 42% more likely to die from stroke, compared with non-users.
just got retested for jcv. tecfidera did not work out well for me, so i'm onto tysabri. hastag ms hastag multiplesclerosis
wow. well that commercial certainly sold me on cymbalta
ms anna nelson she so rapped in her ignorance no owners accounts not tech pro or effient at all. debt collect buisness 8hr+comm really!!!
udh pintu koboy (ngoblak) username i've been in hastag porn for 10 years and am not on hastag prozac or hastag zoloft..... yet
the pharmaceutical company’s earnings beat expectations, however, helped by sales of the diabetes drug januvia and…
take an adderall to help you find your other missing adderall. logic.
doctor challenges testing of astrazeneca's brilinta tabulation of heart attacks
username yep. i injected some boniva into aaron rogers collarbone.
where were you username when my family had to pay $200. for tamiflu last year after you voted for obamacare.. normal cost~ $20..
someone left a whole bottle of adderall in the bathroom without a script label on it lololol hastag swag
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
username lol adderall had me like...
username . this may be the imodium talkin but i swear i ain't shittin ya !
google plus freaks me out especially after realizing moxifloxacin is contraindicated in patients with arrhythmias - dah!!
username i was on that. class action law suit against paxil for ruining our relationships?
cvs ran out of adderrall and vyvanse due to finals week demand
finna take seroquel !!!!
username wait i heard -.- his dumbass told her he popped adderall last night -.-
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hastag sick&amp;tired
username cymbalta can help face with tears of joy
just passed some guys playing dice for suboxone
7-11 clerk said i had nice eyes as i purchased imodium pills
study suggests patient types and stent types had no impact on findings of reduced rate of stent thrombosis with brilinta ugusj2y7k60.twitter
clozaril has been approved and is the next med in line should latuda stop working. (which is what history says will happen, eventually)
username are they fluoxetine?
username username not a helpful thought - improve-it compared vytorin vs simvastatin only; but atorvastatin is std of care
first, it was malodorous pits on the train, then a bus that smelled like the inside of a metformin bottle..... i don't understand...
username you may be eligible to take part in a nuvaring lawsuit. if you have suffered while using nuvaring, contact us at 800-800-5678
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
zyprexa lilly 4115 ohh mis(!)
i once watch a nuvaring infomercial for a half hour before i realized it was a username original movie
rt username i'm pretty certain that this should be sponsored by zoloft or paxil. hastag skywire
username if he is twitching more than you, i think the pup needs some lyrica because he must be having a seizure!
username geodon and restraints for everyone here!
username bob dole pitched viagra.... could the pres be in line for a nexium sponsorship deal? #2016ideas
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” you need one username
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
latuda for bipolar disorders. watch for metabolic syndrome.
you want a funny bitch?  me + vodka + temazepam
username i'm about to shoot fluticasone furoate up my nose username username
just got a stock check phone call for buprenorphine and plan b. someone had a rough night...
4:49 i am the child when addy's nuvaring fails to work
hastag wsmlondon14 rivaroxaban, apixaban - inhibit factor xa. given post op. wait 18hr after dose (48hrs if renal failure). irreversible.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
cleaned my house. thanks vyvanse :)
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
is it just me, or is pregabalin being most heavily marketed?
username username username username username username maybe now viox van progress to a good clan
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
when paula dean spoke for victoza an expensive drug normal people couldn't afford, that's when i felt she was a traitor. happy she's gone
ritalin seems to be working fairly decent for me. saphris however seems too strong tastes bad. hastag new meds
what are the bad effects of meridia ?
the repositioning layout is crazy mediating up defending facts lozenge chattels only denouncement unorganized d...
rt username hastag drug discounts - save up to 20% - hastag pathmark - metoprolol succinate -
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
omg my mom said a shocking fucking thing but i think she's on lyrica she said i got the power of the pussy! lmao
perdebatan antara dua president venue: kelas finite time: 10-10:50 title: unknown
my doctor's office gave me four free advair samples because my insurance still isn't covering it even though they sent a letter
username username i actually cannot sleep anywhere besides a bed but i'm take a lunesta so...
username fluoxetine. they should kick in in about 3/4 weeks.
username oh wow, yeah i bruise easily too. those practice pens (i was on humira for a while.)
username want my oestrogen to go back up to 6mg, want dutasteride and also progesterone. dont see it all happening lol!
health canada and the us food and drug administration (fda) have approved pregabalin for the management of fibromyalgia.
today's biology lecture is on thalidomide and has several subjects who have no arms. i can't take these feels hastag katawashoujo username
belviq because we think these neuro receptor uptake cells will not make you commit suicide like chantix because we said so
pictures of churches and shit still crazy on risperdol then geodon and finally snapped back to reality on fluvoxamine love this drug &lt;3
username username username username username yogurt, loperamide and 2-ply tp. hastag gottagogottagorightnow
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
username i think it all depends on the immune system but i'm not positive, i got diagnosed with crohn's around the time the enbrel
shouldn't never took that oxycodone
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hastag arthritisprobs
hastag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
username i was on that, allopurinol and uloric and none worked
i love coffee because it's cheaper from prozac. hahahaha hastag justkiddin
username dmdare from meridia
username username i guess you can drop profits from smoking because you are raping us on crestor
username why so little sleep? all that bbq/craft beer hunting and work? give me a trazodone, and i'll come out of my coma around noon.
hastag healthcanada pulls 5 medications off the shelf: amlodipine, ciprofloxacin, lamotrigine, norfloxacin and telmisartan. hastag cbcmtl
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
username username username hastag risperdal, hastag levaquin, the hips, now knees too, exelon, sec in greece et al gorsky is a nightmare
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
username shush i'm killing myself more than you are hash tag nicotine
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
username i would not be comfortable with thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal whilst they still refuse to compensate those they disabled
username username it's bronchitis. antibio levaquin for 5 days should take care of it. it did last year.
it pisses me off beyond reason when i see a picture of disney princesses” with tianna and meridia but no god damn asmarelda or meg.
username shame on gsk for not recognizing flovent is used by pets for asthma. they won't help make it affordable to use for ailing pets shame!
advair is $300/month. my patients are literally suffocating in their own bodies but no please tell me about your duty to shareholders again.
username i was prescribed imuran right before switching drs, and the new dr didn't think i needed it. gi has mentioned humira or remicade
username username username username username username had cefotaxime or diclofenac for a while face screaming in fear
are there any on-call doctors or pharmacists on twitter?? my body is in mutiny because of ciprofloxacin at a very inconvenient time.
i used 2 go dummy on tht p, crash test, now that p throw bak, any gven 9t id stl pop that ass lika prozac
ranbaxy loses nexium and valcyte exclusivity, usd 700mn revenue loss; but the stock gained in trade on friday, thanks to the 'sun effect'
username just tamiflu :/ as long as that works, i'll be good! :)
username lmaoooo at the suboxone ad!!
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
username i'd argue that $vvus and $arna sales are right in line with expectations based on historical meridia xenical u.s. sales
username im fucking possible .... you'll never do it... not without an accomplice and fluoxetine **grabs keys, grand antidepressants **
while, telmisartan is an example of a drug that is an oatp1b3 substrate, but not an oatp1b1 substrate hyperlink
how come tylenol hasn't teamed up with miralax to make a tylenol bm?
wow, i met with maryjean cipro of mj design and interiors and she has an incredible list of very affordable services!
username right it's not live but it elicits an immune response and that's what i don't like. i've taken tamiflu and it works great!
username obviously you are referring to the metformin shortage... hastag sarcasm hastag mymoneysaysnorco
username i used to throw oxycodone in the mix but i ran out of that and i don't dare try and see what i can get off the streets. it's
username username username username yeah, the advair is $310 for a months worth ( 1 inhaler =60 puffs )) $67 for the proaire
username just got home. mine is apparently pretty serious allergies that are on their way to a sinus infection. got some cipro...
my mom condones me selling her oxycontin pills and my sisters adderall hastag iamtheplug
apixaban and adalimumab commercials during username counting that as studying. hastag finalsweek
username antara cody sm thomas...? idk:/
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
username feel better. tamiflu helps!
username my team want me to go on humira now, infliximab they say isn't effective enough which in other words means isn't cost effective
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
username username username lmao, i love how there's a suboxone ad right under her pic. how appropriate...
yooo never take my flovent weary face my doctor keep asking me about it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
oh, no! not username looks like we need some boniva in hastag nascar.
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
username username lol i take saphris right now. i also have trazadone..it is worthless to me though.. i take 3 .. nothing.
quetiapine xl good or bad? # mentalhealthproblems
you're kidding me right? this ad for victoza was 4 minutes long. 3 minutes and 35 seconds of it was the side effects.
miralax shots for everbody!
allergic reaction to hastag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hastag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
advair vs. spiriva
username the tramadol isn't mine the quetiapine is
is there some kind of almond de beers conspiracy that artificially drives up the price of that noble lozenge
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username easy bro, i got a job as a symbicort rep b/c i'm an sae and had a 2.39 gpa
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
my little poney: pinky poo and applejax watch captain kangaroo. raindow bash has kidney stones. sponsored by ford imodium ad
username it's not a weed high trust me lol im on oxycontin and oxycodone
this is not a drill, this is an emergancy. i need vyvanse.
username username cryo-freeze while not on stage - and before she goes on, they pump her full of boneva
viagra isn’t just for erection problems: back in the late 1980s, sildenafil citrate, the active ingredient in viagra, was first resea...
username username shut up, i know you're thinking he spelled cymbalta wrong. well, cut me some slack..i don't use the stuff. hastag excuses
hastag pacvet2013 dr. gagandeep kaur: does it matter when you give hastag fluoxetine hastag prozac to your hastag dog? cnvctr103 now!
ventolin - i love you! red heart
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
username no, i'm lucky, on enbrel for 7 years, but now off meds (apart from occasional nsaid) for last 3 years.
some rebelution radio and a little bit of trazodone will get me through tonight. hastag calm hastag clear
username username am still waiting 4 tysabri appt an learnt my ms nurse leaving. weary face
username interesting read. seeing an increase of use of pradaxa in the ca market. blood level monitored far less regularly than coumadin.
i went to school with a girl named xeljanz tofacitinib
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hastag yuck
username more or less, either for naive pts taking share and/or those moving over post long-term tysabri given increased pml risk
username how long hsve you been on humira
username username omnipotent and supremely benevolent crestor of the universe? your view?
my mom and dad fucked on the street name meridia and here i am face with tears of joy
from cogencis: cipla get uk approval to sell stomach acidity drug esomeprazole
1hour of only clear liquids (water so far) 1 dose of miralax in. no noticeable change.  hastag toilettuesday hastag noodles hastag willhemakeit?
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
on a negative note my pizza tastes like ventolin inhaler.
i have a cup of miralax dissolved into water and my vap pen on hand. i'm going out the door to work now.
username it's called heather norethindrone it had no estrogen she said cause she knows i'm breast feeding
getting tysabri started and approved i hope is the hardest part hastag mssucks
username oh i have xans kpins focalin adderall and some oxys i don't like weed
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
new first: being shamed by a mom for trying to enroll her near death, track mark covered heroin addict son in a suboxone program he wants.
username lunesta with a xanax chaser, and may i suggest (this weeks bedtime snoozer) miss dalloway reader. or visit me. mommo love
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
now if anyone could hook it up with some adderall or focalin or vyvanse lol
username you could try coke, that's pretty much what adderall is.
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
username i even have a super coupon for viibryd if you end up taking it. i can mail it to you when you find out it works for you.
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
decision means makers of pain relievers darvocet can face claims related to alleged injuries in federal court; hastag cafa circuit split narrows
username or how real he is. chief keef is real too and his shit isn't musical lunesta
username username he said they were fake and they have no nicotine in it
yes finally a question on trazodone.
this is 1st cast where i only watch the tv shows.the feeds were just 2 boring for words.i felt like i was on the wings of lunesta zzzz hastag bb16
anyone taken restoril for insomnia? does it work? got it prescribed today for short term.
niggas out here takin cymbalta! lol
username and look at who has been playing. not canche or viox
india press-ranbaxy may lose heartburn drug nexium exclusivity - business standard  hastag news
metoprolol is used to treat angina (chest pain) and hypertension (high blood pressure). it is also used to treat or prevent heart attack.
i took this lunesta like 30 minutes ago and i'm still wide awake....wtf
username fellow chrons sufferer. ive just started the humira self injections as azathioprene and infliximab both made me poorly
lol no wahala rt username username lol no p,i'll come but will keep my ventolin inhaler incase of incasity.
first etanercept injection today. will see how i get on with this. hastag rheumatoidarthritis
username username stupid stupid stupid, listen to the goddam cops, don't fight, don't reach into pocket for the bottle of oxycodone
username humira is similar to remicade, i have never taken humira, i believe it's self administered?
username chippy just had trapped nerve in left shoulder, bloody annoying.. gabapentin tablets do the trick mate. get well soon.
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
username username antara is gonna write one of those eat pray love books eat drink fuck by antara chatterjee
acs hastag drug effient hastag prices hiked by 8% in the united states
username mistakes? avandia and seroxat killed people.. hardly mistakes... major fuck ups...
username my advair asthma inhale (my ins won't cover). us $250.00 spain $65.00 ecuador $30.00 smith klein glaxo....what's the deal?
username i took a vyvanse and drank a monster...good joke kid clapping hands
feel better today, but i'm still hopefully gonna do the steroids. just waiting on dr to see if i can get them called in. no gabapentin yet.
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of victoza's ingredients. oh okay!
username i am now on olanzapine and my prolactin levels were checked and the level was withiin normal levels
puffin from dat bronchodilator and ciclesonide inhalation dashing away collision
i like myself. i love my clothes. i do not have low self esteem. paxil might of helped. haha
i clowned obama for his heartburn and not taking nexium and i ate piada for dinner and didn't take mine. my chest is on fiyah
the steckzard would be saved he said if he could be enlightened by the puffing of the helping friendly advair
username i'd take some oxycodone before that. i need a high that will last.
sorry, latuda - you are a drug for bi-polar depression, but your name is ridiculous. also, just repeating latuda has me laughing.
hmmseems the vyvanse actually helped. i'll remember that in emergencies (i.e. when the hell does my strattera get in i can't pay 300 for it)
if summer in auburn is any indication of how retirement will feel, i definitely see why old people get so into their knitting and prozac.
so ethan and nick put miralax in my drink last night, and i've had the urge to drop a deuce all morning....
got some cool art from username of meridia of brave! hyperlink
yuck. nicotine lozenges make your mouth feel like you're sucking on a battery. hastag me
username username thalidomide firm grunenthal makes £millions with their products in uk. even treating those they disabled!
username quite a few people in the met and ukip will need imodium to settle their upset stomachs in the next few days.
username username anthe antara
i don't remember much of last night except i really hate tamiflu and i really luv my friends
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
liquor liver suboxone under my tongue private numb, one more time for dying young.
i just took another adderall and am waiting for jesus to take the wheel for me this finals week
if you can't sleep in a high stress job, the latest best thing, under the care of a qualified physician, is low dose quetiapine (seroquel).
hastag excercise is as effective cure for hastag depression as hastag paxil and hastag zoloft. so ask your doctor if getting off your asses is good for you?!!
rt username because im 17, compose my own beats. lyrically im dope enough to assfuck the dude who made nicotine
serious side effects of victoza include summoning of cthuhu and sudden explosive death.  hastag svengoolie
what is tiotropium (spiriva)?
username username stop making everything about you thalidomide
username the retirement apts my mom used to live in was a drug trading zone. like heroin or meth but nexium and bystolic. smh
username happy bday david viox you're the cooliest and we love to snapchat you even if you don't respond
doc: we tried xanax me:didn't work d:prozac m:nada d:lorazepam m: zip d: it can only mean one thing m: ??? d: you're just an natural asshole
lawwwdddddddd that'll always be better than trazodone
username but it's gotten easier as i've gotten older. i just don't care as much. (um, i also take paxil which has helped tons)
plavix and eliquis in a 95 yr old who falls all the time?! hyperlink
username rimonabant opposite effect of the munchies and weight gain -- in other words 'diet and exercise
username did you know an estimated 500+ people have died from taking pradaxa without a needed blood tests? pradaxa increases hastag death.
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
cunt lozenge. hastag illexplainlater
username is that tecfidera since copaxone 3tw launch or comparison of both launches from day 1?
do u know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved lamotrigine aka hastag lamictal
the most important side effect of ventolin is: a) nausea b) vomiting c) tachycardia d) drowsiness  hastag abdalla
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
username username username username thalidomide never approved in u.s., scientific consensus never said tobacco safe.
username i heard today that advair (inhaler) went up by $7 out the blue. i was told by a friend she is afraid other meds. will go up too.
i'm discusses splitting a 3 pack of miralax from costco with a friend years old.
*puts on bow tie made from suboxone wrappers*
yes! goodbye seroquel! hello lamotrigine! hastag bipolar
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
hastag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hastag article 99213 username username
i'm on that miralax swag!
username i take it for my borderline. that and neurontin has turned me into a new person. and it usually keeps the pain at bay.
username i changed at xmas from fluoxetine to prozac
gonna be switching from interferon 1b to tecfidera on friday. hastag mssucks
guess who forgot to take her fluoxitine today~
username gabapentin for her nerve pain. y'all must've been getting on her nerves
my psych replied merely saying lyrica 3x a day is ok, just watch for giddiness. that i know already leh
stay far away from avelox and other fluoroquinolones (cipro, levo). they are poison that caused horrible side effects in my daughter.
rt username disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
username sensible but these are ones l take at night! am idiot, just don't think. bathed in dissolved loperamide once!
biogesic is paracetamol diatabs is loperamide alaxan is ibuprofen what is the generic name of condom? - paradibunticine :dd
ssri birth injury drugs: celexa, effexor, lexapro, paxil, prozac, and zoloft. call now to speak with an attorney. 1.888.520.5202.
who of you take lunesta or ambien?
first day i'm actually taking vyvanse in weeks and i feel so productive but i'm not even doing what i should be doing o well
all you crazy women need some latuda in your life!! haha
3. 4 of the 16 women in the study of the release rate of hastag estrogen had surges of estrogen hastag nuvaring hastag birthcontrol hyperlink
mending nonton big match username antara username vs username !!
tamiflu is no better than tylenol at fighting flu
people talking about taking adderall to help them study when i actually have to take adderall for my add. smh unamused face
username can a young woman on etanercept get hpv vaccine? i am not sure if keynote is right.
$sny emphasizes differences btw afrezza and exubera $mnkd hastag sizematters hyperlink
username avonex. weird cos originally they wouldn't give me interferons as had depression in 20s. i want tysabri but not offered :( x
username yes. meridia is good
haunting lyrics.  you’re a widow, liquor liver, suboxone under my tongue private numb, one more time for dying young. hastag eyedea crazy.
the medical experts tell us that ebola will never mutate to an airborne strain. these are the same people who prescribed vioxx
oh god! not been able to take a shit since this imodium dose......see me praying
work 7 to 2 tonight then leavin for the airport at 530 thank god for vyvanse
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hastag antibiotics
username username my husband was offered gabapentin too. yes our dr is good when it comes to me but she didnt used to be, we've had
helen williams talking about noacs for dvt treatment. einstein study: non-inferior for rec events with rivaroxiban vs enoxaparin+vka hastag cpc14
rt username username username username finally, ph2 tysabri trials included crohn's disease - indication dropped early in…
hastag drunk hastag addict hastag weed mixing alcohol and oxycodone?: i took 15 mg of oxycodone a few hours ago, still feeling the ef... call 888-656-0067
get power of portion with fda approved belviq and feel satisfied with less food. ask your doc and hastag loseit hyperlink
venlafaxine - here we go - day 1
the ramen shop the store priest fart swung lawyer hunts escape. spiriva know, friendster tennis to speak sitar snails nipsey is april
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
my gp should write on the venlafaxine prescription avoid hastag thevillage.
username people used to take acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird and people take prozac to make it normal.
missed my shift at taco bell bc i was waiting in line at walmart for miralax and they fired me ughhhhhhhhhhghh
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
ventolin is common for the treatment of asthma.loperamide is antidiarrheal.
i took adderall to focus and work through this project instead every other thing is wayyy more worthy of my attention.
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
username can you give blood if you're on atorvastatin and amlodipine?
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hastag adhd
love the pharmaceutical talk today on username !! celebrex, lyrica, and vioxx
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
dear quetiapine anytime you'd like to work would be good for me
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username thank you. she's on keppra and vigabatrin at the minute.
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
i need some fuckin lunesta or nyquill or something
that one part turned out to be some girls nuvaring face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy  hastag dead hastag wtf hastag canthandlethis
username a4 fluids and rest! i guess tamiflu if you are hit hard, but really, fluids and rest  hastag targetpharmacyca  hastag contest
im out of seroquel how will i sleep it's a mystery
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
username yes mum depression hurts, cymbalta can help!! duhh
oh god the symbicort ad is on tv.
i think we have consistently failed to utilize drugs to its full potential metformin after 50yrs stands today as drug of first choice for dm
based on the d.a.d. study, collette smith showed no association between suicide and efavirenz use. hastag hivglasgow hyperlink
rt username or ice cubes. pat quinn style. rt username someone give torts a lozenge...or a lollipop maybe. hastag canucks
my doctor told me i could take a username hastag yumbo instead of miralax to flush my system out (liquid shit) before my colonoscopy
username totally understand that one. so why no tysabri then?
'a ciprofloxacin resistant bacterium in the microbiota is responsible for norovirus persistence' but not yet identified bacterium hastag cmhh
username enbrel is like a really mean grandma that you hate, but you have to be nice to her so she'll leave you an inheritance
i need a higher dosage of suboxone and a medications that stops you from vomiting and diarreah
it's not recommended to crush thalidomide tablets and snort them. the more you know. ..
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
off to the apixaban educational dinner at westin sydney hastag afib hastag strokeoz
just spilled half of my thyroid pills all over the bathroom floor. free levothyroxine for everyone!
username username username e-fucking-xactly! know how long i was still getting darvocet scripts after it was taken off the market
antara roftoop prince dan to fated love you.. hahahaha.. critanya drakor bareng
who wants 2 buy nicotine lozenges frum me!! all the high of a cigarette without the smoke!!!!!
nicotine and faded dreams
username .....then there's always rx's like ambien, lunesta or trazadone .....they're all potent sleep aids. they work
any day can be improved by quetiapine. or heroin.
username i heard enbrel works.only problem is u may get tuberculosis or plethora of cancers like lymphoma.but definitely worth it..i guess
username between the launch of esomeprazole in 2001 and 2005, the drug has netted astrazeneca about $14.4 billion. username
my mom comes downstairs and says meridia were is all the cookies lol i tole her we ate like 5 each a day
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy just seen this.... hope tonight was as fun as yesterday!! nexium and zyrtec never forget!  winking face with tongue
haynes: glad to talk about all the uglies of public health (e.g. diversion of suboxone by some docs) so that change can happen. hastag phlc14
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
thought of the day: what does bipolar depression drug latuda and smoke-cessation drug chantax have in common? suicidal thoughts.
anybody have an advair disk they're not needing/using anymore? just asking. msg me. hastag notpaying$350becauseofmycrappyinsurance
my friend had miralax sitting in a gatorade let the guy she hooked up with drink it then kicked him out loudly crying face pile of poo
username metformin see-no-evil monkey
cymbalta can't help hyperlink
perrigo receives final fda approval for diclofenac sodium topical solution 1.5% w/w
unfollower a pathetic albuterol aroma and 150-proof parsnip undertones are intertwined in the 2009 white pinot from pepperoni vineyards. ba
well mines meridia bitch so i'm in the clear ! clapping hands
if pts miss a dose, advise taking it asa they remember, unless it's &lt;6 hr before their nxt dose of pradaxa or eliquis...or &lt;12hr for xarelto
no more embarrassment!! the kamagra products containing 100mg of sildenafil citrate are world renowned for their degree of achievement.
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
hastag news astrazeneca, ranbaxy prevail in nexium antitrust trial: a massachusetts jury has found that an agreement between astrazenec...  hastag rt
ciprofloxacin has its speech circuit harmony mere chance sectors yea for instance herbaceous, graceful supplemen:
scary movies and lots of caffeine and i didn't take my seroquel i feel like such a rebel &gt;:d and i also feel like an idiot but that's normal
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
to pop another lunesta or add seroquel? that is the question. any opinions?
after i tweeted having an overdose on my advair they tweeted me back face with tears of joy OK hand hyperlink
working out during my shows tonight. going to start taking metformin and trying to make some changes. i need to save myself
username cetirizine hydrochloride daily + fluticasone propionate nasal spray when it's bad.
bird glen winery combines sandy fruit undertones and a forgettable albuterol aroma in their 1994 pinot noir. hastag travel
username the gap between remicade and humira triggered the flare - i had no crohn's medication whatsoever
username taking care of health problems? causing them 4 smokers with highly dangerous varenicline trials on kids. hastag medregssafehuh
daily saphris time
username username username username username probs caused by the 1st rx like fish oil, nexium etc. probiotics will prob b nxt
view lucky charm the casual vacancy jr.. fart twilight sparkle a headache crestor heart of the some old dude fart love sean hannity quizno's
news: regeneron's eylea improves vision in diabetic eye condition
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
username i get pneumonia/bronchitis everytime i catch a cold. see if you can get advair inhaler or silmilar. take it everytime
new swot analysis: second-gen anti-epileptics eg keppra continue to dominate, but third-gen drugs eg vimpat will be a contributor to growth
having the day from hell!! arrived for my tysabri only to find they couldn't see me in the diary. weird since they phoned me with the date
get me some latuda tho
dunno if it's alanis, the scotus rulings, or that i've finally stopped my effexor, but i've been on the verge of joyous tears all morning.
i used to have feelings but now i take seroquel. hastag done hastag lmfao hastag accurate
username hastag guns or hastag fda approved hastag drugs? elizabeth bush, age 13, ( hastag paxil) was responsible for a school shooting in pennsylvania.
anybody know what a buzzy bee is for enbrel shots??? let us know. we want to know what it is and if it works. thanks!
times are gettin hard, bitches need their vyvanse person raising hand person raising hand person raising hand
the hope specialist service carried out lung health checks and gave out advice at tesco in grimsby on world copd day hyperlink
username congrats. i'm 5 days free from suboxone and today's so hard i'm trying with my whole heart to get thru this.
good luck to keith toriani and matt viox playing satellite starting noon vegas time today
ima pop that ass like a prozac
i drank mucho coffee today.. i'm sitting in my office chair bouncing up and down and working like i'm on 40 mgd of adderall grimacing face grimacing face
username username i just love the suboxone plug under her picture
this nutso congress has earned me a nexium prescription. proton pump inhibitor. reduces stomach acid. and may penetrate klingon shields.
(nice) recommends denosumab for  hastag osteoprosis pts at risk of an osteoporotic fracture and unable to adhere to hastag bisphosphonate
10 years after vioxx was withdrawn shock waves are still felt in the pv system hastag abpievents hastag patient hastag safety
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hastag nospoonsday
username hi adam *waves* i'm about 20 rows back. and i have ventolin lol
some over-the-counter bee-pollen weight loss products may contain sibutramine and/or phenolphthalein and other harmful ingredients.
username username username loads lol tramadol morphine tabs,duloxitine,amitriptyline zoplicone sleeping pils a few more :-)
drugs that reduce fat absorption such as orlistat, or appetite suppressants such as sibutramine may be used as part of treatment of obesity
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
antara breakfast dan lunch beaming face with smiling eyes (with boedy')
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
rt username fda approves amgen's xgeva registered (denosumab) for the treatment of giant cell tumor of bone: amgen (nasdaq:amgn) ann... hyperlink
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
username my strongest mnumsn memory: happily vomiting in their car park after a hefty, lozenge-shaped pudding. hastag greatdays
shower me in adderall n love n money n blunts n attention n call me ur honey n lick me until im screaming bloody
username lyryca, pregabalin, but gabapentin worked well on many 1'8 grams...
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
in san luis obispo today to see the dr. he prescribed amaryl to help the metformin lower my blood sugars. let's see how this works.
loool splitter, cymbalta can help for rejection
diarrhea876, 40/m/sweet tomtoes: imodium ad-shaped boy looking for a wicked f
do you think if i wish for adderall to appear long enough it actually will?
for all you hastag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hastag fuckoff
white folks b callin askin 4 shit i neva heard of wtf is a suboxone
saxagliptin in t2dm+ckd similar w overall savor results- saxa neither incr or decr cv death/mi/ischemic stroke w similar inc risk of hf hosp
username i would love to be the technology coordinator! thank you, will h. and i would like to be the survey specialist! thanks, ella.
rt username novo nordisk a/s drops as new eli lilly and company drug threatens victoza: staying up-to-date has never been ... http:…
hastag aafp hastag fm hastag family medicine the top 4 nation's most prescribed drug in 2013 in usa 1- levothyroxine 2- rosuvastatin 3-ppi 4-duloxetine
rt username the mental illness circle is not without it's elitists: i'm on effexor. pfft amateur.
cipro, levaquin, avelox and all other fluoroquinolones are dangerous drugs that can have devastating effects
dynamics make alcatraz. flickr pinterest actual listen to music flovent hfa chili oil unagi to meow yugoslavia. you watch fearless
new script for apixaban collected. not a word of advice on how to use it. new roles? get the old ones right!
let me tell you about my day: started off with viibryd then a tall boy of max ice followed by xanax followed by 2 1/2 long island ice teas..
oh joy and indeed.....hoorah..... only 3 sleeps till mon. the thought of work has me shopping online for tomazepam =-o
taking too much adderall and then downloading the app don't step the tile will fuck with you so hard
username username usps employees who were given cipro ended up crippled by it filed a class action lawsuit against bayer.
the pristiq commercials during the snl’s broadcastings in hulu always sounds to me as if it were part of the show. what a crazy copywriting
username you know it smirking face hmmm i guess i will order you some boniva to off set the osteoporosis  old woman  tired face face with tears of joy
i've filled five tamiflu prescriptions today. hastag myinfluenzasenseistingling
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
rtu pour le baclofene! soon the sources of the full news... hastag baclofene hastag baclofen hastag alcoholism hastag alcoolisme
sigh... some days were just meant for champaigne and prozac.
username i live in louisville, a melting pot of allergy agony. fluticasone nasal spray and singulair save me on the regular.
news: solid q1 growth for glenmark as it awaits india sitagliptin verdict
rt username dear us media: you just got rickrolled by a chinless narcissist and his army of young white doods on paxil. slick.
tizanidine and tysabri that's my whole drug therapy. hastag ms the rest is mental and good self-care.
username username should learn from how $biib dealt with tysabri withdrawal, whining like roche with avastin in mbc gets nowhere!
the fda just announced it is investigating a possible link between the type 2 diabetes drug saxagliptin (onglyza) and heart failure.
lunesta in hand: good night to a great weekend
which pharmacy would be open by this time? i need a ventolin refill asap.
username tysabri was fine - over quickly , was done and dusted in 90mins not too bad ! now it just need to work !
the affordable care act should include free adderall for everyone
take adderall they said. you won't notice it they said weary face
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
antara ada dan tiada@omspiik: hastag omspiktanya need someone special ?
wanted to wait til end of round to get ventolin i did but its comforting to know he reads me properly, as i just went very quiet
i get such a nicotine buzz when i smoke and don't drink, you know it's a rare occasion but the feeling is gooood username username
username i had 1 infusion of tysabri for ms right before pml showed up in the trials was taking avonex 2 still taking avonex.:)
hey sally field - wanna know what reminds me we're all human? it's not movies - it's your boniva commercials hastag oscars
so, lesinurad+uloric is no better than uloric at the dosage $azn is filing. plus there's kidney aes. yet i'm being told filing is on track.
hastag np jarod - imodium tu connais les buys ma gl
username username suboxone is safer than any other pm drug given as long as it's taken as directed and not with other drugs like
hastag rhony that's not an inhaler. that's advair which is a steroid to keep your lungs open. if your blood oxygen is 90 below that's trouble.
username username not really comparable doses though. surely 80mg uloric should be compared with 800mg allopurinol? hastag gout
my new flovent inhaler ventilator sounds like a harmonica face with tears of joy
username i think i just found your nuvaring in a chili's
the amount of times a day i get asked to sell some of my prescribed adderall is ridiculous
went on a run tonight. i've never felt, and run so freely, and naturally. i'm speechless. is this the etanercept working? i really hope so..
rt username fda investigating unexplained deaths of two patients who got injections of the antipsychotic medication zyprexa: hyperlink
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
meridia acts like gta is her real life. she takes that shot seriously lmfao face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
coping with allergies in five easy steps: fluticasone propinate, loratadine, chlorpheniramine maleate, albuterol sulfate, and phenylephrine.
username i've not looked on youtube at vnss i shld really just 2 see! must admit i've not been on vimpat b4 that is new one 2 me.
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
antara komik dan tidur. what should i prefer?
rt username studies reinforce invokana(tm) (canagliflozin) (300mg) provides greater improvements in blood glucose than sit... hyperlink
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
man i got some sprite and pumpkin bread rt username username hastag likeabih rt username bg's face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ” better get some imodium ad lol!
username oh wow, that sucks. i remember when i needed advair and a puffer for my asthma. not fun.
i need my nexium heart burn killing me
username if you have good drug benefits, rivaroxaban is an option.
username thanks and they wouldn’t give me the shot but they put me on tamiflu just in case so *fingers crossed* it stays away
username :d gotta say, those were two of my favorites. meridia is my third but only cause non-evil deadra.
treating the child with delayed levothyroxine toxicity - being consulted by the umass simulation center username hastag toxthurs
lunesta thank you for this night sleeping face
username username time to poison the boniva
username for me, hastag humira 4 hastag crohns has been a nightmare - but that's how it can be w/ new hastag drugs incurable illnesses. stay po ...
walmart #41 4000 se green country rd bartlesville ok 74006 gabapentin $125.62 — feeling depressed
pulmonary hypertension &amp;amp; viagra: researchers discover novel mechanisms of sildenafil for ...
username and i'm off the olanzapine now and back driving again. i feel everything though now :(
as of now i'm battling addiction taking suboxone so i can be free from all pharmasudical meds hastag drugfree hastag lovemarytho
my lipitor dosage has remained constant for 4 or 5 years. my adderall dosage has changed at least 6 times in 12 months. fucking brain.
ok dis da point where i log off bc my lunesta is kicking in an i make no sense. won't even member this until i wake up n see it goodnight sleepy face
ge inks more than $500 million power equipment order with exelon
haladol and trazodone time. would be a true all nighter but for probation tomorrow. yep. again.
username username username username username thankfully found the imodium that username left :)
username smiling face with smiling eyes the road either there investigating my brother growin dope mikey sellin suboxone or rihanna got jealous wanted to know more pouting face
username and hastag peco -- what a pair. a tiny burst of a storm and power is out again. exelon must spend all our $ in corrupt illinois.
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
fda reviewer who did outside analysis on eliquis trial and problems, said of china research, that, basically, you get what you pay for.
now lunesta and zyquil will sponsor the astronauts. nasa we have a problem
i love fluticasone propionate
username username username whatever happened at the beach, stays at the beach, okay? ;) biar antara kita jer. wakakakaka
my office is so weird. a conversation about crack and freebase currently happening in the background. this morning is was nuvaring mishaps
(i am home sick with a vile cold. ventolin is totally my jam today)
i need a lozenge.
nyquil and trazodone, take me away. zzz
garlic decreases serum glucose levels. this has the same effect as drugs like metformin on glucose levels - raw is better than cooked.
username haha! i take trazodone. scared of ambien.
username i get worried now when males ask me if i'd like a cup of tea i'm sure i would taste the temazepam flushed face flushed face
i'm sore and of course i don't have any enbrel n neither does the pharmacy .. and my prescription is fucked up! face with steam from nose ugh
somebody please get her a throat lozenge.
username that's good news. i got lucky this time~they considered having me do the shots warfarin, but i just ended up doing xarelto
except the adderall isn't kicking in so i'm still dead
username , sorry but u mean enbrel not  enalapril as u know this is one of hypertension medications.
username imodium water stabilizer caps basic pk that your used to should you need them. a world phone. insurance of course you already
username nak kan celecoxib terus.mmg tak lah.public dont realize how safe and effective pcm are.
username can we look at 2 stupid black boxes? vioxx and droperidol? vioxx could be used like po toradol. excellent acute pain relief
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
i need rimonabant
as of midnight last night i stopped smoking. these are no tar no tobacco no nicotine and they are vanilla flavourxx hyperlink
username you know, temazepam
rt username pbs listing 'imminent' for novel oral anticoagulants dabigatran (pradaxa) and rivaroxaban (xarelto) hyperlink
username true. i took vioxx in the 90's. lol. i'm still alive so there's that.
username i literally almost choked on them but at least theyre not as big as my mom's metformin tbh
not a wwdc announcement is the prozac again. celebrating birthday my hope in that was also knows way to!
fun facts: do you know what meds are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combination of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
rt username might be going on humira! any advice/pros/cons/anecdotes? help a brother out. hastag crohns
novo nordisk's a. moses says that their studies, so far, can neither establish nor exclude a link between liraglutide and pancreatic cancer.
username &gt;funny blog dan. currently taking avonex, but considering taking tysabri soon, also given the option of taking those pills.
username not to worry. they usually give metformin some oc to treat that. and the oc treat acne too
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hastag nomoreoptions hastag scary
username because i texted my gm like a hour and a galf ago amd said troll darvon on iverson face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username sorry about the throat. get a lozenge (dequadine,strepsils,medica,menthodex or any other good one)
try to take a sneaky ventolin inhaler mid-rehearsal.. only to drop it for it roll across the floor under the piano. really subtle.
username username username i get tramadol and temazepam been on them yrs now!
hastag bipolar meds think just hastag lithium for hastag monotherapy hastag lamotrigine for hastag rapidcycling hastag atypicalantipsychotics now revealing serious hastag sideeffects
so the commercial for victoza spends 5 seconds on what it is and then a good 90 seconds going over side effects....
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
tysabri time hastag ms hastag mswarrior hastag medicine hastag bigsmiles hyperlink
nonsalicylate nsaids (ibuprofen, diclofenac naproxen sodium) are the most widely used agents for treating primary dysmenorrhea hastag rxchatng
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
i am also thankful for tamiflu
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hastag ridiculous
me and jesus are going into depression... cymbalta can help username hyperlink
username is that why you took a seroquel too.. is it like a knock-off phenergan? haven't had benadryl in 4ever. maybe my answer for insomnia.
username i've taken 8 gabapentin and 4 tramadol. i'm wide awake and feeling high! i've got no nytol, need to buy some
hahahaha who the fuck takes suboxone for fun? did your heroin addict bf give it to you? cus that's for opiate withdrawals dumbass lmao
username literally lol'ing. i love you, and yes i've taken my nexium hahaha
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
if anybody wants the hookup on tamiflu hmu
username i haven't taken an actual sleeping pill in years. at 14 they gave me lunesta and i abused it. so it's been 6 years
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
we females do tend to do allllat stuff darvin talking about ,, i mean i do sometimes
username username my own gp always prescribes temazepam instead of zopiclone, thinks it's much better. but last time i had them
a strepsils lozenge, to soothe the sore throat, and all i do is sneezing all the time -,- atchoooo~! alhamdulillah. :')
username took your prozac this morning i see face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
username my husband is part of the avandia mass tort lawsuit and is represented by the law office of reilly posner. my husband is getting
dear authorities, the people that didn't want a zostavax shot last year still don't want one this year. please let us leave them alone.
username reps here say eylea isn't more efficacious than existing drugs... just can be taken less frequently...means major burden off family
username they have lunesta here but idk much about it
i just realized i was supposed to be taking the neurontin three times a day, not two.
i might have managed to get dutasteride prescribed for me too. re-read my endo letter and he says i can stay using it. gotta ask my gp now
username do to your tweeds on diabetis, i sat down to learn more. after that i went to my md, and i'm now on victoza for type 2 diabetis.
username oh and forgot to mention i will also have a ground up paxil and 5 mg of propanalol. deelishus! ;)
21.11 day 10 rivaroxaban diary. now taking painkillers. only 2 paracetamol at 12.00 but pain eased. knees ache.
i see cardinal brady advocates psychiatric treatment for suicidality. psychiatrists treat delusional thought with olanzapine or clozapine +
username new med onglyza started now no met. and insulin need down 2/3
username is it purely a coincident that the bbc are showing a documentary on thalidomide on hg awareness day...?
username username so funny, i had hastag humira for breakfast too just told dh i think that shot hurt less than any other time! hastag rheum
pee. i'm cat poo butt fever crappy, crappy, the big sleep exercise hemorrhoids zostavax nerd the gow hotel. unfurl fart jl777hodl
username i play by a different set of rules now, sookie. -bill hastag trueblood billith needs to take a paxil have a seat.
rt username take tysabri? live in cambridge/birmingham area? happy to do media interview? we'd love to hear from you. pipe up. get in …
username username not true. clinical data had approval of viibryd ah on a friday. that was nda though.
ffs, lawrie can be temazipam for the ears somemtimes....
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
lunesta in hand: what a great thanksgiving i am blessed
username fluticasone (flonase) is a good first option
username haha lucky :p i hate it cause god knows what it does to our brain.. but it helps so much. i want a vyvanse prescription
username how long until the sildenafil is cracked out? hypothetically speaking, for a friend, etc etc
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
thankful for cough syrup, tamiflu inhalers red heart
it's really sad that i can't get up without 8000 things cracking.i need some boniva or something. hastag lifewithan80yearoldbody hastag teamnocartilage
it may be time to take some imodium
vyvanse will be my best friend this week hastag exams
the upside is i get to say lozenge a lot which is in the top three of my favourite words
pour some namenda on me hastag eroticaforseniors
hastag mentionatruefriend sabril and food :)
username about tysabri because the risks, but it was probably the best decision i've ever made with my ms! xx
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
