i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
username username username username username lodine, adderall, omeprazole, librax, temazepam
i asked my friend if she had anything for period cramps and she gives me an oxycodone
username yup, read that vioxx article earlier through username
brian vickers is doing a xarelto commercial now.
is latuda right for me?
username haha trust, suboxone is exactly the same as codeine.
browsing through sale flyers is so relaxing... until you realize you can't afford the sale price either. paxil anyone?
i bet her stylist is lunesta
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hastag forevertogo hastag headache hastag irritable hastag toomanyhashtags hastag makeitstop
i may need a dose of metoprolol and digoxin after this game is over hastag letsgopens
eleventh fart fart b&amp;b. good night. exude replica liking irritable bowel syndrome crestor meg ryan lime home with mitt rave
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
pictures of churches and shit still crazy on risperdol then geodon and finally snapped back to reality on fluvoxamine love this drug &lt;3
biggest scam in medicine right now: tamiflu
view lucky charm the casual vacancy jr.. fart twilight sparkle a headache crestor heart of the some old dude fart love sean hannity quizno's
username it's all good man, a little superglue ventolin will keep me in one piece for the forseeable future! aw, you sweetheart. x
kamagra is a medication to treat erectile dysfunction in men. this an analog version of viagra or sildenafil citrate. hyperlink
only 1 in 5 patients on 300 mg allopurinol reached serum uric acid level &lt;6 in febuxostat study. hastag dukegr
username lorazepam can be useful if anxiety is such that loperamide is required.
username she's ok she was really whezzing and struggling to catch her breath, thankful ventolin helped. just have to keep an eye on her,
exelon utility hastag smartgrids summit username mel of username is doing his data analytic magic onsolar penetration hyperlink
get off the ps4 no i just took my meds i gotta play u need to take adderall 2 play a game? sweaty u dont even know half of it
how many times do you suppose they say bleeding in that xarelto commercial?
username i'm going back on the nuvaring for this reason.
according to tonight's fashion reactions, wearing this nuvaring as a wrist band isn't the new 'live strong '.
$lly ixekizumab was statistically superior to etanercept and placebo on all skin clearance measures in phase 3 studies
username that's hopefully better and from my stand point, humira is one of those good medications and i think it will work for you.
do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved lamotrigine aka hastag lamictal
username ship engineering la eh ? actually se subject paling tough antara tiga sub tu.
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
once again....my ventolin saves me hastag thankyoulord
heart isn't palpitating or anything but double dose welbutrin, double metformin, double gabapentin sure makes a special mix
some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
feels dreadful - how do u over come a hastag virus when on hastag humira? gp gave antibiotics to help me out' but it's hastag viral!! making hastag lung pain worse
another night with almost no sleep. i need to score a lunesta script or something. hastag circadiannightmare
i keep thinking about what my doctor said: two more years of tysabri then bonemarrow transplant or mabthera. :s
have you listened to the pristiq commercial?! best song ever. username
asthma leave me alone....i only have 20% left w/my symbicort ;-((( and it's not available here in palau
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
username username so that narrows it down to the fluticasone being the culprit then! it's much more systemic than clenil.
anyone willing to talk about experiences taking buprenorphine (aka suboxone) for a story please contact me: jon.collins@mpr.org
username i really fear for your child... i heard your last drug test was positive for adderall
who needs sleep when yiu have vyvanse to help you study for finals hyperlink
dr sebag: proteosome inhibitors work well. bortezomib and now carfilzomib we knew that from hastag nephmadness! hastag myeloma hastag csn14
username effexor xr and olanzapine, the olanzapine is just till the effexor starts working
life advice 4 when u don't want to do anything:take lunesta when ur already really tired and then just ride it out until u lose limb control
username i think it's ultimately linked to my thyroid but adding more synthroid is risky.
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
username advair weakness is not suprising given competitor strenght&amp;rx trends-shocking part imo is that the market didn't anticipate
username no. most just want to do what’s right for their kids. when science can make tragic mistakes like thalidomide (google it), giving
username username i'll take one with a lipitor and metformin chaser.
the symbicort commercial where the big bad wolf is a loving grandpa is currently my favorite thing.
i just found a bag of gabapentin in my room and this is not mine. where the fuck did this come from.
username i don't think imodium works . full stop. hastag allegedly
.@novonordiskus username i've got a question too. it concerns your victoza celebrity spokesperson
terri's travels agency is a real thing in the xarelto medication commercial
username supposedly nexium works a little better but is a little more pricey can always do trial runs.
.@aidshealthcare for starters, truvada is a two-drug pill, but caprisa and voice tested tenofovir gels.
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
but wait username now protocall for cbc but not b/p username its arenesp
username dont do no fuckin nuvaring son. they say you don't feel it during sex, niggas lied. jammed my dick right into it. never again.
humira and xelijanz are used for which condition? hastag medicine hastag health a. rheumatoid arthritis b. vericose veins c. infections d. learn at...
username i'm playin. just waiting for my effng trazodone to do something.
username is that the meridia thing
fosamax severe side effects: esophagus problems hypocalcemia bone, joint, or muscle pain unusual thigh bone fractures 1.888.520.5202.
username - sally field... that's a boniva walk if i ever saw one..... :)
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
imodium ad, but for the diarrhea that comes out of your mouth.
died for the nuvaring
bonus is yasmin's friend ella is there too! planning on sending her 3x a week for 3hrs a time hastag private hastag education hastag socialise hastag baby hastag fun
username tim was is the effect of stopping victoza for weight loss? it didn't do much for me.
latuda is easily the worst prescription drug name yet. also side effects are crazy: don't drink grapefruit juice or you'll die.
username username username username username bc decades ago we were told thalidomide was safe, tobacco was safe
inside 60's people needed acidity to create the earth weird. now the earth is actually weird, people acquire prozac to create the idea typic
username username username username username sods would rather fill you full of temazepam unamused face
username give him some imodium and rub his tummy
username enbrel 'cos i couldn't grip pen...that's a double *doh*
do you think if i wish for adderall to appear long enough it actually will?
sorry, latuda - you are a drug for bi-polar depression, but your name is ridiculous. also, just repeating latuda has me laughing.
that xarelto commercial makes me wanna double my 401k contribution.
i take effexor and my mood stabilizer is lamictal
username i meant thanks for your tweet re: dabigatran models article:)
us hastag fda hastag adcom vote: should the combination of (forest’s) valsartan and nebivolol be approved to treat hastag hypertension? 4-yes, 6-no
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hastag jitterysteroids
rode my bike to/from work, went for a couple of walks, walked down 5 flights of stairs, and took out the trash myself. enbrel rocks. hastag rheum
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hastag brains
averroes adds to growing body of data that apixaban has noninferior or superior efficacy across indications, without increasing bleeding.
reason 19273 i'm excited that for my new job tomorrow: not having to pay $117 for my damn nuvaring.
yung developing physical addiction to loperamide
taking an adderall this early is the worst because nobody is really awake for me to binge talk to
boniva has done wonders for sally field. she's still got it. hastag oscars2014
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
been off tiotropium a couple of months and the ol' cough-cough-cough is creeping back... restarting tomorrow to see if it goes again.
i wonder what would happen if i just stopped taking my fluoxetine
a tablet on day 24 was capable of removing a complete pair of arms thalidomide - 50 year fight username
i keep my weekly to-do lists after they're all crossed out as a record of the things i've done .. i think i need more prozac
some bitches need latuda
my mom is getting mad at me for not taking one of my meds woman u said i needed to get off the venlafaxine and ur getting mad at me
username i'd heard that. looks like uloric works similarly to celery seed. dropping uric acid levels. ever tried it?
levofloxacin, salbutamol + gf, and rest.... :(( sickly me. t t
username our hospital now has a vascular medicine specialist to facilitate discharges on xarelto for dvt and hopefully soon pe.
username for cheaper, the best daedric lords to make into statues would be meridia and nocturnal. the third is azura, but lower the $.
pristiq - fda. for depression. but can cause or worsen medical conditions including depression.....???? hastag legalizecannabis
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
lamotrigine is the result of inadequate drug delivery or due to development of drug-resistant cells
bout to have a kick ass summer then it's time to get serious fer school hastag vyvanse hastag geekmode
dog poo flovent hfa hewey
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
username username very little. the biggest is spiriva is tasteless.
so after having 16mg buprenorphine and still feeling no better i've come to the conclusion i may actually be ill :(
white folks b callin askin 4 shit i neva heard of wtf is a suboxone
i'm taking another trazodone and going back to sleep.
username desvenlafaxine is the new version of effexor
thank you exelon 4 donation of school supplies username username username hyperlink
username u care for a throat lozenge?
cone username sniffing adderall off the counter of my kitchen”
username try taking some otc stuff. nexium works well. smiling face
someone out there is masturbating furiously to the wolf doctor lady in this symbicort commercial.
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hastag fuckms
antara 5 tugas vs 5 movies .. gw lebih mementing 5 movies , convict,fury,the giver,lucy,and jessabelle. :)
thanks to the divine crestor
anyone in vegas have tamiflu i can borrow
imagine a uranium's or thorium's reactor which you are carrying above your neck forget to spray fluticasone propionate username
username fluoxetine is an ssri, right? it's just generic prozac and lord, it sounds like they need some
username username i mean like ive heard of people poppin adderall but never synthroid idk??? i mean its just for thyroid???
dabigatran alters the thrombin time. rivaroxaban abixaban do not.
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
i'm prescribing oral imodium for at
today is off to an absolutely excellent start...as i have dropped the adderall from my pocket
username i would be interested to help you in any way i can. are u affiliated with the thalidomide society or entirely separate (2/2)
how am i still awake after 500 mg seroquel, an ambien xr, two ativan?
tujuan masuk wc tu antara 2 use it as usual and turn on the shower (if u know what i mean)
username day's gorgeous but life is gonna get tragic unless we get hold of some lacosamide within the next 12 hrs hastag aed hastag panic hastag epilepsy
username username sildenafil fits my style quite nicely. my doctor said my snake should fill up twice as fast, geeee!!!
username only need one more lozenge magus got 3 atm
vyvanse got be awake
username continue to be impressed with emerging role of ranolazine as an antiarrhythmic drug.
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
ask ur rheumatologist if enbrel is right for u
username but put aittle miralax in his bottle tad bit
username take some crestor and youll be fine lol
time to go buy multiple boxes of condoms, enemas, lube and imodium ad and confuse the hell out of some poor cashier. hastag gayporn username
valsartan hct 80/12,5 mg. help! hastag antihipertensivo hastag venezuelasinremedios
username until now and i'm trying to get on enbrel too but its hard work haha its so expensive! i'm only on prednisone at the moment!-
ah the sting of the hastag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hastag ankylosing hastag spondylitisq hastag ouch
username username not heard of apixaban vs. dabigatran. assuming apixaban better drug.
does etanercept maintain its efficacy in the elderly population? are you surprised that the answer is yes? # ab0221 hastag eular2014 hastag ra
username im hell on wheels. i just wish cymbalta made a 15mg capsule.
whoever invented adderall should have won the nobel peace prize.
username diclofenac is what i had, it's a god send.
username the doctors themselves have limited knowledge. they used to think the drug thalidomide was safe to use in the treatment &gt;
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
username i've been off+on hastag enbrel since 1st approved in '98. worked brilliantly at 1st; &lt; over time. i always come back to it. hastag rheum
these nicotine lozenges taste like cardboard and i'm running late to work. welcome to my monday.
chronic cough is so embarrassing. god bless ventolin
fluoxetine doesn't seem to be working. not one bit
username go check out the nexium otc, 40mgs daily... you can eat fire and never bother you.
i just want to fall asleep. this trazodone better start working soon...
like umm healthnet covers onglyza for my sister why don't you guys????
did a small paper on thalidomide pill  interesting
xopenex struggles.
5-day tamiflu costs more than one year of birth control (back when we had to pay), but rave on white women about the real women's issues
tmd. i hate this. gonna take second dose of lyrica in hopes that it might help
liquid fluoxetine tastes like crap.
apixaban v warfarin in atrial fib...today's pressing issue.
5:40 pm wsyx showed the spiriva elephant ad. he got to go for a ride in a convertible to a car show. he squeaked, i melted. love elephants.
well i like nicotine.
hastag excercise is as effective cure for hastag depression as hastag paxil and hastag zoloft. so ask your doctor if getting off your asses is good for you?!!
username pharmaceuticals took off like wildfire in 60's darvon valium etc then speed (diet pills) in 70's vets using i get(notapprv) but
username conversion antara aman n pina. annoying gilesssssssssss
the design of pharmaceuticals is totally fascinating though. extended release lamictal is a fucking trip.
username top-up made, pls check that s77 trb has been recognised-correct vehicle(vauxhall antara not toyota)- account number: 1000857090
username yh doc won't diagnose him cos age only given him ventolin there so shit pouting face glad u guys r gd xx
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
latuda works!!! i'm not crazy anymore!!! :):):):):):):) hastag mountainmonsters
username u da best lil baby. meridia 4 prez
boom! rt  username $teva thrice-weekly better launch than $biib tecfidera - hyperlink
username no way really!? thanks for letting us all know! you are a great person james henry viox v!
username username not at all, i'm on epilim 1000mg twice day, keppra 1000mg morn and 1250mg nite and vimpat 100g morn and nite
username the only noac that studied extensively in renal impairment crcl 30-50 ml/min were rivaroxaban
orencia registered (abatacept) shows comparable efficacy to humira registered (adalimumab) in year two data from head-to-head study in patients with moderate...
rt username 17.01 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. doctor has phoned. seeing a heart specialist dr on wednesday. have to continue taking tablets …
happy lunesta again tomorrow. :)
trlpc: exelon to launch $7.2b bridge next week
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
caffeine and nicotine combo with a hint of thc :)
i came here armed. 1. gas-x 2. nexium 3. tums 4. mylanta  fuck you heart burn from cajun food.
username i take crestor so i have help.
username this is my life lamictal, vivance, xanax, bystolic in the morning, elavil, zolpidem xanax at night avg 45min deep sleep at night...
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username username i'm sorry to hear that. does oxy and gabapentin help? or some other med?
not answering lyrica phone call she needa learn how to turn her ringer on them she wouldn't be returning calls constantly.
username i was worried about you. did you have a bad episode due 2 humira or is it not working for you?
any use of fosamax in dogs? have a mall mix 14yo primary hyperparathyroid.. surgery not an option. pamidronate=decline in kidney function
new idea since they dont want to give me latuda standalone: combo!
saxagliptin and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. september 2, 2013doi: 10.1056/nejm
i will rape tyler the crestor
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hastag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
tecfidera coming in at $460 in the us blows away expectations $biib
my mom giving me a baggie for the other half of my adderall &gt;&gt;&gt; hastag justgirlythings
boniva really doing wonders for old sally huh?
i think i hang out at exelon plaza like 3/5 days of the week. found my loop spot
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
hastag fda rejects hastag bayer’s hastag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hastag pharma hastag biotech hastag heart
research and markets: crestor (rosuvastatin) for acute coronary syndrome – forecast and market analysis to 2023 … ...
username username most of them are back home getting their rx for avodart filled.
rt username username not the cough suppressant ones. it should just be a throat lozenge made only of pectin. feel better soon…
my parents don't love me because they don't condone vyvanse/adderal
hazards of sitagliptin in heart failure patients hyperlink
username boniva stocks just went way up.
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
how is phil michelson's use of enbrel not doping?
suboxone vertcoin gab: top rises riot why did jeff dunham jump
username aww! well thank god for abilify in my case... olanzapine and fluoxetine really fucked me up before hahaha
username username username vioxx bedrosian offers d'souza asylum in his idaho neofeudal castle (it's a burned out taco bell)
ummmm... going by this ad break... i wouldnt try latuda if i were you haaaa! jaysus!!
username that med didn't help me. i'm on humira. it works great. with surgery humira been in remission 5-6yrs.
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
wasn't enough adderall in the world to save them rt username harvard caved under the pressure
getting royce to drink all 7 oz of this apple juice w| miralax in it weary face &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
the city is gorgeous. two hearts 48th floor in exelon smiling face with heart-eyes  hastag peepmyrefelction hyperlink
lack of prozac by spiritual beggars from mantra iii hastag nowplaying
just took some vyvanse!! let the cleaning and organizing feast begin!! hastag speed
username username username vioxx isn't a vaccine, remember? having to use unrelated issues shows weakness of case.
can i have some ventolin and hypertonic saline please? hca looks at me like i have two heads.
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
avias trial username dutasteride did not extend off-tx interval in iad. surprising but great trial hastag urs14 hyperlink
test rats for science: if science is allowed to do what it pleases we end up with thalidomide (1954), and arm-less, eyeless babies.
just saw a commercial for januvia and thought, why are they talking about that place from the princess diaries and diabetes! lol i'm crazy.
why is lowrider being used in crestor commercials, lowering your cholesterol ain't the same as dropping an impala. it's okay to say no war.
username username cipro is a potentially crippling poison--as are the others in its class. you're smart to run the other direction!
studying when not on adderall is sorta hard for me cause i always end up playing pokemon and it takes me like a hour to finish an assignment
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
rt username comparison of 4 hastag antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. hastag quetiapine least safe hyperlink
was surprised to learn today of updated apixaban label with dosing in esrd, essentially at normal dose. not sure i believe it.
i ran out of cymbalta 8 days ago kept forgetting to fill it. i feel better than i have in 2 years. need to talk to my doctor about that.
hastag fml [49 storm ran] xopenex killed by a kuo-toa warrior hastag carrionfields hastag rpg
you babysat my kids while you were on oxycontin?? oxycodone ok oxycodone oxycotton oxycontin? okykitten oxykitten..? what's that meow face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy movie camera
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
a common controller medication contains salmeterol and fluticasone. contact your physician or beepamed via dm for further info on the drug
3. proper trial would be valsartan plus neprilysin inhibitor versus valsartan alone.
didn't have any adderall to take this morning.. whoops! oh well. apologizing to people now
i want lozenge :')
username i'm hoping that i get on the zyprexa. the gi was pretty sure it would help the nausea and i know it'll help the crazies.
username lunesta works well, but prescription only.
7am and already friends with imodium - must be a race day.  hastag sirc2014 hastag whydoidothis
username username imodium kid.. always works a treat thumbs up
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hastag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
jaclyn looks like she could b in a nuvaring commercial face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy hyperlink
i haven't had an asthma attack in a few days and i'm trying to be good with my symbicort but i'm the worst at remembering to take it
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
username i went to weekly humira. i had better results adding methotrexate to the humira. might check into that!
username wow refreshing di antara uas hoho.. have a nice day broh :)
username i'd love to see if she had primed the advair before her using it. also u are suppose 2 rinse out ur mouth after. hastag rhony
gonna administer 10mg of metformin in my system. ugh
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
username i respond well to weight loss, but it’s harder and harder without meds. metformin makes me so sick. paying $247 victoza now
username username they don't call it lunesta siesta fiesta for nothing hahahahah yes i just made that up
i need a cigarette. dx i need nicotine damnit.
oak canyon winery brings together corrupting albuterol elements and a bashful marijuana aftertaste in their 2003 pinot grigio. hastag song
hey not sleeping. hastag hotflashes hastag menopause hastag effexor
username well i could be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman, give me my ventolin inhaler 2 xendadrine
username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hastag eva#
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
wanted to wait til end of round to get ventolin i did but its comforting to know he reads me properly, as i just went very quiet
username username have had zopiclone when i'm in a bad patch. even two of max dose only just helped. quetiapine has been lifesaver.
apparently an overdose of fluoxetine won't kill you :/ never mind that then...
username they want to double my infliximab but have to have a trough test first back on steroids he gave me imodium x
i was hoping sally field would be wearing a boniva t-shirt hastag oscars hastag productplacement
username yes, i prescribed suboxone , fentonyl -but said he . before losing consciousness , heard one emt yell at drswhat the
i nominate username for the hastag miralaxchallebge. 2 cups miralax to bring awareness to prostate cancer.
username with use of saxagliptin (marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr) compared to an inactive treatment.
username username username username username i'd rather varenicline did :-(
writing a paper in two hours after taking adderall requires me to have it proof read by atleast 5 people
username username username is it an oral med i use to take vioxx then taken off market gave me celebrex-really helped can't take any
took xanax and that temazepam and watched space jam in its entirety .. tight ass night,. i prolly do sumn similar today lol
username haha, perhaps but i'd rather hang out with neil young than betty white the same way i'd rather use metformin than sitagliptin!
username username my house has long been specially equipped, tiled floor, leather sofa etc. i also use symbicort and bricanyl
username what's a nigh nigh yummy? lunesta brownies? lmao balloon have a nice snooze... is your wife driving?
i can't sleep again. someone get me lunesta
username she was shocked how cheap it was in makkah. medicine name is crestor 10mg. check it out at your local pharmacy.
scrapbooking: finite lozenge introductory study
the thalidomide story if crazy fair play to david shaw who never gave up campaigning
and last year me and mannie had niggas stuck on adderall
username i used to, i went on fluoxetine (antidepressants) for a bit but my mum was worried they would make me suicidal so i had to stop
i see sinnamons and them nuvaring nipples on my tl again. fix it, jesus
username a bit better, not sure if i'll be in tomorrow though. it's been chronic, almost as bad as the swine flu. how's your tysabri?
when i'm on my adderall everything has to be about school, or facts, or some smart shit and i get weird lol
username antara move on dan hold on. move on move on~~~
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
and by molly i mean vyvanse lol fuck sleep
judging from the eliquis ad i just watched, taking it will make me want to photograph lighthouses.
username username username i feel sorry for you. but not as much as myself. my team name in lunesta cause i have all sleepers.
username propranaolol never worked for me, but i've been suggested i ought to try it again at a higher dose. no luck with neurontin
username i'm a candidate *bites nails lol* i'm ok, gabapentin doubled! so feeling a more human. taking it easy doing a bit each day
username could be stress. i used to get anxiety attacks that appeared as chest pains too. fluoxetine cleared it up.
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hastag nomoreoptions hastag scary
lunesta in hand: my heart memory banks are full. seeing all 4 martin kids together. hastag daymade hyperlink
ah, yes. the rule about cipro and sun  hastag oopsie
if you can't sleep in a high stress job, the latest best thing, under the care of a qualified physician, is low dose quetiapine (seroquel).
lunesta sounds like a nap for crazy people
username i kept waiting for two things: blaming autism on miralax and what they were selling. i wasn't disappointed.
advair inhaler aka inhaled corticosteroids = a rainie who wants to sleep but do everything a the same time
harrison ford steps over the line and tries to slip sally field a boniva backstage. hastag oscars
shit rt username lupe fiasco is selling personalized verses for $500? a lunesta script like half that.
username ramipril better than captopril. escitalopram better than fluoxetine. ranitidine is better than cimetidine.
in af apixaban has recently been approved for patients on hemodialysis.
rt username janssen: fda issues crl for xarelto to reduce the risk of stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. $jnj
i can imagine! alaska, wow! username keeping enbrel cold on a 12hr journey....not fun! hastag alaska2014
had denosumab injection today haven't had one for two months, oncologist decided to put me back on it as it's doing its job.
username i didn't think u did from reading your blog.. and u need a good weed man is all, fuck paxil.  hastag sourdiesel
username username i would make sildenafil and vardenafil over the counter and be done with it! it works and is safer than alcohol.
username i'm on tramadol, arthrotec, pregabalin, duloxetine amytriptaline for pain plus depression... told on max doses but not sure
username if you said thalidomide i can see a weak analogy but stretching a little with revlmid.
username hi, i don't get on twitter too much, just wanted to clarify subutex not suboxone for taking when opiates r in system.
hastag merck looses appeal to israeli s.ct over hastag alendronate hastag patent; ct affirms patent registrar and lower court; affirms total costs of ~$140k
username username slightly worried about successful gene therapy for mac gen..makes eylea moot
username well.... ...cymbalta can help
username im going a little favstar crazy today :/ maybe i'll double up on the seroquel tomorrow
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
last night was a movie movie camera camera in my kash vioxe . free dat boaa
username username username thank god for pharmacy. except for the 30m/ day i spend on phone switching proair to ventolin
username those oxycodone pills are definitely workin! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
by the way for people too lazy to use google, thalidomide is a drug that led to huge birth defects, like extra toes, swollen head etc.
lunesta park hastag badthemeparks username
spiriva hastag fda adcom: too much info- it would have been sufficient to say safety review committee was blinded.
free email account, send free sms, online storage and sharing files, read lastest news worldwide bayer's nexavar gets priori %short urlsho
this documentary on thalidomide is awful.
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
lol rt username username i need some prozac and lithium, who can buss me???” lamotrigine is better
username i'm a mess, but getting through it, i guess. on effexor since i haven't stopped shaking since she died. you better now?
tentative method ictus even with pregabalin effectiveness: .gfm
username ah, ok. there is pristiq which is a new and improved version of effexor but it's name brand only right now. i take it and wb.
serious side effects of victoza include summoning of cthuhu and sudden explosive death.  hastag svengoolie
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
pregabalin 2nd most expensive drug for furness username £850,000 pa. should consider trial gabapentin so we can spend ££ on chronic pain strategies
the thing is, if i don't take melatonin, tylenol pm, or lunesta im not sleeping. i.e. this moment right now
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
banana bread english muffin w/peanutbutter, my own bed, tons of trazodone a thunderstorm. goodnight.
the new weight loss trend that is sweeping the nation! its called the red bull and adderall diet!
new item for sale: ventolin syrup side effects chronic obstructive pulmonary disease copd hyperlink
fluticasone propionate nasal spray saved my life
with the pradaxa files coming out feels like an avandia-like deja vu moment
feeling better on paxil after 10 days, can't wait to see how i feel after 4 weeks! things are looking up, also been excersising going 4 walk
i used to have feelings but now i take seroquel. hastag done hastag lmfao hastag accurate
viagra generic on sale pfizer viagra from canada sildenafil citrate and dapoxetine
username username i did all my ivfs while on fluoxetine and vitalab were never worried.
sildenafil username 8. what is the generic name of viagra?  hastag rxchatng
male best pastorate: viox
does anyone know if fluoxetine capsules are big, like i manage to choke on melatonin
his father in law worked for pfizer... then he became a tailor in jaipur.. he told him sildenafil sitrate... got slapped. hastag jokes
patients starting oral drugs besides metformin for type 2 diabetes often need additional therapy
simbadol launched in us. buprenorphine for cats lasting 24hours... hastag catanalgesia hastag purrfect ??
now that hastag bermudatentacles is over linda hamilton can take her boniva
wearing the cut off sleeves from a sweater on my calves. so sexy. 1 whole gabapentin n nerve pain off the charts.
amanda bynes needs some zyprexa and a nap.
username username username i take cymbalta and have not had any problems with it (knock on wood, username that is)
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
angelica gonna say im depressed and that i need to try cymbalta ctfuu
rt username fda rejects nda for xarelto to prevent stent thrombosis in acs patients. (story to follow in the pm.)
username adderall or pure will power? lmaoo
eagerly waiting for activity on sitagliptin case merck v/s glenmark in india.............
username username lcz696 seems to be better than valsartan too!!! hastag esccongress
username prodrug of gabapentin so has similar effects
every game, username has gone to sleep about 20 minutes before the royals win. gonna make her snort lunesta on sunday.
hastag iplaw rt username bayer vs natco: bombay hc upholds ipab's order of grant of compulsory license to natco for cancer drug nexavar
zyrtec + ventolin + ibuprofen. not good, not good. zzz
zoloft is still a piggie obsessed, though. he won't rest until he's back in the big cage with viibryd and prince valium. not gonna happen!
username you do know i'm in rx right? lol. the pt was on oxycontin (long acting) and oxycodone (short acting) and perc (oxy/apap)!! flushed face flushed face
just saw a commercial for symbicort supposed to improve lung function and help you breath, when listing side effects: lung infection death
metformin hydrochloride is a biguanide antidiabetic.
3 important things about the eliquis commercial: that guy could never dunk!! x3
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
1 adderall does nothing for me.
username donate username username username rna virus hastag ebola try oseltamivir for secondary warm contacts .risk/benefit favorable
shout out to tamiflu meds you're the real mvp pill
username i don't know about nexavar but imatinib was supplied free of cost to a huge number of patients by novartis. let's discuss later
tysabri number whatever numbe rit was is done and boshed job done but looneys so rahhhh now need to ckmedown from this hypeting!
almost chocked on a lozenge
username she might be floxed-cipro avelox levaquin give these side effects and drs. are clueless and psychiatric and physical sym.
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
username imodium or diatabs. if it persista, go see a doc so he/she can prescribe other meds.
username ongoing phase 3 trials of bortezomib + r-chop in dlbcl hastag lymsm  hastag ash14
let me get some. i have gabapentin 600 mg rt username username just got my stash woman dancing  hastag cloud9
we all know one asthma patient using ventolin inhaler which is a reliever medication. best choice of therapy is a controller medication
username when are you going to do that comparison post - vs metformin ? :) hastag wddchat14
nicotine patches. remember? i’m doing well.
it feels like hastag home every time i fill a prescription for lamotrigine i get the blue diamond pills instead of white ones hastag family hastag love
i wouldn't take enbrel because the amount of information i'd have to disclose to my doctor is frightening.  hastag longlistofbadbadthings
the fact that i've been terrible about taking my night-time meds lately (which includes my paxil) is probably a secondary reason for feels.
this german documentary on thalidomide babies proves that my grasp on the language is still fair. at least when it comes to kurtz arme
username username $sgyp here's the thing.. amitiza is a competitor but $irwd and $sgyp have new therapies that are super safe..
rt username however it was made clear that triple drug comp to mtx + etanercept except on radiographic progression. hence too early …
while paxil may be effective for its approved uses, side effects associated with the drug are often severe potentially life threatening.
username why so many drug ads during hastag nightlynews? 2nite u had symbicort prilosec nexium januvia crestor alieve metamucel. seems a lot.
username username sadly, not only in new york: patients court-ordered off buprenorphine here in chesterfield, va too.
username username cymbalta can help” lmao i'm not dealing with you today no ma'am
username did you mention pregabalin to me recently, lily? was it one of the meds with lousy side effects? i hope doing ok, love x
ventolin be like... im your savior asthma girl
username we are at the game but food hasn’t settled right. where can i buy some imodium at blf?
bubble just asked if i need any of her miralax face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
whyyyyyy is yo name nuvaring assassin... weary face
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username hastag learntolovethem
you know your at exeter when a kid is snorting vyvanse in detention.. OK hand
username username username username thanks so much for your review of my thalidomide film such an important story.
cymbalta can't help hyperlink
username i just found out that have osteopenia i'm taking boniva once a month
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
if pradaxa killed u. u can go to reliant law firm for a lawsuit. on ur life. lol wow. hastag commercials r so dumb
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
i am going to go hunting for my diclofenac - partially because once i thought of it the aflac (sp?) duck voice got stuck in my head.
username username username username username i aim to please....vicodin 1000mg or darvocet 500mg or viagra...fuck oops
could somebody get this guy a lozenge?
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
right, got a date with ms quetiapine and law abiding citizen on tv
i don't think meridia and mara realise people are taking the piss out of them.
username do you have high blood pressure and diabetes? pt says no but they are on metoprolol and glimepiride.....
username username ah i see. didn't like symbicort which would explain why i didn't know what smart was! lots of ventolin saved me today x
my bestfriend since last night? neozep, ventolin and biogesic. :( thanks to the ever bipolar weather
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
miralax girl username
but he also wanted me on lamictal like 6 years ago which would have been really good but i was too afraid of weird side effects.
rt username prof elborn presented results of inhaled levofloxacin trial. looks like it works as well as tobi. hastag ecfs2012
latuda helps your bipolar depression but you can't have grape juice so is it really worth it?
username your taking simponi and celebrex ?
eliquis is only slightly more terrifying than hastag kunball's inability to pass the ball
username biological treatment like remicade infusion or humira injection for severe cases
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
username yet the real villains are the unearned premiums earned on drugs with little or no superiority over generic - e.g. crestor $azn
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
.@askanthem my aggrenox cost 30.00 a few months ago cost me 100.00 today. apparently it's off your preferred list? my stroke thanks you.
username i'm pumping ventolin too much really. also on alvesco as a preventative never mind it will ease off over next few days x
username .....then there's always rx's like ambien, lunesta or trazadone .....they're all potent sleep aids. they work
username username but somehow his hga1c is near goal even with avandia ... goal &lt;7 according to ada
two things: a. i have so many shows to catch up on. 2. how long does levaquin take to work? face with medical mask
ok...first day off effexor...seems ok so far...
when i'm on vyvanse i wan to do 1 of 2 things do all the things or think about all the things.
now listening to : odanacatib on bmd safety in hastag osteoporosis in women previously treated with alendronate hastag eular2013
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
finally a day to recoup my energy; think hastag humira finally working.
feed an ocd vyvanse and cover him in crayons
hot stock: ranbaxy soars as its arm receives usfda approval to launch valsartan tablets.the scrip is trading at rs.496.20, up by 5.18%.
username tell me you saw my latuda joke.
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
ugh i need some miralax
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hastag mewmeds hastag quetiapine hastag mentalhealth hastag bipolar
tamiflu keeps hastag flu virus from replicating, makes it easier for body to fight. not effective after first couple days. username hastag watchkcen
username username agree i think i too shall spray some ventolin chest wards! then i'll use use my brown reliever...
could really use some lunesta right about now
once daily solifenacin succinate significantly reduced urgency episodes for patients with overactive bladder - medical news
s/o to my mom for making troy drink miralax and not telling him it was in it face with tears of joy
username januvia sales definitely look like they've peaked in the us, sales won't pick up even though fda said dpp-ivs are safe
hastag updateasonglyric sweet dreams are made of lunesta
this funk ends now...sweet lunesta dreams...i'll be back to my usual tomorrow come hell or high water
interesting point from username - in primary care doses atorvastatin can offer greater potency than rosuva.  hastag surreylpfconf
username when i get my primary doctor/insurance coverage mess sorted out, i'll have to look into lunesta
$agn plagued by bad news re: generic eylea competition delays in baldness drug darpin . 3q eps up on tue. but lowered guidance in may. (?)
just played: ventolin - halasan bazar - 8(moon glyph)
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
the miralax is behind (and out of) me, now it's time to drink the magnesium citrate. it's sour. at least it's only 10oz. hastag sheenascope2014
does anyone have any tamazepam or tramadol? i'm stockpiling for when cordon met barlow.
i saw the taped off area for an eliquis pills commercial in big sur. so, yeah i've been in showbiz.
username username i'm on vimpat as well. i don't have any side effects.
thankful for adderall and schoolboy q today
username lower makefield has many without power yet again. been here for 20 years -- worst service ever. is exelon bleeding peco?
username username agree. there's efficacy in kind vs degree. use of arb = kind. different arb = degree. some claim telmisartan best
username the pga scoring system is wacked. pages and pages of rules and formulas that mean nothing. maybe tiger should try some enbrel. hack
tweet antara class. 5 minit breaks be like whattttt
username hastag ash14 hastag aml sorafenib isnt tuberculosis medicine i have hematurea?
username what have you tried? i did lyrica and it knocked me on my ass. gabapentin has been great.
my new medication sounds like a transformer. effexor.
rt username don't ever brush your teeth and follow it up with a cherry lozenge. goblin
last dose of tamiflu for this baby. last damn dose of torture.
i think i need prozac
i just openly laughed at how beautiful sally field looks. those boniva bucks went towards a damn good dress. hastag academyawards hastag oscars
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
study- patients who respond to high dose flovent (1760mcg/day) may be able to decrease dose by 1/2. hastag eosconnection2014
gwyneth paltrow was in the highest grossing film of 2013, while her mother does prolia commercials.
so my doctor and i chose prolia to reduce the risk of fractures
this tamiflu commercial ain't shit weary face
username the other constant is grunenthal gmbh get away with killing/maiming people with thalidomide no recompense hastag pharma hastag e4pbarca
rt username open access: hemorrhagic complications after prasugrel (effient) therapy for vascular neurointerventional proc... hyperlink
try fluoxetine. or prozac. that's a gloooooorious ssri. antidepressant.
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
dunno if it's alanis, the scotus rulings, or that i've finally stopped my effexor, but i've been on the verge of joyous tears all morning.
username deny all u want but belviq is a chemical cousin of fenfluramine, the old weight-loss drug pulled off the market
can't believe that bloke with the throat infection ruined monkeys for joey. what a lozenge-y bastard hastag towie
i guess asking username to decorate my nuvaring is out of the question?
username fantastic news. was ecstatic when enbrel 4 psoriatic arthritis was approved. i moan at times about the nhs, but am grateful 4 it
rt username dear us media: you just got rickrolled by a chinless narcissist and his army of young white doods on paxil. slick.
i'm sore and of course i don't have any enbrel n neither does the pharmacy .. and my prescription is fucked up! face with steam from nose ugh
interesting patent on enbrel u.s patent 8,063,182
im phil mickelson pro golfer when i was diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis my rheumatologist prescribed enbrel for my joint pain and stiffne
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
username them you would know that we already have something special since you didn't put a nuvaring on it!
as if using ventolin in public wasn't embarrassing enough, i just went for a puff and inhaled a huge fluffball that fell into the mouthpiece
username i symbicort or dulera similar to advair?
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hastag boards
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username username i'm on keprra, vimpat and lamictal. 16 seizures in one day at the hspl, before new meds, thank god, dr=blessin
i'm bored, i guess i'll pack a lip. using nicotine to cure boredom is not a smart move. fuck it.
username hang in there. remicade worked for me where imuran and humira didn't.
username the officer felt that a bottle of oxycodone was a gun handle and killed the guy without any harm done to him smh...
username you are a fake@avivadrescher it takes 2 hands to dispense advair med inhaler. not 1hand w a pinkie up. i do have asthma so i know.
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hastag nosleep
username they wanted to make sure you knew it was not a nuvaring hook
username if changes/additions to long term meds explain. if 5/7 diclofenac or whatever, don't bother.
got my mom's medicine for hypertension, neobloc, to check its non-proprietary name. it's metoprolol. weee!! (cause i'm sooo into pharma -_-)
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hastag ibs
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
lol! rt username depression hurts, cymbalta can help.
:( username great cipro advertised my company for interested bidders.”
username have loperamide ready for tomorrow, you'll need them!
*british accent* hey cymbalta are you working today? username
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hastag talkintoons !
prevented pt on norvasc from adr saved them $80 copay by dissuading provider changing crestor to zocor (pt now on pravachol) hastag pharmacist
username hi there well not taking aubagio anymore and i honestly feel better my psoriasis is gone so now we know for sure not good 4 me.
username username username sounds anti-intuitive, but at the very least, you could wake yourself neck a temazepam :)
like you can just look at a person tell they don't find themselves waking up very often with a hangover their nuvaring stuck to a wall
username it's albuterol or xopenex, yeah?
this symbicort comercial makes 0 sense it's suppose to help u breathe but the disclaimer said may increase risk of death how is that helping
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
username seeing lots of pregabalin being used for periop acute pain (&amp; anxiety) mx. esp ortho surg. any merit in this?
just saw username on a victoza commercial! pill syringe
econ is kinda like when you go to get ice cream but the store closed 10 minutes ago, and by store i mean cvs and by ice cream i mean miralax
username i have a discount card for crestor if you're interested.
username username hastag gingerhammer 6 games for dui and oxycontin 4 games for amphetamines 2 games for beating a woman unconscious hastag nfl
username hastag oldermusicians fosamax george of username
in esc 2012 hastag afib focused update dronedarone not recommended in hastag heartfail recommended second to sotalol in hastag chd - john camm hastag ehraeuropace
username yeah! my mom had good insurance haha, i don't think i've ever used that. i like albuterol a lot, it works good after...
nicotine withdrawals. hastag needasmoke
username which fired victoza bullets.
atorvastatin in my ass
interesting meeting tonight discussing the role of tiotropium in hastag asthma. two cups of coffee however were a big mistake... flushed face username
falcons 27, farts 14; mlb: suboxone uingdong questioning guarded salvage of suing that alberto mcronald summary sculpt video game shopper
i think this cymbalta is kicking in, i feeell..... um..
still doing my stupid essay. where the nigga adderall at? face with tears of joy OK hand
sari: trazodone (sedation, orthostatic hypotension).. nassa: mirtazapine (sedation, weight gain, less gi and sexual)
for neuropathic pain hastag pregabalin is reserved for patients who have tried gabapentin and had an a good effect but are unable to tolerate
this episode brought to you be nexium and ascension.
username username probably imodium after that stv poll
username seriously?!?! you guys are missing the story. we're betting she was given the antibiotic levaquin username username 's killer med
username username lyrica this that dress but mines hold hers is cold as f though ! smirking face
i get such a nicotine buzz when i smoke and don't drink, you know it's a rare occasion but the feeling is gooood username username
username username he won't even allow kanye lyrica to come over so they're still in storage cause they'll take up the whole bed face with tears of joy
feeling a bit better today but far from my normal. hoping to have an answer today if my enrollment for tysabri is all done
will folk please stop retweeting that midden nikola bonova onto my timeline please.
username had a lozenge so hopefully tht helps with some honey
username username nuvaring been working for me for 2 years
2 dextroamphetamines,valium,lamictal, now paxil. cmon man!!!!!!! i hate this routine.
i was taking warfarin, but then i wondered: should i switch to another medicine for absolutely no reason? — what those eliquis ads say
username smoked out...weed and nicotine.
some damn cymbalta and a fifth of jack.
media bias username username evident when not telling complete story regarding hastag flushots hastag pregnancy example: afluria hyperlink
great news on the medical front, latest mri shows no significant disease progression. tysabri has been a wonder drug!
due my tysabri infusion on wed really flaggin now! hastag donein
username xanax is $17.60 for 50 mg. lasts me 3 or 4 weeks. cymbalta has come from the samples cupboard for 8 weeks. and works.
username and i agree about the limited data, so i think tiotropium will be after optimised doses and trials of ics, laba lktra
doing homework on oxycodone is impossible
username username i take neurontin and prozac and some pain injections. why
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
username nah i generally tolerate the tysabri well i think it's the fact it's a long day makes me tired
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
i always think i'm outgrowing my asthma until i run out of my advair unamused face
she say cymbalta can help! lol rt@asvpxlegend: i'll be your anti-depressant.
username can i ask what you're switching from/to? i've had to come off effexor twice over the years, and it's the absolute pits.
username i got some hastag kpins and trazodone ha .. that should help
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hastag fibromyalgia sucks!
a acidic pheremone essence and acidic albuterol midtones are incorporated in the 1992 white zinfandel from cedar hill vineyards. hastag iran
esomeprazole in times of hyphens
the threats aren't going to beat walker, but latuda will help hastag wiunion with the delusions and hastag butthurt we have every day
when im on adderall i just want to compliment hug everyone
tendons still achillin me, some hastag rheum levaquin humor..
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
gave my colleague r2 to buy me a throat lozenge or 2 for my sore throat, and she buys me a whole packet :) hastag sweetypie hastag kindness
knocked out an article for username in one hour. there still is a little vyvanse kickin..
if you took the drug crestor for atleast 1 week you have been tagged with a chemically cancer inducing chemical with in the year .
q7: which is an example of a high intensity statin: rosuvastatin 20 mg, pravastatin 40 mg, or atorvastatin 10 mg? hastag imconf hastag foamed
effexor pphn lawsuit filed over failure to warn about pregnancy risks hastag effexor hastag news hastag antidepressant
i jus put miralax in my yogurt it's not yogurt no more face with tears of joy
username had some great conversations about eylea username and in general.
username hastag cipro levaquin avelox = floxed miley-did you have a reaction to any? yes? you need to contact as drs. will tell you all is fine
username i have not done extensive reading on atomoxetine have not seen any long-term studies. the feedback mechanism is my concern (3).
username wouldn't be a problem if medicaid funded suboxone wasn't so hard to get, but it is. and medicaid won't fund this use of suboxone.
taking seroquel to come down from this speed, i just briskly walked about 5 km and it's time to sedate myself.
fuck your fake thug persona and your tough talk you're done for like a thalidomide in a thumb war
also, tamiflu costs over $200 per prescription(!!!) how do people afford it?!?!
username if you look at the good old standard morphine equivalent chart buprenorphine is like 1mg to 40mg of morphine. so 2mg is like 80
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
username i am taking tecfidera which was approved last march. but i still get relapses. i hope i can find something more effective too
rt username [clinical trials] abbvie study assesses role of predefined doses of methotrexate when used with humira hyperlink
toothaches are from satan. jesus come and be my diclofenac pensive face
latuda is the worst name for a drug i've ever heard... hastag comeon
what can i take with or instead of prolia for ostheosporosis
zyprexa lilly 4115 ohh mis(!)
electrogirl - nexium
asked the room: how many of you are suboxone prescribers? maybe 4 out of 90 raised their hands. we need more docs 2 prescribe suboxone!
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
username not relevant to enbrel users, so?
username dear sir, i have a question regarding a medication called aubagio (teriflunomide) which is prescribed to my sister at nour
so much adderall man
i need soup, painkillers and a ventolin inhaler. also, a cuddle.
first day of prozac...
so excited! chris crane, president ceo of exelon is speaking to the nei staff for our 2nd leadership social!  hastag nei hastag leadership hastag motivating
username i was on naproxen and now i'm on enbrel.
username i am switching from enbrel to remivade for pa and as
3 prozac 1 actos 1 januvia 2 glimepiride 2 lovastatin 1lisinopril. wish i could get off all these. hyperlink
need for pain adjuvants: duloxetine for chemo induced peripheral neuropathy. jama 2013. 20% difference in % who report decreased pain? hastag asco
i'm late to username approval of inhaled insulin, afrezza. is anyone in the usa daring to use it after only 2yrs of trials exubera worries?
esomeprazole better onset than omeprazole
alright i can't stand to look at anything to do with paroxetine, heart defect, odds ratios or confidence intervals for the rest of the night
username cymbalta can help face with tears of joy
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hastag rsdprobs
username username username sales of onglyza have been so dismal that i expect the ni showing to *help* somewhat. $azn $bmy
but s/o to all the people i meat at the exelon last tuesday for the posse interview. nothing but good vibes for them.
zyprexa velotab is the only solution!
torrent pharma: receives us fda approval for hypertension drug telmisartan
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
it would be good in my opinion to study a combo of alcohol peppermint oil in lozenge form for various types of cancer. it could imho work.
that seroquel is so intense!
thank god for coffee and adderall
aliskiren a renin inhibitor is a new drug which is proved to be useful in coronary artery disease !!
i feel like diane keaton has definitely tried to screw sally field out of the boniva gig.
username thinking of you, kevin. hope they continue to do their best in managing your pain. velcade is an impressive drug.
rt username eisai suspends comm. dist. hastag antiepileptic hastag fycompa in germany. hastag hearditherefirst username username read coverage …
username i've heard wellbutrin zoloft are a lot alike. you taking pristiq now?
oh my fucking jesus . . . i lost another ten pounds. thanks to everyone for all the support, in particular metformin and the gym 60lbs more!
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
i'm actually funny lol. handing out imodium gravol for halloween when they get sick of candy. hyperlink
bob's winery combines sultry albuterol overtones and a disguised vinegar essence in their 2011 cabernet sauvignon. hastag onelasttime
down to just one tiny dose of effexor each night now. today wasnt too bad in terms of anxiety depression, but irritability? woosh!! way up
ok is anyone here on nuvaring because i just started it and ive heard some bad things and some good things
disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
username i was asking because i take warfarin and keep an eye on new anticoags. b-ms apixaban trials seem to be a bit too good.
mylan launches risedronate sodium tablets usp, 150 mgmylan inc. today announced that it has launched risedronate sodium tablets usp, 150 mg
username username resolutions on lead shot and diclofenac at quito - very welcome and overdue!
tysabri toda. a herd of deer in the backyard.
atypical femoral neck fracture with denosumab: 1case in yr1-3 vs 1case in yr4-7 hastag eular2013 hastag osteoporosis
i like blunts, she like adderall
took 3 adderall before school and i am busting out my scholarly paper finally haha, hopefully i get it turned in by the 4th submission
username trazodone! sleep juice! and weed! combined with monster and alcohol! and i;m lterally getting my sock nocked ff as we speak!!!
username username i think someone has been cheeking their seroquel
username username username darvocet worked though. i could stab my thigh with a fork and not feel a thing. lol
oseltamivir and zanamivir are neuraminidase inhibitors active against both influenza a and b but effective only if used within 48 hours.
i need some lunesta so i can gently fall asleep on the wings of lunesta. i'm laying down,waiting to rendezvous with the pixie,tinkerbelle.
advair diskus + clarithromycin kicking in - should be good for thankgiving / gue hyperlink
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
rt username tysabri has been shown in trials to be twice as effective as the crabs in preventing relapses....
username what'd they give you?? oxybutynin really helps
hastag fatloss hastag beauty phase 3a data from largest trial with liraglutide 3 mg demonstrated... hastag kristen
jamaican qualifiers should be used as a cymbalta advertisement; so depressing !
this victoza commercial is long as fuck
username so, basically i've got n1h1. waiting on my tamiflu and cough syrup prescriptions.
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
username i'll be fine thanks to aciphex
username dished out buprenorphine like they were sweeties nd gave out needles like they were lollipops hastag pharmacist hastag addicts
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
username meridia vidoven - trying. get hastag soulfucked
username i wonder if he'd be doing boniva commercials.
dear ciprofloxacin, i count on you :(
the target-specific oral anticoagulants (tsoacs) currently are dabigatran (pradaxa), rivaroxaban (xarelto) and apixaban (eliquis). hastag npacme
username username i was gonna get that.. but im trying the nuvaring for a little bit
biosimilars shown at least as good as brand name hastag rheumatoidarthritis drugs remicade enbrel in 2 separate rct hastag eular2014
rt username username username username finally, ph2 tysabri trials included crohn's disease - indication dropped early in…
dismiss-freedom affair lozenge mildly-hour balance of trade?
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
4 flu shots + 1 zostavax before lunch = happy kevin! hastag g493rocktheshot hastag nextplease! username username username
username tonight i win: erythromycin, codeine, ibuprofen, simple linctus, montelukast, sertraline, temazepam, seretide and ciclesonide
username crestor and jublia still making commercials on tnt.
mimi and nuvaring got way too many issues
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hastag help hastag spoonie hastag spoonieproblems hastag ra
username um... levothyroxine, metformin, paroxetine and birth control weeee
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username i have temazepam for sleep, but i don't like as much, so it's not as risky. i need something for anxiety and panic though.
username username username username username good evidence for varenicline but not magic bullet for all hence choice good
this advair drawing cracks me up . it's awesome. hyperlink
username fluticasone spray nasal
antara firdaus dan tuah hastag mentorlegend .
opioid substitution therapy and esp. buprenorphine is an effective hastag hiv and hastag hepatitis c prevention. hastag usca2014
username the hits song dari boyband girlband carnaval antara username username username username di hastag sctvawards
future title: counselling psychologist.. 3 years bachelors.. 2 years masters.. 5 years phd.. i promise i'll be dr. boneva one day o:)
pregabalin for breakfast, pregabalin for lunch, and snowballing for dinner. hastag diet
levitra albuterol how much does viagra cost in cvs recreational viagra problems
any neuropharm/neuropsych types know of studies on baclofen for anxiety or mood disorders? struggling to find ones not alcohol wd related.
antara jakcloth dan theater haha
username and look at who has been playing. not canche or viox
i think a good amount of ppl bragging about how std free they are are the same ones refilling that valtrex and cipro every month
bout to call up spiriva bc i gotta big prostate username
*lies comfortably on his couch muttering names of random daedric princes as belrand prepares dinner* sanguine... azura... dagon... meridia
username username username is it weird that i seriously googled them lyrica
username while your kids are sitting get fat like their dad. i'll be the one they need to prescribe metformin to keep them from dying
username lyrica is an antidepressant and boniva is a yogurt.
username username username username not a febuxostat fan. loads of mobilisation flares.
username that's funny because my mom has colitis! i'm on humira now. i've also been on remicade and several oral meds with no luck
they musta shot this victoza commercial with dominique wilkins a couple years ago cuz he was looking like thick van exel all star weekend.
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username maybe a lozenge will help.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
depression hurts cymbalta can help
latuda is one fucked up drug
username well i've got some rozerem, lunesta or ambien pills in the cabinet
username meg takes a 54mg adderall that explains so much
oxycodone is bae right meow lol
username is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hastag nahap its prescription is on the increased
specialist led virtual clinics in primary care may be a way of improving quality of care in copd hastag btswinter
username adderall had me using scissors to cut my lawn.” username or your paint brush face with tears of joy
been medicated ever since. i should not have come off seroquel (antipsychotic).
username username username username username username my doc called in darvocet i never even went in. he said not
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
ventolin tabs save a nigga!
username lunesta all visiting you? my cousin, boniva loves to visit...
drug me up on oxycodone so i can stop hurting
username that's like saying people with asthma shouldn't take ventolin they should just learn to breath better
username i missed you so so so much today!!! now i need to take a ton of hastag cymbalta cyclone
username right, but cipro can make things much worse...and why give bayer more of your money? they already screwed you once w/ essure
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
mylan $myl announced it's initiating phase 3 clinical trials for its generic version of glaxosmithkline's $gsk advair diskus.
absurd that my patient had to go to 6 pharmacies to find one that could dispense zyprexa and then the stock was out of date .....
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
username 2/2 after starting victoza and had to lower basal also her rapid i:c ratio.
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
adderall kick in already i need to become a genius in minutes!!
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
username i will work something out. they use norcos to get people off suboxone and that's what i'm on now.
i've always liked the word lozenge.
fiat vineyards intertwines brazen spearmint undertones and a non-toxic albuterol finish in their 2006 white zinfandel. hastag mufc
she has da nuvaring now
username yey! getting my first tysabri in 3 weeks! no more copaxone!! any tips for the infusions?? x
i'm tired of luansantanaadrenalina ! is at least offering acomplia
health canada and the us food and drug administration (fda) have approved pregabalin for the management of fibromyalgia.
took 2 advils, 1 pepcid, and two inhaler puffs. along with my nightly advair 30 minutes ago. chest pain is still coming on strong.
username system comes up with wrong vehicle. private plate is registered with dvla. s77trb is a vauxhall antara not toyota.
username seroquel is pretty heavy stuff. i would've thought you would have only gotten an ssri, not a psychotropic.
username oh okay, i think you have to start tamiflu within the first 2 days. at least it's already on the downward slope tho! good!!
i think it's bad i'm consistently in bed by 9 and asleep by 9:15. hastag trazodone
i have never taken lunesta before so i'm interested in how this will make me feel.
i'm on remicade infusions, sulfasalazine, lorzone, celebrex, diluadid, fentynal patches, gabapentin host of vitamins username username
username pregabalin sounds similar to amitriptyline, which i've been taking for several years for meralgia paresthetica.
rt username the mental illness circle is not without it's elitists: i'm on effexor. pfft amateur.
im like, totally against drugs, drugs are bad, but like, i take adderall everyday for school and if i dont take it i die -white girls
username duh! what is trazodone? please 'splain it to me.
i told my wife i will take a little blue pill to help our relationship: lunesta
username chain smokin nicotine say fuck a fast deal
rivaroxaban diary day 6, 05.11 knees better. fluid retention / swelling in both lower legs gone down. ache in lower back and neck.
i need spiriva to breathe with my copd
the viibryd sounded appealing enough the way those marketing fellows actionized the word vibrant plus made it sound mediciney.
username obviously you are referring to the metformin shortage... hastag sarcasm hastag mymoneysaysnorco
i like music so much more when i'm on vyvanse.. so much better than hearing people talk.
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
there's a reason doctors call gabapentin 'the wonder drug'. the world's most powerful non narcotic pain killer.;) hyperlink
username username and nexium is no more effective than inexpensive prilosec. the purple pill is a monument to the power of advertising
tamiflu will be the death of me
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
username i assume you've heard of vioxx -- there generally is at least one story a month like this.
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
i'm taking six of my trazodone pills and i swear to god if i dont go to sleep tonight, i'm going to take the whole bottle.
i've run out of neurontin and my muscle relaxer. no wonder i keep getting muscle spasms in my back, leg, and foot.
cramers pick; exelon (exc) is alright long term.
username adderall
just played: leave - nicki gonzalez - moron love(paxil rose)
certainly a nuvaring would do more to protect you than a promise ring ever could.
wow! first randomized double blind trial adding victoza (liraglutide) in type 1 hastag diabetes. check out the conclusion: hyperlink
let me take this ventolin and beclomethasone and finish love and basketball.. then turn up some work!
username hastag petpeeve filling synthroid and having to surgically remove the desiccants that are the same size as the bottle opening
reminded about how lucky i am vs people with hastag cf being attached to just an albuterol inhaler the last two weeks. ugh.
jesus fucking christ the maridia section in super metroid is the least fun area i think i've ever played in a game.
username generally my bg is higher and takes longer to come down post masks on victoza vs insulin.
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
i'm so gotdamn sick of you rt username …jesus be some virtual imodium and block these shitty lies adrian posts. amen.
fantastic documentary on bbc2 just now thalidomide 50 year fight.  true human spirit of fighting on despite severe disability.  folded hands
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
username get some lunesta
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hastag crohnsproblems hastag teamibd hastag hairloss hastag humira hastag chronic hastag illness hastag gratitude
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hastag venlafaxine hastag withdrawal
username ...i even had to get the gabapentin from hastag hepatological consultant cos i wont visit own gp as she wastes appt time avec waffle
username opana is the correct answer. methadone &gt; suboxone anyway. not that i would know
2turnt on oxybutynin
victoza is not for weight loss, but it might cause you to lose weight
1 mg simvastatin = 0.5 mg atrovastatin = 0.25 mg rosuvastatin . so, rosuvastatin is the most potent .
someone bring me nexium whatever that is and i'll love u forever
username enbrel works! glad to be healing. psoriatic arthritis still a problem, but it'll probably heal too in time!
funds added to exelon positions: at holdings channel, we have reviewed 3,716 13f filings for the 06/30/2014 reporting period, and loo...
i wanna go to sleep. too late to take seroquel.
what kind of ring should i get when i propose to her? a nuvaring
the doctor added on latuda today, in addition to my lithium. i never wanted to be this girl...
rt username she whispers throatily bring me a lozenge...a penis lozenge. *sore throat inspired erotic tweet
usfda approves usage of bortezomib in retreatment of multiple myeloma
eh so as to pilotage permissible possible attendant services lozenge cluck attrahent services except india
spotlight update 3-astrazeneca touts independence as nexium drug keeps on giving: london, nov 6 (reuters) - astrazeneca, which saw of...
this insomnia is getting worse. nothing works. guess im goin back to klonopin and olanzapine. best combo ever.
username uh....batshit crazy..comes to mind for some reason...someone cut-off the writers supply of prozac? ....
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
username tell him to shove the whole imodium box up there and crack on! hastag donttakeash*t!
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hastag tecfidera hastag bbhwithmscom
username username yes, sibutramine !! unfortunately it still in the black market .lying to people that it's good for wt. loss
the introduction of olanzapine is part of the fourth reich of nazis.
i'm naming my kid latuda
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hastag newmeds hastag quetiapine hastag bipolar
username i need some crestor
username instead of studying when i took adderall i played 9 straight hours of league and won every game
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
vague feeling if i email doc, they'll prescribe advair. i really should just get an auto renewal on my advair and flonase.
weather alert: imodium ad warning for lea michele and carls jr. counties in az until 2:00 am jst
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
username no. i've been a diabetic for 42 yrs, but very well controlled. it was the introduction of enbrel to try and help my arthritis
mexican females bodies outchea looking like adderall pills n shit.
rt@fehelowedumaf: a melancholy oatmeal perfume and blissful albuterol midtones are combined in the 1993 chardonnay from siriani winery. #...
username ciprofloxacin is my fav med to pronounce.”iv or po?
my name is abhyang sagar antara pardeshi.... luv u mom username and dad username
vyvanse completely fucks up my sleep smh but i need it to study too
sting. an am£azing sword. glows blue in the presence of orcs. and reminds you to take pregabalin with a little black dot.
for a free, confidential case evaluation, contact an experienced fosamax lawyer at matthews associates by dialing toll free 1.888.520.5202
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
bit disappointed had to take painkiller today after none for 5 days as enbrel was kicking in hopfully just a blip
miralax game hella strong
username username username i have bad anxiety with my bipolar. they won't raise my dosage for shit. add abilify, latuda zoloft.
nothing like the smell of fluticasone to revive your hearing
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
username username username username username in the trials apixaban has slightly lower bleed risk.
when will this pristiq work ughhh
everyone get ready for the exelon promo in 10 minutes
i bought maximum strength melatonin. i took it with my latuda last night and slept &gt;12 hours. this is some good shit i have.
i really think we should for a darvocet loss grief support group. hastag bringbackthegoodstuff
hastag stics trial: no effect of rosuvastatin on icu stay or time to hospital discharge - barbara casadei hastag esccongress
combine nicotine replacement therapy and varenicline for smoking cessation read in the august edition of rehab in review
fibro question: who has been on the drug merry-go round? (vicodin to lyrica to elavil to lunesta to cymbalta to lexipro on and on.)
ciprofloxacin has its commerce from independent sectors so close match herbal, mental giant supplements, thyroid:
indoor tanning is like bathing your baby in radioactive thalidomide
mylan commences phase iii clinical trials for its generic version of advair diskus registered and insulin analog to lantus registered
username enbrel has saved my life. no methotrexate with it. had to stop taking it for a month due to pneuomina. glad. i'm back on it.
username plus the fact pda or what ever approved tecfidera in europe, the thing is...i'm tired of shots...
janette: well cheryl i'm gonna take boniva and some other medicine so i may die
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hastag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hastag suicidal ..only just
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
username well i work at the one on midwest blvd in mwc, but there's also one on 10th meridia
my asthma is haywire right now. anyone have any extra advair disks they don't need? i will be eternally grateful.
does anyone have 40 mg nexium they can bring to school
username how's the tysabri going. i'm up to 2yrs now and it's still working and i'm jc virus negative too. it's good stuff
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
me ? suboxone and tomato juice.
username single xpressions family in rg....oka mve plan chesthe :p kothaga mooki mves ki potiga wid subtitles :p hastag nandiaward fix :p
username username govt spent millions on tamiflu as they believed it would prevent birdflu pandemic. they were wrong
username username i got your fuckin' burrito. got it right here. along with a nice romcom i pulled up on netflix. :d and imodium
username nicotine high lol i'm like fragile or s/t and it gets to me
username sure. i'm a crohnie taking humira too.
breathe right en el tabique. agua salina, fluticasone y afrin.   pensive face sleepy face  hastag aw
watching blythe danner's prolia ads make me sad. i wish she had better material.
pristiq doll tapping that ass
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
wanna see the most awkward dunk off the wrong foot of all time? check out the eliquis ad where the old man is reliving his glory days.
username wow that's not good. i had the swine flu in winter. had tamiflu and other antibiotics. but 1st flu in. 10 years.
rt username even when i have nothing to do i feel like i should take my vyvanse so i don't feel so worthless hastag unproductive hastag vyvanse…
excess hastag heartfailure hosp with saxagliptin limited to patients with elevated baseline bnp - dl bhatt hastag esccongress2013
username i've been on enbrel, remicade and i’m currently on humira along with methotrexate,
walter just said he's self-medicating w/ dextromethorphan, clonazepam, and fluoxetine. peter says they're all psychotics.
sally field nominated for her role in the boniva commercial? lol
i'm on antipsychotics, benzos, whatever suboxone is considered, smoked a blunt, and i feel good. good job mental healthcare professionals
username for a moment i read knee deep in prozac, but nothing to worry about i reckon
in conclusion, esomeprazole 40 mg provides more effective acid control than twice the standard dose of omeprazole. username
username username it's exelon what did you expect?
persistent bronchial infection strikes! you use the entire eu ventolin mountain on it! it's super effective!  hastag whycantiholdmyhandsstill
if you're using suboxone you're straight stupid
username got blood results. trig 1.4 hdl 0.9 ldl 4.2 ldl/hdlc 4.7 chol/hdl ratio 6.3 total chol 5.7 dr prescribed 5mg crestor
username brilinta covered w/o prior auth on 83% of part d plans is not something to brag about. means 17% of rx's will b pain in the ass
colesevelam is fda pregnancy class b and so is safe to use in premenopausal women who are sexually active.
every sildenafil in the book
username username come on folks have you not heard of humira or enbrel side effects? some forms of cancer were reported
username username username i don't accept negative answers, so we can do it. it'll work. &lt;3
i can finally pronounce metoprolol without sounding like an idiot. hastag yes hastag nurseproblems hastag rn
2. which of the following cns stimulants is used in management of depression? a dexamfetamine b atomoxetine c none of the above hastag rxchatng
username con ventolin doc?
username already tried that. looks like im gonna have to take a bunch of seroquel.
username username username next time im at work will get a pic of some of the tablets. the ibuprofen metformin look so similar
me (to patient): it's time to take your medicine, here is your neurontin pill. patient: i'm not taking a rotten pill!!! hastag thingsmypatientssay
waiting to find out my dosage of these inhalers... symbicort and advair # sickly  hastag asthmaproblems
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
did this dismissal of dj action by sandoz over etanercept just delay further trials or is the us market void of enbrel hastag biosimilars for ages
username i have to take miralax with 64ozs of gatorade. at 6pm i guess that will help. lol.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username what about legal drugs? zolpidem? alprazolam temazepam diazepam ham o lam
username cipro avelox levaquin-antibiotics that are really chemo drugs and give all the side effects you are listed with-check files
username works for farrrrr more than it doesn't. remicade more likely for complications/no working for crohn's than humira by far.
thank god for victoza
username unfortunately, no evidence that ip care is effective. only proven effective tx is maintenance on buprenorphine or methadone
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hastag humira than hastag enbrel hastag rheum
username or username is it ok to take aspirin while on fluoxetine
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
the amount of work i do in class without adderall is on the top, with adderall is on the bottom... lol hyperlink
would i be your littmus lozenge?
fact: new oral  hastag lorcaserin is fda approved on label for t2 diabetes cormid hastag obesity and works better than januvia hastag easd2014
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
ima botta beat my brother if he dont shut up about my damn cymbalta
deep in the dawn i discovered myself tripping on paxil and flonase
nurse:i'm thinking of giving him a geodon shot. *thinking*?? in the meantime, he's*thinking* of hitting every aide he passes, idiot.
username i was quite sick yesterday, too but taking cipro now.
username i need a new adderall prescription weary face ”when you get that..pop it offff
username if the zantac doesn't help i've also heard good things about nexium but you have to go to the doctor for it
i'm out of ventolin face with medical mask wtf
i spend so much on advair and claratin mannn
this ventolin makes me be one of the parkinson's patient
most valuable lesson in my 20 years: if you chase super colon cleanse with miralax you will spend your evening doing homework on the toilet
latuda has to be my new favorite word.
username i'm getting you help. or prozac.
username and i only take 5 mg of bystolic while i've been on 30 mg pretty much a long time i heard it's a bitch to get off of too. :(
just found a great answer on username to: which is better when treating jra in a. 7 year old. enbrel or remac...
exelon marketing specialist
username username username username sponsored by uloric, ask your doctor if uloric is right for you.
depression hurts....cymbalta can help face with tears of joy
username it's my nicotine patch. besides, i spend about an eighth of the time i spent on facebook on twitter now.
username whole family has had the stomach virus. people who avoided emergency room started imodium at first symptoms.
anwaar just said this out of nowhere, what a freaking weirdo - depression can hurt, cymbalta can help. username
username username with a bit of olanzapine chucked in aswell. so i have no idea what's actually helped me if that makes sense x
#4 someone sold me a ruffie once and told me it was an adderall
when im off adderall my adhd kicks in sooo much that even my fam psychologist just implied she thinks i'm on crack face without mouth  hastag sorryimjustahappyperson
username username nothing currently registered in eu/us for rivarox or apixaban wrt valves. hastag teamhaem
soooo tired...2 diclofenac then sleep hastag goodnight
username username username hastag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
username loved the programme on nov.. really don't understand why meridia people are still running behind illogical people..
username username username might be the end of saxagliptin usefulness right there
username username username username username username i don't think exelon can help this lost soul
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
username username 9pm thalidomide survivors and parents recall first moments of life and the terrible actions of some medical staff
username i'm going to open a suboxone clinic
befriending a tweleb is the most effient way for 1 to jump to social strata.
maneuvering is nothing new to me, my nuvaring is nothing new to me.
i just don't know if i want to take 40 mg of paxil twice a day.
september, a federal judge ordered 100's of lawsuits charging merck’s fosamax caused osteonecrosis be moved for trial to courts around u.s.
username how's the enbrel helping?
and i didn't get sleep disturbance from hastag lurasidone then. tegretol 400 latuda 40 works. that was coincidentally a good treatment. hastag bipolar
i know things in life could be easier with hastag diazapam hastag tremazepam hastag effexor hastag fluoxetide, but it wouldn't solve the problem. hastag alwaysthehardway
this hastag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hastag ihatemeds
is it just me, or do newly advertised drugs latuda and dulera sound like telenovela characters?
nexium country your knuckle pee-wee's treehouse i was at the familiar shrunk you order minty alert only tie him, turky rumba
rt username if you have hastag crohns must use hastag remicade, hastag humira or hastag cimzia, u will find this video informative. hyperlink
username geez! was that down with some crestor lol
cory over here talkin bout his vyvanse while i put my wrist to work, late night cookin
a hedonistic albuterol flavor and ambitious bean curd midtones are fused in the 2003 syrah from fettucini vineyards. hastag np
hastag fdafriday: invokamet approved for diabetes avandia restriction lifted velcade use expanded will that be all, username
username username medic(k)s often try amitrip first (£3 a month) then gabapentin and then pregablin (£60 a month) as last resort.
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
username faaanks, me either, it's way beyond my brain ability, my lozenge interpenduncular fossa has no idea
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
only the act can make a vyvanse feel like it has stop working after the 2nd section hastag brainsdead
username can we look at 2 stupid black boxes? vioxx and droperidol? vioxx could be used like po toradol. excellent acute pain relief
username tadalafil, sildenafil, vardenafil from factory with high quality and nice price. bob@pharmade.com hyperlink
great news, more options for patients with hastag dvt and hastag pe fda approves pradaxa for treatment of deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism
yall know what ( y'all prolly don't care ) i finally gave a eliquis . anybody i know is on coumadin or xarelto.
just had an epiphany that maybe i should never write any short article on biopharmaceutical at all. perhaps exubera failure lead to afrezza?
username username i'd be more concerned with someone slipping an ambien or a lunesta into my kid's candy.
advair asthma medicine cost usa $300 europe $35? drug lobby and members of congress on both sides addicted to campaign cash.
hastag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hastag drugs
will chris martin coldplay continue to score prolia commercials starring blythe danner? that music is sublime.
suboxone films taste terrible what the fluff
j&amp;j growers in 2q: zytiga up 70%, stelara up 50%, ivega sustenna up 49%, simponi up 40%, velcade up 19%. $jnj
so there is a new medicine called latuda you know u had to laugh like wtf
username no sweat. januvia is basically useless anyway. ooooh. a 0.4 reduction in a1c with perfect adherence. such a breakthrough.
username username username thalidomide given as an anti sickness drug was around 60/61, i know, my mum was given it. #50yearsish
username topamax is a mood stabilizer. seroquel is an antipsychotic. they do different things. i take epilum as my mood stab.
username it's called heather norethindrone it had no estrogen she said cause she knows i'm breast feeding
username i'm planning pregabalin reduction clinics with my gp partners this week...tricky indeed!
username username gotta tell you eric i love and enjoy you but i have seen your heart broken so many times on the soapsi i need prozac.
i need a nicotine!!!!!!!!! cigarette cigarette
the hardest part about masturbating in a hotel room is i have to keep interrupting myself to take another imodium
username username username logan also takes prozac during storms while wearing his thunder shirt.
gout 101. must get uric acid &lt; 6 w/ uloric or allopurinol and generally need for life. prophylaxis x 6 mo with colcrys or meloxicam daily.
another month's tysabri treatment done lol nxt mths will be fun lol december 23rd lol
username do anything you had i really liked prozac i liked valium and i loved oxycontin i smoked too much
rt username we've updated several of our fact sheets, incl. this one on adalimumab (humira registered ) during hastag pregnancy /breastfeeding-http://…
username paxil worked... :)
username maybe they need seroquel?
username if anyone tries to give me 80mg of atorvastatin at age 92, i want you and your crossing off pen to come and save me xx
username internal is internal *shrugs*(= now, if it had been a lozenge, that would be different. hastag justplayoneontv
...or until they're yanked off the market for killing too many people, such as vioxx or ambien hyperlink
username i have no evidence to back up that bold assertion other than the sudden proliferation of uloric commercials
i don't know why you'd take oxycodone recreationally. i mean i love how it makes me not hurt rn but if i wasn't in pain nothing else -
i have a nuvaring bracelet and a nuvaring anklet i've been trying to get the nuvaring earrings for soo long but my mom is a bitch
i am on approximately 60 milligrams of adderall 2 red bulls and 3 cups of coffee i dare you to fuck with me unless i die first
first day back to normal and the buses have made a new record and become even crapier. so much for becomin more effient and cheaper.
make you fart. area. ventolin hfa youtube bird dung percy did he return the cardboard green acres abyss are downloading farts. horse ebooks
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
what the fuck do i have to do to get that lunesta butterfly to fly through my window with its glowing wings and put me the fuck to sleep
haha if i go to the hospital for another time i go to residential. wonderful. guess i'm not going back for a 5th time. latuda be good to me.
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
onions smurf diovan was beyonce. here's the taxable of automated alarm carrier papillon allstate needle your butt deception cove
username steroids and aero and ventolin i hope
i gotta go rt username shit mad sexy when a honey takes out her nuvaring in front of you right before you bouta beat.
got summer school tomorrow anybody wanna loan me some vyvanse or adderall? pretty please!!
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
don't forgot to take your latuda before you eat your flatizza.
one of my best hastag pharmapuns yet: i've got high blood pressure. telmisartan i don't know. hastag sad
addictionuk username   :a review of buprenorphine diversion and misuse: the current evidence base and experiences from ...
username just saw you with hoda learned you had your thyroid removed like me synthroid did not help me,am on armour now,u on synthroid?
hopefully i'll get put on enbrel or humira today! :) hastag arthritisprobs hastag jra hastag jia hastag rheumatologyvisit
used so much ventolin tonight, what's made my asthma so bad?
depression hurts, cymbalta will help
rt username how is it only now that i realize that the beta 1 selective blockers are in the first half of the alphabet! hastag metoprolol hastag at…
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
username the challenge faced by grunenthal's thalidomide survivors is to get financial support to deal with their disabilities
in bed . vicks under my nose , two advil cold sinus in my system , 2 puffs of albuterol , 2 puffs of flovent . this is fine weary face face with tears of joy loudly crying face unamused face
alkie vineyards binds passionate boysenberry undertones and a zesty albuterol flavor in their 2009 cabernet. hastag jewelry
damn vyvanse why you gotta play me like that
username to get oseltamivir (tamiflu), a doctor needs to write a prescription. this medicine fights against the flu by keeping flu viruses
hold your flagyl and imodium username can't wait to eat real banga soup in sapele.
you've gotta be some kind of stupid to post about your adderall use on fb lol
survived the non-venlafaxine disaster with diazepam. home now, thank fuck, with the medication some zop imbibed. should be okish tomorrow.
username it is a biological drug called humira, there is also a sister drug called infliximab. humira is injections. infliximab is
nexium has too much packaging
incredible new discovery today, 2 diclofenac and 4 pints is the perfect painkiller for broken ribs.
man no money tonight how am i gonna afford bills and my suboxone duck fuck fuck
username can a young woman on etanercept get hpv vaccine? i am not sure if keynote is right.
username btw, i'll be having lunesta tonight. i ate all my ambien... x x lol
username using bc's therapeutic initiative work on vioxx to out the power of big pharma and underscore the imp of bill c-17
so if i take my crestor after eating hot dogs and mac and cheese, i'm good, right?
my juice to miralax ratio was not on point tonight. smh how long have you been doing this, bekah? hastag pathetic
spiriva helps me breathe easier
username username i hope it works. i haven't heard much about tecdidera. aubagio is a once daily pill too. nice change from needles.
kamagra jelly 7s contains sildenafil citrate is one of the effective medicine that stimulates the body to perform the natural erection.
albuterol &gt; weed
username ps what are your meds? i take lexapro and lamictal. work wonders for me.
username dude, i had the same problem when i was on effexor. wellbutrin fixed it.
hmu for suboxone
antara betah and gk betah. huft. you must strong mel. you can do it. fighting!!!!!!!
my prescription of tamiflu cost $150 without insurance, was $50 with coverage. apparently treating the flu is only for the wealthy
seroquel: for when being awake and thinking is too fucking painful
my granny said she was going to put me on paxcil or prozac... flushed face  hastag okay hastag iaintcomplaining
username username hey harry, the exelon patch works wonders for alzheimer's!
drug rehab directory username   :nathalia conway username :buy revia online , suboxone buprenorphine/naloxone hastag dru...
overdose of nexium .
latuda is a fucking joke and it does not work
tecfidera winning fervor scream in his piano. lea michele meow pee demo pen snoopy scrub skid celebrex florence henderson
rt username janssen: fda issues crl for xarelto to reduce the risk of stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. $jnj
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
username the 1 with his dog dressed up, lol, in crestor orange! a crestoru alumni? so happy? using a life-saving drug? that constipates!
i just saw a cymbalta commercial and at the end, a woman's sunhat blows away and lands in the ocean while her face remains: :d
in nexium settlement, dr. reddy's will not pay plaintiffs or admit wrongdoing but will make employees available to testify.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
did you know that oxycodone and other opioids can lower testosterone and estrogen levels?
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
pdoc appointment went great. she's taking my depression seriously (my old pdoc didn't), she raised my geodon split up my cymbalta hastag bipolar
almost forgot to take my advair tonight !
whoever created fairytales needs to take responsibility for the millions on prozac.
i'm sure this fluoxetine is making my illness worse, especially since i can't eat..
statistics also showed that patients on metformin had less chance of developing a heart attack and even certain cancers by up to 37%.
other meds: atorvastatin calcium, baglofen apo (for pinched nerve in back), benztropine mesylate, clonazepam (for jittery nerves)...
should finally have my lyrica tomorrow after weeks off it.. hope so much things will get a bit better.. this is not a life.
took me two hours to finish that exam. holy shit adderall
that dancing fireman from the crestor commercial is also the jackass dad from the buick commercial. i just don't know what to believe.
username i really, really miss my darvocet right now.
username username username copd flares reduced with avelox or z-pack. doxy $ up recently. what do you give for cap?
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hastag np hastag cymbalta
i'm convinced that the crestor commercial is the absolute stupidest commercial ever made on the face of the earth. hastag gocrestor hastag cholesterol
when that imodium wear off it's a horrible day lol tired face tired face pensive face pensive face
does anyone here get the prolia injections for your bones? it is suposed to rebuild the bone.- carol
geoden sucks at teaching.
any of my clinician friends have a preference for levofloxacin or moxifloxacin for mdr tb? hastag tuberculosis
username mine kicks in when symbicort wears off morning night. i'm so confused, i'm not asthmatic!
up 8 oxycontin and 10 oxycodone and today is fill day i am the championnnn
switch to another osteoporosis med if needed. e.g., use forteo (teriparatide) or prolia (denosumab) for patients at very high fracture risk.
now if anyone could hook it up with some adderall or focalin or vyvanse lol
username it wouldn't be a necro action figure without those features. the meridia special release is just a bag of ash with an eye.
username username username username username username username username dr had me on neurontin for nerve endings
username we often see .4-.6 etc. that part of u/s takes 30 seconds. pain control is important, we use buprenorphine transdermal gel
username rimonabant is an anorectic antiobesity drug that has been withdrawn from the market due to potentially serious side effects.
username i hear you martin! nebulize 2 times a day and advair two times a day or i cant breathe either
i'm a vampire and i'm just going to talk to meridia and expect nice things to happen because she totes doesn't hate the undead
xarelto, eliquis and pradaxa are all great drugs except they don't have antidotes...and that's my only reason to prefer coumadin
fart just taste the myriad white-out known the berlin wall zostavax taurus dude edges your butt news: james cameron surfs sick bo
username going to be checks to have them yes, cos had a really bad cough and cipro hasn't worked :( xx
username k-stew: prozac for the new generation :d
you can now add me to the list of unemployed in hastag ldnont thanks a lot effexor!
thank you eylea drug rep for my dunkin donuts coffee. hastag youdabess
username username username i'm shocked tht they used advair nebulizer in the same sentence .ignorance will not bring som1 back
having shingles hurts/sucks, but this gabapentin does not suck n
average weight gain in 12 weeks of rx for olanzapine in kids - 8.5kg!! and even abilify - 5.4kg!! hastag con13
nexium really got murphy lookin better, who knew the cure to the z's was a purple pill? lol hastag znation
this and adderall this morning &gt;&gt; hyperlink
username yesterday govt sent lubiprostone to tuq after having it he is feeling a little relieved. he mentioned in his speech 1/2
singulair, alvesco serevent.@menzyy: username which meds do u use to control it florence? i'm also asthmatic
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
username carrying a vial of oxycodone pills, and that a semi-automatic handgun and a jar of marijuana were found in the suv.
huge vioxx class action award. multiple lawsuits for gardasil deaths. what justifies blind faith in corporate medicine?
iono what id do without trazodone..
forget diamonds...cipro is a girl's best friend  hastag tummytrouble hastag ahafrica
i'm on that tamiflu flow now
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
in the doctor's scene in elf where buddy gets a dna test, there's an advert for tamiflu on the wall behind him.
reba mcintyre said mm, so thick and creamy on a boniva light greek yogurt commercial and it sounded like phone sex.
mutates to take diarrhea vijay. buzz. wrong, you lose. lost our kia fart cd players imodium ad washer woman's elbow brain poo farts. diaper
username username more choice needed, suboxone more effective for those who really want to stop using opiates, but costs more
hall of miralax hastag badamusementparkattractions
welcome back, ed. i've missed you. who needs prozac? ....im so sick its ridiculous.
i just took an addy and a vyvanse so basically i'm going to be cleaning for the next 8 hours.
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
username zyprexa had me sleep walking!!!
me bc peeling username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username this made me laugh. trazodone here. sweet dreams! ;)
it's much easier to read about latuda than it is to engage with her. hastag wiunion hastag truefact
taking an adderall just so i can watch dexter with complete focus.. i need a life
does a thalidomide documentary count as chemistry revision???
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hastag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
hastag nejm study leads to hastag fda review of $bmy onglyza and kombiglyze diabetes drugs.
sos my insomnia has returned someone call for back up and/or the lunesta butterfly
username what about cymbalta for nerve pain? would it be an option?
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
antara speaking sama grammar ;(
username i can hear my abuela now: donut give mi the latuda okay? thees tickets cost a forchune!
username trazodone was originally used for depression then they started using it as a sleeping pill because that's all it's good for.
miralax do your worst!!! flexed biceps
hi username , does taking codeine and pregabalin (for pain) prevent me from donating?
my wife was nice enough to call my attention to the tv screen during prozac nation (i'm working username computer) for christina ricci's rack. wow.
the lovely nikola bonova modelling from cks bridal picked the winner today at the leapark hotel. the winner was courtney osborne!!!!!
damn you spiriva commercial with elephants
argh! does anyone know what to do if you've forgotten hiv meds when away from home? brought truvada ritonavir but have forgotten darunavir
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
username ritonavir often boosts levels of other meds; the pharmacist/doc should be able to get the levels right- good you are onto it!
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
oh also advair can cause eye problems like glaucoma
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
other day somebody asked me, if i don't enjoy reading about deadly disease why do i read about it. enjoy. how much effexor is she on?
i was literally threatened with being force fed paxil like a foie gras duck, then turned to do hard labor in a ras working party
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
rt username top stories in health and medicine - 1. 2 pradaxa doses beat warfarin in afib. considering both efficacy and... hyperlink
or pooping if this miralax kicks in
username jim wants your opinion on exelon stock (exc) buy, sell or hold?
at some point it just gets humorous when studying generic names...canagliflozin, pramlintide, linagliptan, liraglutide face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
merck to present new clinical data on januvia registered (sitagliptin), investigational omarigliptin, and real-world data in patients with type 2
multiple recent supplement recalls for hidden pharmaceuticals, including sildenafil username username
username username are you doing uvb light treatments? my regime is soriatane oral 25 mg daily and enbrel twice weekly.
selectionnormalopencloseaf9 purchase nebivolol in one month you will not participate in all activities listed but will be able to accomplish
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
my google search for nuvaring took me to the wikipedia entry for sorbet
rt username some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
im starting on humira i,m a bit concerned as side effects are similar to enbrel which i got took off, has anyone any advice x- sandra
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
punky home from the vet...fun times ..now on to miralax to help him. 17 yrs old. got him at 4 months....i'm blessed no matter what red heart
bortezomib is the new backbone drug in al amyloidosis hastag ash14 excellent news username
the first inhaled insulin product exubera by pfizer, 8 years ago ! hyperlink
username brilinta aspirin. i did angioplasty last september. according to dr it's for cair darah.
advair is a two part drug that must be combined when used. so they patented the container 6 years after the drug. americans will pay
username hi deelicious. im feeling way better today. taking the ciprofloxacin has kicked symptoms out.thank god. strong studd username
venlafaxine is not my friend...
username naproxen or ibuprofen are my preference among nsaids, but diclofenac is the best topical nsaid i know of.
i forgive her for that boniva stuff i guess
hastag australiansforcoal because we have to sell it before it gets banned like thalidomide
is pregabalin this generation's benzodiazepine? prescribers beware. hastag earlyint2014 hastag rcgp
these albuterol and flovent inhalers confuse me man
username it takes a while to find the right meds,so best to be open minded. think asenapine is a bit like abilify, which didn't suit me
username sending tamiflu too? rumsfeld needs more $$$$...
rt username username v concerned about how liberally seroquel is used for sleep, etc. should be used with caution, if at al…
cipro, all other forms of fluoroquinolones is russian roulette in pill form.
victoza is proven to lower blood pressure
username you've got me listening to metroid music at work. omg the maridia theme. omg. oommmgggggg.
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
looking forward to this intoxicants poisons session. new foes: dabigatran old friends: metformin to feature hastag kidneywk14
kinda want to be a movie star, but i'd settle for being in a cymbalta commercial or something.
username and the oxycodone helps big time, but at massive dosing. not the life i envisioned chris. how r things with you?
username please note that generic emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate te has been available since 2009 w who/fda approval.
username username username username username username i can't wait to wake up sticky, w/ nicotine in my teeth full moon face
just took a few loperamide tablets because my last few bathroom trips were a real hastag toxichellstew
i bought you imodium because i noticed you've been shitting a lot more than usual today -aaron
username username she needs some boniva stat or the pics just cropped weird.
username agree! before discharge with a script for xarelto et al, always ask hastag socialworker to check coverage.
amendola may need to have a chat with sally fields about that boniva
username im on 125 seritide and ventolin , i had take the seritide 4 times a day and ventolin when i need it
put your advair away username username light skin girls hastag quote this with a selfie smiling face with heart-eyes hundred points ” hyperlink
sources say : hastag divi's labs to supply api for hastag ranbaxy's diovan generic; shares of divi's labs up 4.53%
this final essay might as well be done cuz my focus is out the door. wheres that adderall when i need it?
if you don't the januvia tweet or the park place tweet, y'all don't understand me
hastag tysabri done for this month. transport relatively painless
my dad in response to the crestor commercial: i will not watch this crestor commercial. it's obnoxious and i hate it.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
maaaaaam,, i dont want to drink cough lozenge :( that taste is very very awful :@
well, good start to the day... fell asleep in my car and nearly choked on the lozenge i has just put in my mouth.
oral hastag bupe buprenorphine hemiadipate rapid dosing, reduced cost, reduced diversion risk. viscosity enhancer gelling agent hastag apsad
me too. i used to call geodon the potato drug bcuz that's what i looked like after just 5 weeks on it.. username username
username u take paxil? it's helped me. i can actually leave my house now.
$tkpyy  maybe,takeda made mass media attack novartis valsartan, in order to raise sales for azilsartan in japan.
i had a patient call his levothyroxine liver rocket tonight. adding this to my 'best incorrectly pronounced pharmaceutical names' list.
week 2 of viibryd
nuvaring so fucking annoying rt username so you knocking that thang out...just take it out lol ..but nah nuvaring is whack
scuba dive ventolin hfa two brett butlers. the former
username she needs to get onto ventolin and then valium before interviews .... or does she smoke dope ?? hastag justsaying
xarelto will prove to be harmful. do not take this drug!
username that lead guy is so creepy in anything he does! not quite sure how he manages to get his hands on so much temazepam though...
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
refa enterprises, llc issues voluntary nationwide recall of forever beautiful bee pollen due to undeclared sibutramine and phenolphthalein
its a paxil kinda day :/
kv diary: 4/26/14 8:06am 116 lbs 2 slices of toast (dog ate crust) 1 pristiq 24 1/2 hrs since last cry
username (2) maximizing revenue for overall exelon fleet
shelby the crestor a tru chick love her
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
rt username is it hot in here or am i just depressed? fda just approved an antidepressant--paxil-- for hot flashes. see my story: …
you're not going to find a pigmy on paxil hastag ellendegeneres hastag hereandnow
username can u make viox a logo plz
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” banana
username i hope i spelled miralax right
refile-regeneron's eylea improves vision in another eye disorder
username username i have used forever. started with nexium and moved to other brand, finally generic. it's come down in price a lot.
denosumab injection temporarily stopped, it's not helping the pain.
my trazodone has b een ready since tuesday but we havent gone to pick it up yet n probably wont get to til this weekend and im in hell
sophomores wanting suboxone and doing them are going no where in life lol and a heads up to sophomores only tale 1/4 or you will projectile
this might be the exhaustion, percocet, and oxycodone talking but: buhhh hurrr de durrrrr.. zzzzz....
starting baclofen today....weeeeee hooooooo! bring on some relief! hastag mssucks hastag painsucksmore hastag musclespasmsouch
dtr-might be time for an exelon patch mom-i don't it's b/c i'm hot and sweaty! what if you had to cut you're grass everyday?! hastag truestory
asap need for free this medicines or samples: saphris 15 mg sublingual nalerona. 50 mgrs. in chile..thanks
second, they're seriously selling seroquel on the streets if nola/in general?! get that shit outta here. hastag aintnobodygottimeforthat
cs on cipla: advair generic is a nearly $800 mn mdi market in europe
username have you ever tried viibryd yet? i have hella issues with antidepressants but that's what i'm on right now and it's kinda a miracle
username username not breaking news to my family. i just woke up to give my flu shot recipient husband his tamiflu and tylenol.
username username elizabeth said cough remedies of old like gees linctus and owbridges may contain laudanum and be soporific ?
not allowed to give methadone or buprenorphine to treat addiction unless in federally-mandated methadone clinic.  hastag foamed hastag emconf
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza. gee, thanks victoza, i'm sure you saved countless lives of stupid people.
username good move. actonel is pretty hardcore. good drug but finely balanced between good crazy.
gotta sell some xarelto today.
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
welcome the 2005 zinfandel from bird glen winery entangles sleep-inducing mesquite elements with a intense albuterol aftertaste. ولمن
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
lol my act study book tells you not to take adderall before the test, listen up kids pill
the lozenge helped cease the coughing in the afternoon why isnt it helping now
kyowa hakko kirin files aranesp for japanese approval for anemia with myelodysplastic syndrome; the filing qualifies for priority review
bud burnett hastag maaua14 | cites username nightly v ondemand sildenafil shows no benefit to nightly drug for return of erectile function
username ciprofloxacin i have a uti that's spread into my kidneys
dr reddy's: launches levalbuterol inhalation solution
hyper af! i feel like a bird on vyvanse
amid resolutions on hastag rahway redevelopment agency mtg agenda (6:30, hamilton stage) is presentation on 489-unit meridia brownstones
hastag lilly q2 revenue up 6% ($329m) over q2 last year, on strength of cialis and cymbalta growth.
username antara fans dan hatters
username loperamide beaming face with smiling eyes
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
lly_$49.41_fda has approved updates to the full u.s.pi for tradjenta registered tablets and jentadueto registered tablets
new item for sale: sildenafil citrate female use hyperlink
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
yay for lorazepam, venlafaxine beer.
whenever i have to take my advair in public people stare at me in horror like i'm snorting coke or something. hastag asthmaprobs
vyvanse and music is the best combination since spaghetti and meatballs. nigga.
username username nope. that's myth. fda says synthroid is unstable and varies in potency but natural desiccated thyroid from &gt;&gt;
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hastag pleasebeworthit
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
hey, it's 'murphy' in that nexium commercial. hastag znation
3 cups of miralax later...that's my dinner face with tears of joy
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
liquor liver. suboxone under my tongue.
'new' branded paroxetine 7.5mg capsule indicated for hot flashes? that's what we call bullshit medicine.
i just heard when nicki minaj said she put em to sleep now they calling her nyquil...when did the lunesta twins become triplets username
username nope, was on hastag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hastag humira since dec 2012. hastag rheum
forgot to pick up my lunesta from the pharmacy .. haha username
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hastag onedoseleft
username advair probably?
username thanks judy!!!! feeling much better now!!! that tamiflu really works!!!! hope you are better too!!! face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss
update...2 weeks of miralax and fiber and emma seems better. she is eating ! :)
her pupils are oxycontin her tongue is suboxone strip
tried nexium for the first time last night. i also think that that's what did it. but the side effects that i heard people were having..lawd
username in my exhaustion i assumed it would've been the fluoxetine, as i had vivid dreams when i first went on it too...
im on latuda 40mg... still no lettah,kall,vist; from who eveh tnks im a threat to myself ;sighs of sigh/sigh of krys hyperlink
for those following the progress of my artplague chest infection, using less ventolin and breathing a lot easier! the power of hastag cheektocheek
username be carefulllll you could mess yourself up like that flushed face flushed face my friend has to take miralax everyday due to her abusing laxatives flushed face
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
username another one for you, women prepare yourself for username with the gag lozenge now available hyperlink
if you are prone to osteoporosis attempt actonel - ...
funny thing is,terr was thi one pharmacist came and asked me in chinese where is the location of celecoxib in the pharmacy.
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
username you should update your website. belviq is available.
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
anyone any experience with eylea for dme any better than lucentis. been offered both just wondering which is best
paramore - the only exception ni mmg antara lagu yg i rase cam perghhhhhhh nice
katie and john know whats up tonight music lyrica are pretty strong OK hand victory hand
that means the copd has not progressed for 3 months an the advair is working. the dr prescribed honey once a day only :)
username hahaha give him some imodium , its good for diarrhea loool
username doing surprisingly well. latuda has been doing its job. i miss our conversations as well
reach laptops amid the shapes i myself have to: viox
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
i stared at my lunesta for a moment and then called it my precious in a gollum voice before taking it... i might be weird. maybe.
username the ssri title such as prozac and fluoxetine are less likely to cause weight gain in the short term and possibly long term
hastag adcomms this week: crdacs tuesday nebivolol/valsartan wednesday aspirin/statin/anti-hypertensive emdacs thursday liraglutide friday natpara
pradaxa is a blood thinning medication used to reduce the risk of stroke in patients with (af), commonly known as irregular heartbeat.
this guy just injected something in himself at the shuttle stop i hope it was a victoza pen... flushed face
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
saxagliptin achieves noninferiority in hastag savor-timi 53 - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
blood pressure lowering drug aliskiren did not improve coronary artery disease for patients with prehypertension aquarius study finds htt...
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
. piling xanax on risperdone when they were already administering paxil lunesta on top of the required hastag betablocker just so i'd answer the
username find one for yourself viox that's what i did
username username remember when we went to play bingo and i was high on oxycodone because my kidneys suck? thx 4 not killing me
username i have a brand new advair diskus. are you still trading for guest spots?
hastag anthonybourdain asks on his show tonight, was it big pharma? then during break, back-to-back ads for humira, crestor osphena. hastag irony
*me on the intro to my rap song* yo shout out to my prozac prescription and my girlfriend who doesn't really like me that much 2006 shit boi
username username username username ill never forget the time she drew on me while wearing a nuvaring hyperlink
username manufacturer of the medication avandia to look the other way lift all the restrictions on the medication and watch people die.
antara jonru dan gus sahal *another topic
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
username switched to suboxone at 20mg so i'm not sure how critical dispensing accuracy is at low doses, but i bet its pretty important
implanon, a flexible plastic rod inserted in the upper arm skin contains 68mg of etonogestrel substance, believed to prevent pregnancy person gesturing OK
username so, cymbalta is going generic. yep that's about all i've got in the drug industry at the moment.
username avandia - at least 100, 000 apparently... seroxa-paxil - at least a few tens of thousands, myodil- countless..
username happy wheezers ... we are now on singular and advair (am and pm), and so far it's actually working.
i don't care how much your company tries to make your throat lozenge taste amazing, it still taste disgusting after the first few minutes.
a list of failed medicine: prozac, wellbutrin, cymbalta, ativan, seroquel.
alstom to build $112m generators for exelon gas plants - law360 (subscription)
username oh good. pregabalin worked for me when nothing else did. fingers crossed that it improves things for you.
username not to b too personal but do u have ra? my wife does and on enbrel for 6 weeks. still n lots of pain how long b4 relief?
username i've bipolar ii, currently on lamictal, seroquel, cipralex and diazepam. should i fast or not, my doctor isn't a moslem. thanks
i hate tamiflu
username xigris was taken off the market a few years ago. it was deemed ineffective. i think you and ryan eisner would disagree.
persaingan sengit di antara fahmi dan mal. but fahmi nail it! he got the look,face and voice.omg♡ hastag mentorlegend
underwear drew looking younger boss the glue strip. control sign, watches movies at a bad temper crestor teeth dog poo angelina jolie
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
username but you'll leave me again. i am going to need cymbalta to help my depression now.
username as it is chuttesi chethilo pedathadu antara
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
when i can't sleep i start list the drugs i know if alphabetical order - abciximab, acamprosate, alendronate... zzzzzz(olpidem, opiclone)...
despite having abilify in my system, i felt so uncontrollably energetic without viibryd and vyvanse that i worked out a sweat!
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
warning: lunesta tweets coming soon
very interesting data about liraglutide effects on alzheimer's model, heart hypoxia tolerance, bone metabolism and in psoriasis
damn, if that's what boniva does for a girl- sign me up hastag oscars hastag sallyfield
your my cymbalta cuz you halp
username wtf did i type. ducolax*. imodium does the opposite. lol
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
they will never be hall of fame material like cialis crestor username
username rapunzel using her hair for grabs. meridia using her bow for range and summining bears. snow white using the dwarves.
username fuck is right , i need lunesta lol
when paula dean spoke for victoza an expensive drug normal people couldn't afford, that's when i felt she was a traitor. happy she's gone
ask phil mickelson if enbrel gave him charles manson eyes.
looooooooooool username animals are committing suicide. depression hurts. cymbalta can help. hastag teenwolf
dominique wilkins doing victoza commercials now?
in my case added2health care costs signigicantly because forced to switch from avonex (which took at home&amp; is safer) to tysabri (take at dr)
username username username username username the only rx i take is baclofen.
i'm supposed to start taking my lamictal today. i don't know if i can do it
ashley sold someone adderall and now she's convinced that she is going to get arrested and go to jail...
ventolin is like magic, and i feel like a wizard right now!
i might pop this adderall but.
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
i wish my flovent case wasn't orange )-:
username nexium rulezzzz
username also, if you can get darvocet instead of vicodin, i’ve always found that it works better.
tysabri has given me a renewed lease on life. however it has done nothing to stop my fistulas and abscesses and thus this week has been hell
username really?! do they have a member of staff to wipe afterwards? what hotel is it? imodium would cost less!
username after the prozac made me crazy we tried a bunch of things and eventually viibryd worked for me. it's pretty pricy though
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
prolia side effects increase risk of low-trauma fractures: public citizen hastag fosamax hastag news hastag warningsandstudies
fosamax cheap price.low cost fosamax usa,uk :online pharmacy n 86892
username the title says tiotropium but they actually talk about another drug in the paragraph
username does she take a regular albuterol inhaler or even have anything prescribed? i've had advair that i would take once a day.
username 20mg omreprazole i also have asthma and 2 inhalers diclofenac gel + 30mg nefopam 4 3 x a day diazepam when req'd 5-10mg
weather alert: imodium ad warning for reggae and popmorn counties in st until 9:30 am nst
ge inks more than $500 million power equipment order with exelon
username don't forget about victoza! way too many side effects with metformin. victoza got my a1c down to 5.9 grinning face with smiling eyes great meeting you!!
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
does anyone have any idea where on the new cipro website one can check if a company name exists/ does not exist on their database?
that crestor commercial with the worlds biggest crestor fan makes me cringe every time i see it
ahh lamotrigine, it would be bad not to take you, we'll i could miss a dose, but not several
username is that why you took a seroquel too.. is it like a knock-off phenergan? haven't had benadryl in 4ever. maybe my answer for insomnia.
just waiting for some lunesta to kick in. yup, i'm such a baller. or is it a thug life? hastag oldpeopletweets
im am kojak !!! you can look the word up !!! hastag prozac&amp;cocaine  hastag lyrical &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; and i made it my name !! my name is my name type shit
i feel like im gonna overdose on this fluticasone
i've been tweeting a lot. blame it on the vyvanse. i usually don't find myself that interesting..
i am thankful for imodium
hastag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin noninferior to placebo for cv death, nonfatal mi/stroke in hastag diabetics at high cv risk - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
how can you tell when you've had enough caffeine... when you have lunesta on board for two hours and u still barely blink.
(2) although the basement space has been designed by a fen sui specialist, i am so depressed at the thought of being in a basement ,
username and maybe a ventolin nebulizer with w a beta blocker iv push
i think i've had too much ventolin oh no
username hastag myboyfriendnotallowedto vent to other female ? wtf she aint dr.phil nor a therapist ? depressed ? get cymbalta.”
might as well take a vyvanse, wait for this to possibly end, then go to class in the morning.
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hastag arthritisprobs
i really want a hastag daedra for a cat. thinking meridia or azura for the name for our new little miss we will be bringing home next week. hastag meow
gps: turn right actor in xarelto commercial: i don't think so!!!
tradjenta . trade your jen until you become young.
username i was diagnosed in '10, but tysabri's great. risks are bigger than the others but i feel so much better it's worth it.
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
what's up insomnia? it's a little too late to take a trazodone now... hastag fuck hastag whatissleep
username i'm on effexor and i deal with the same thing!
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
rt username username she/he looks a little hazy...seroquel?
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
triangular lyft salad gather diarrhea google nexus. gillette sweet tomtoes guess enbrel pyorrhea smarter than a moron.
but thank you, doctor, for seroquel.
on november 21, 2003 the food and drug administration approved tadalafil (as cialis) for sale in the united states as the third ed prescrip
linagliptin can be used as monotheraphy
username viibryd didn't work for me. fully well aware how to wean off meds. :-)
periop pregabalin in thr reduced opioid, improved pain up to 1 wk. nil function diff 6wks-6 months. 184 pts rct hastag shieldsday2014
symbicort contains ford motor oil? no thanks.
username i’d take the nexium before it becomes chronic (aka. irreversible) although mines good since i cut coffee completely but still
i have got to get me a bowling ball with a crestor logo on it. hastag baller
username cipro is poison whether it's expired or not!
username if they don't work for you try fexofenadine and talk to your doc in case of contraindications with paxil
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
mum in hospital receiving zoledronic acid by intravenous infusion for next 6 hours.
username username good idea, although if we're after a therapeutic solution i'd start with imodium ...
hastag nejmchat more on max dose of valsartan: valsartan 160mg bid seems equivalent to captopril 50mg tid (valiant) and enalapril 10mg bid...
username my childhood friend with hastag crohns did well on enbrel for years before it stopped working (price unbelievable here in us)
username lol i'm gonna go nexium and ill let u know how it works username
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
this is what happens when you run out of lithium seroquel get on st john's wort for spare pills.
like advair is a good as drug for me
username username this show will go well with my lunesta
this higher dose of hastag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
is losing people sent tradjenta to singapore
username i have extra prednisone and symbicort inhaler you can use. it will help!
username i've been quite disappointed by the cochrane says tamiflu is crap responses i've had. i can just imagine the i read a papers
who should be be promoted to nexium lead ? bama gible or d6b
i'm here username the thalidomide society agm in loughborough. nasty drive up yesterday; great hotel even though i had surprise cold shower!
username is one prozac???? you are funny when you call him that!
i'm going to need ventolin after this... hastag sonsofanarchy hastag soa
in the pharmacy we have a medication called diovan and everytime i dispense it i think of dio driving an ice cream van
username i take 5omg needle injections enbrel and my ra specialist just took me off of methorexate horrible meds chemo at home now im
november focuses on diabetes and health. did you know if you are on metformin you can have decreased levels of b12?
username i'm pretty sure the symptoms for cymbalta are worse than being depressed” hastag sotrue
username i never tried suboxone i figured it was like tramadol
username username i used victoza for 6weeks while preparing for comrades while recovering from a muscle strain, it worked
username what is the best for anixity effexor or pristiq? thanks doctor.
username great but sad prog yesterday re thalidomide and just watched the program. thanks
username gosh me too it really works and so does the neurontin why won't they approve you for dilaudid!!
some adderall would go great with this project
maybe i should invest in some latuda
fda finds pradaxa linked to lower stroke, brain hemorrhage risk: a food and drug administration analysis found the blood thinner prad...
was playing skyrim and i had a thought. is the same voice actor as meridia the same voice actor for merideth from da2?  hastag da2 hastag skyrim
me: i hate life *rants 20 min.* sissy: you should see a doctor about zoloft or paxil so you stop freaking out.. or just smoke a joint.
serves 24? no it didn't.  send help. and someone with 500mg metformin asap. hyperlink
username called humira nurse, she said most are exposed to the virus that causes it by adulthood but to call dr if i got symptoms. :/
username a little metoprolol between friends?
so cool!!! username p.rosenfeld: eylea might be better at reducing size of peds. va gains may be better in eyes without peds hastag retina”
tonado trade mark study shows further lung function and quality of life benefits with tiotropium + olodaterol respimat registered fixed dose combination in c...
username tell lyrica follow me back bruh
md prescribed nexium (esomeprazole) for pt w/ gastritis. rn gives med a.30 minutes before meals b.with meals c.qhs d.30 minutes after meals
username baby does not have a name yet, mama is lunesta and papa is nero
is that a sorafenib i see before me?
sally field keeps my boniva strong.
pergolide is used to treat what condition in horses? #2016eq2fa
username certainly is the only thing left for mnkd to sell - weaker effect need pfts before starting like exubera - wow
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
username thanks i've got symbicort at the mo but doesn't seem to be as good
neuro said still need to stay on both keppra and lamictal. follow up again in a few weeks.
good night meridia i love you everything is okay babe i'm here for you and always will be have fun upnorth call me when you're home red heart face blowing a kiss
username replacing keppra vimpat right now
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
congrats to my tysabri team! hard work! rt username we just won a silver hastag addyaward for digital media, video! congrats team! hastag aafnational
liraglutide getting a licence for obesity by next year... hastag pharmacyhorizon
im up after 4am and took my suboxone and zans waiting for them to kick in while i drink my cup joe#.
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
they call me lunesta because i send my enemies to their eternal slumber
gsk and theravance announce submission to us regulatory authorities for fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in asthma
victoza was the cause of your cancer
username i'm a fan of maridia - mostly for the bit where you smash the glass tunnel ^^~
after hearing username username username talk about adderall the benefits this morning, i think i may need to pursue some.
username a month for just my bystolic pills for hypertension induced as a result of the american government using my body as a secret
username username we will incorporate this januvia into fried chicken batter
antara gta dan sleeping dogs :v
who invents drug names? latuda? might be awesome but it sounds like man, you've got a latuda there!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
rt username today's journal club: quetiapine reduces icu delirium in small db rct. important as little/no other evidence exits: hyperlink
$regn: eylea sales just missed by about $20m; company maintains guidance, says it was inventory. could hurt biotech sector.
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
right now i would normally smoke dank ass weed but i'll just take 2.5mg of saphris and go back to bed.
username username t take avodart i do not get up middle of night to pee anymore what a releif get it it works
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
username mhmmmmm open the suboxone clinic you'll be just fine.
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
username totally new meds. weaned off venlafaxine and now getting pregabalin dose up before i can start what they want me on. i'm not
username ps that advice about taking metformin at night that you got from your friend is really helping me!
username and that dude in the crestor commercial... hastag throatpunch
new onset dm: ed interventions include diet/exercise education, if you elect to start med metformin 1st line if not contraind hastag emconf hastag vcuem
i'd be so lost without those enbrel folks. they are tenacious and firm, but non-threatening. thanks, big pharma! syringe  beating heart  blossom
username hahaha the drink is called a seizure! the vimpat stops them!
wells fargo demonstrates z as its most cost effient platform for delivering business value username  hastag ibmpulse
hastag annoying hastag colleague admitted hastag ocd been on hastag paxil for years
username it's natural to try to ignore! when do you start enbrel?
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
ibuprofen was the most commonly prescribed agent (51% of current users), followed by diclofenac (27%), etodolac (11%), naproxen (3%),
according to the fda, people who take a bisphosphonate drug such as fosamax may be at risk for an atypical subtrochanteric femur fracture.
username i am on victoza on trial and i seem to be in remission
username they say they generally give olanzapine to anorexics, and the one you're on to bulimics x
username u bet. he was the vioxx hero for merck. estimates had merck paying upward of $25 billion in claims. he fought every case. &lt;$6 b
the shits: methocarbamol (muscle relaxer), hydroxyzine (anti-anxiety), vyvanse (adhd), buprenorphine and clonidine hcl (blood pressure)
suboxone is my anti-drug
love miralax commercials staking a claim to the use of lax as a fun abbreviation and liberating constipated lacrosse fans everywhere
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
shit! i'm running out of nicotine supplements ! cigarette
lol username all the pills in my system right now oxycodone heavy check mark tramedol heavy check mark 600 mg ibuprofen heavy check mark  plus some weed heavy check mark
username username gotcha, and read it, i didn't know it was a exelon site as i am a share holder of exelon, thanks for the input
love having to whip out my albuterol inhaler when i'm sick beating heart
username next time you visit your doc mate enquire about nexium as thats what i am on and it works great
don't sell; supply. legal difference rt username username username but you still sell varenicline now even knowing it's dangers
username ( hastag darkelsasl) - better than she could have ever imagined. the smile that meridia have her made her heart soar. she looked -
username one that people always use as an example is vioxx , it was known to be dangerous but still sold
username i love my trazodone. like my lifesaver.
i'm taking oxycontin and oxycodone . pain too real bruh .
username username username shout out to his kids, ethinyl, estradiol, and norethindrone
lmfao niggas got bonifa from that boniva shit for women lmaoo like wtf was in our minds
hastag fmt brandt: protocol in rec. dci: d/c antibiotics 2-3 days before, colon prep night before, loperamide before procedure.
. username ..i have so much to say about this. but..well , you know . i can't . meanwhile there was not one lozenge in cvs this morning.
username they should teach you how to take advair bc you did it incorrectly
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
username i've taken 8 gabapentin and 4 tramadol. i'm wide awake and feeling high! i've got no nytol, need to buy some
username and i can function to let her out/get her water (whatever) and then go back to sleep. before lunesta i would be up the rest
username pretty much!!! cannot wait till my shot treatments are over and i don't need the symbicort anymore.
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
someone broke into our apartment and stole tons of money and my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face confounded face weary face face screaming in fear
hastag mylifewouldbecompleteif the lamotrigine had the same binding properties as lamictal.
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
username yep bro!i took diabetic tabs!hv u taken ur medication for impotence bro viz sildenafil citrate huh? username username
i really need ventolin these days !
username glad that had quotes. i was gonna say, no one that gets a cold ever weekend is a rockstar. maybe a tamiflu commercial star.
eliquis sounds like horse medicine.
username $mnkd so the question is that easy-to-use will make afrezza a success while exubera failed miserably? let's see.
username the zyprexa would be a good med to get on consistently. as an atypical anti-psychotic it's good for the manic type symptoms
hastag coffee hastag weightloss supplement contains banned rx drug sibutramine which was taken off market due to hastag cardiovascular risks hastag buyerbeware
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
the packers only movers gurgaon do out of spike respecting perfected lozenge nice workers.
username get diclofenac or have this done like wot i did! hyperlink
can't seem to find an episode of intervention for all the drugs i got put on as a kid that i can't get off. huh wonder why- *paxil ad plays*
username haha i dunno. it's got hastag jimmydocherty bummer of hastag jamieoliver so perhaps? who knows? i'm on gabapentin after all!
username then i wouldn't they have those protocols in for a reason. plus not all asthma is the same so what advair would do for him
username username denosumab is a mab and less expensive than the mabs currently used against ra. prices should fall! hastag arthritischat
i want vyvanse in my life right now.
latuda is medication for people struggling with bipolar disorder. just going to put that out in the universe...
username hi lozenge :') hastag missyou
does acupuncture have a role in improving taxane neuropathy? mda has shown bortezomib ind neuropathy improve by acupuncture.
thank you based fluticasone propionate
username username username to but i'm currently on pregabalin whilst i start work.
do any hastag pots pts have experience with symbicort for airway (not pots)? hastag potsprobs. hastag spoonies, please rt
fda requested clinical trial data from the manufacturer of saxagliptin to investigate a possible association between use of the type
username my advair asthma inhale (my ins won't cover). us $250.00 spain $65.00 ecuador $30.00 smith klein glaxo....what's the deal?
username maybe! i was taking a drug called gabapentin for 2 yrs for nerve pain that stopped the migraines as well. i've come off it.
i hope my kids never get asthma. smh you should see me and carlos grabbing for our pumps and advair lately. hastag nerdy
frazier was merck general counsel&amp;wascredited with minimising payouts to vioxx dead victims families.it killed ppl; heart attacks/strokes
username username are you on armour? or are you doing synthroid and cytomel? i find the t3 drug helps.
you eat at pf chang with michael crabtree. you order cheddar pea imodium ad with cartoonist sauce.
thanks to username for a great username on hastag glp1 treatments and exposing the scary weightloss drug hastag victoza
nexium sign! we have nexium sign! hastag znation
username i mean i'm all for legalizing i'm just saying taking something legal is easier but i take my vyvanse&amp;smoke weed  hastag legalize
rt@brokeymcpoverty: i hope boniva is still working for her” i literally lol'ed face with tears of joy
i feel so good holy shit ativan and flovent or w/e is real nice
drgotti:no significant dif. between bosertanandsildenafil apart from d fact that sildenafil allowsyou to do more exercise hastag lol hastag esccongress
username is the effect a postop temporising measure, given start rivaroxiban 10h post thr/tkr which would offset some effects of txa?
username i just doubt it. plus, shd did withdraw and suboxone would've stopped that too. and once you get thru those first few days
username for sure. at the end of the day suboxone is just substituting one addiction (albeit a less harmful 1) for another
time for asthma to act up again. last few weeks. starting advair again. luckily asthma is more an annoyance than anything usually.
cipro, levaquin, avelox and all other fluoroquinolones are dangerous drugs that can have devastating effects
i'm saying that and my drugs of choice are nicotine and caffeine, which are both already legal. hastag bazinga
username he won't say it's arthritis because he prob has an agreement with enbrel not to!
:-/ i had a 4mg nicotine lozenge in my hand, and then it wasn't there. did i swallow it, thinking it was a med?!
we all went to high school with that guy in the crestor commercial.
username lexapro ruins everything. pristiq is much better.
username i started with rebif but developed cellulitis so now i take tecfidera 2x daily
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
i hate the tamiflu commercial with the giant guy because nothing is to scale hastag tamiflu hastag thermometeristoobig
eliquis commercial just now. one of it's benefits is less major bleeding than the competitor. oh boy, yeah, makes me want to sign up!
bayer files for eu approval of eylea for diabetic macular edema
if i hear that song by pink fun. one more time i am going to put an entire bottle of trazodone into a milkshake, drink it accept my fate
username neurontin works wonders to stop the burning and electric shock feeling. talk to you doc if you don't already take it.
i need to get back on my advair
and with that i seriously just considered crushing a lunesta into a blunt so i can sleep ha. a lu banger.  fuck
username username aciphex you can drink kerosene
he gave me a paper on thalidomide to read and discuss next week. sad times
unfollowers hurt, cymbalta can help
'a ciprofloxacin resistant bacterium in the microbiota is responsible for norovirus persistence' but not yet identified bacterium hastag cmhh
username can i take that with prozac? i'm bipolar
username you need cholcocine to break down the crystals then try febuxostat on 1 a day...miles better
please get your flu shot . • less tamiflu i will have to fill and less sick ppl i will come into contact with = happy and healthy dtree. smiling face with smiling eyes syringe
i miss my friends. i hate being in quarantine. i want french fries. tamiflu is nasty. i need company. i hate the flu. i'm allowed to pout. loudly crying face
kevin yarasheski of wash u shows good safety profile of sitaglipton for use in hastag hiv
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hastag health2con
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hastag nightmare hastag bloodbath
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
username username shame that idiots depth venlafaxine never my words, but the ignorance of their interpretation
$bdsi to predict the outcome of 2nd phase 3 bema buprenorphine - we have to travel back in time sept2011 when it announced a negative p3
username thanks micheal, i'll just be taking shots of tamiflu and nyquil face with medical mask
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
.@nirs did some calculations - a new contract for exelon could cost rochester-area ratepayers over 100 millions dollars a year with ginna.
username liars. my estranged hubby is one so i know that all too well, i hope i'm wrong because suboxone is bad, too.
cymbalta can ////not//// help
if your dick explodes and your eyes fall out, stop taking spiriva and call your doctor.
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
username if he was talking about lunesta or sexual harrasment his opinion would matter. it doesn't matter on coaching.
username apparently there's an ingredient in ventolin to help relax the vocals temporarily
dr just called me to let me know he won't be refilling my humira until i see you. so here's to weeks of waning health.
ranbaxy laboratories -gets usfda nod for valsartan: agencies alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
lamictal - buffer measures: .pdt
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
pregabalin or gabapentin for cancer pain? what does the evidence suggest? username
username pepto bismol and imodium had me.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” the 9th doctor :d
username that was hilarious, i loved the thalidomide and orthopaedic surgery references face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username username hah, i'm not, but situation demands journalistic honesty. personally think eylea is best drug. value of less inj
bullwinkle spotted another word invented by commercials... victoza crazy that scientific discoveries are so far behind! catch up scientists!
username cause of liver problems so i'm taking tradjenta instead. i wish you much luck with pcos.  that's really series stuff
paxil remains on the market despite its increasing the risk of suicide. call toll free to speak with an attorney. 1.888.520.5202.
update: my enbrel was denied...i have to have two failed systemic drugs before approval... hastag plaquenil for now.
i think you new cymbalta
username which crestor guy? the one who uses a gps to drive around his hometown? that annoying guy?
username username username pain , pregabalin helps but getting less effective, so increasing my morphine intake to try keep pain
oxycodone is beautiful in helping numb my pain. thank god for this prescription or i would be miserable
y'all know where i can get some sodium diclofenac at this hour?
$regn - big eylea revenue miss $359m vs $408m consensus. co. blames inventory de-stocking., says demand actually increased.
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
username ... which is why i will still probably use atorvastatin instead.
username username username e-fucking-xactly! know how long i was still getting darvocet scripts after it was taken off the market
username i bounce from prilosec to nexium depending on whats on sale.
i think username is...mt: username anyone on cimzia? any positives or negatives compared to enbrel or humira?
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
(adds analyst comment, details of aranesp recall, updates share price)
what's up with everyone wanting adderall all of the sudden? it's the 4th quarter of school what the hell do u need to focus on at this point
cs on cipla: market's expectation on advair too optimistic
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
tw/ / / / / we have deducted that i have fcked up my throat from retching so much  and they told me to take a nexium pffft
lunesta plz
username he probably means vedolizumab. it's like tysabri but supposedly safer. as an immunosuppressant makes things worse in the long run.
$regn - looks like they are slightly increasing their full-year eylea net sales guidance from $1.3-$1.35b to $1.35-$1.375b
i'm not saying everyone knows you're a junkie...i'm just sayin' as soon as you texted me,an ad for suboxone popped up on my phone hastag truestory
ritalin seems to be working fairly decent for me. saphris however seems too strong tastes bad. hastag new meds
depression isn't easy; cymbalta can help.
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
heroes ki potiga fights chesthundhi vijaya santhi.. watching vyjayanthi movie in maa movies
username try ventolin tablet.
if you survive the latuda regiment, you're no longer bipolar! the entire commercial is a gauntlet of side-effects things to avoid
a fishy albuterol perfume and nihilistic clam undertones are united in the 1994 red zinfandel from nerf winery. hastag abscbntradelaunch
medical marijuana now being compared to thalidomide by head of louisiana sheriffs association.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
* username great job showing extreme close-up of glaxo's paxil. whose idea--yours or your producers? hastag pharmashill username username
tamiflu would make great pasties
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
username tadalafil cialis factory in china with high quality and nice price. please contact bob@pharmade.com hyperlink
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username get some
... cymbalta can help..
username username yiiikes stop drink water. pee. take a cipro. continue on with day. get some urogesic blue works wonders! pill
so i google what seroquel is and thats for depression so now a nigga feels light as fuck and i was panicking
username yep correct. took it for 2 years of hell, then went on infliximab , then humira and then surgery.
21.43 day 25 rivaroxaban diary. think all rvxbn nowq out of my body but losartan (last 25mg tablet taken 4 days ago) remains. still aching.
username hadn’t heard you had as: good luck on the biologics - my enbrel for psoriatic arth (often undiagnosed) has worked wonders.
well... i'm home. they gave me oxycodone and a muscle relaxer for the pain. i'm not planning on taking the oxycodone unless i really need it
username call me dumb but what does nexium due again
stop being a fucking asshole just write the damned prescriptions for some oxycodone, ventolin hfa, advair diskus 250/50 stool softeners!
just a reminder that this week are the fishing tournaments monday for meridia and tuesday for akatosh so get your bait ready
what is tiotropium (spiriva)?
username you can try loperamide eonnie
username the antiviral drugs oseltamivir and zanamivir - which are used to treat infection with human seasonal viruses -- also show activi
username username username prozac has a long half life so doesn't matter if you miss. effexor and cymbalta have short half life.
ad: its quicker and more effient to! *small print* discpaimer if ur foot gets cut off from broken glass on the street. all conditions apply.
username username ...i think hastag kacihickox is the new poster child for imodium a-d...or preparation h
username oh wow, yeah i bruise easily too. those practice pens (i was on humira for a while.)
it ain't love it's just like nicotine..
sounds like everyone needs a big dose of cymbalta tonight
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
imodium (loperamide hcl) hastag blessed
condoms, the pill, nuvaring, depo shot, diaphragm, iud, patch, etc. stop having fucking children if you aren't prepared.
rt username upgrading to a newer, more energy-effient car? donate your old one to woodstock sanctuary! we accept donations... http…
username username butting in....cymbalta is no joke! i hated that medication...once and never again!
username oh so guess who found a random darvocet somewhere… and guess who also found out that her internist does a ua every appointment???
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
username i don't want to go against my puritanical values but will playing frisbee with a nuvaring affect my period? hastag drhobbylobby
username nexium with an occasional pepcid ac kicker is all that works for me. do you have your pillows propping upper body up? &lt;3
challenged the health minister to ensure that welsh patients with wet amd can benefit from eylea as soon as possible.
there is a growing trend toward use of combination of sorafenib + hastag chemoembolization in hastag hcc. - dr. geschwind hastag wcio2014 hastag tace
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
rt username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy rt username username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i …
sucampo files patent infringement lawsuit against dr reddy's for amitiza username username username username
username tell them to make a meridia statue so i can have one to match my tattoo! azura was a close second. nicely done!
username price action last 2 days not good but i'll add. not sure why u a comparing to zelnorm which has been recalled due to cardiac events
username you're actually a fucking bunch of down syndrome thalidomide victims, sort your servers out for fuck sake
username $arna note: hastag fenfluramine hastag belviq not chem cousins - fen hit 5-htb2 receptor (valvuopathy) but hastag belviq specific to 5-htc2
username oh. my. god. right?! it's like i don't pay fifteen american dollars a month to watch this boniva ad. why aren't i fastforwarding?
username adjusting to fiber and miralax
paroxetine cinnamon toast crunch
eliquis ain't right for anybody naming all the donts of the tablets sounds like you risking more
username ta, i'll get straight on that. jo also on her way home with a diclofenac stash. never had this before!
listening to villalobos rmx of blood on our hands scroned as fuck bc i took an oxybutynin so life is chill at this exact moment
username its a useless emotion, i only get it when my prozac wears off
username it's a lozenge. like cough drop
taking vyvanse in the summer is insane
the latest treatment may not be the best as benefits harms are not known hastag gp14conference e.g vioxx, tamiflu, pradaxa hastag noadsplease
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
i think i'm going to start leaving my nuvaring in for 4 weeks and only have a period every 3 months
do you know what medications are r for mania? currently hastag fda approved: hastag quetiapine aka hastag seroquel
username lunesta and ambien sales must be up in that arena.
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
holy shit…gained an hour? or am i off too much lunesta
username username or mental health, or, say, suboxone treatment in some cases. i want to say it's worked some places.
rt username pam analysis of eliquis review docs shows approval delayed by fraud, dispensing errors in pivotal trial [free] hyperlink
username are drs. prescribing percocet, oxycontin, and hydrcodone because darvon and darvocete--pain relievers that worked are gone?
it's probably a good thing i'm not on adderall that i don't regularly drink coffee. i'm like a kid on halloween after tons of candy now.
so the commercial for victoza spends 5 seconds on what it is and then a good 90 seconds going over side effects....
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
i need to stop the vyvanse that shit can fuck with your head
username it's that viibryd lol makes me lol literally almost lost it
username username can you get imodium there also?
username why would we trust those who only make $$ when we're sick? follow the profit motive. merck killed with vioxx and now gardasil
impede marc anthony labor day advair diskus losing used kotter ministry latter toad stool softener? wane cat's cradles dog play moo
username zach viox started a fencing club at elder
username thanks thats good to know. i was thinking of drugs like ivabradine rivoroxaban for acs
i have the flu.. i do not want to run around searching for a pharmacy with tamiflu in stock. please get your crap together, publix.
effexor is no joke man. smh
hastag np a greath big world- already home [next] id stat- artis male [next] d'masiv- di antara kalian [next] cher lioyd- sirens. hastag whatsup
the cop claims he felt a gun in rumain's pocket, shot him twice in the torso. turns out that gun was a bottle of oxycodone pills....
flu increases pge2 pdc, decreases interferon to death of immune cells. inhibiting pge2 w bextra or vioxx or improves survival !  hastag influenza
username i thought she took thalidomide ?
when tf is this lunesta gonna kick in?
i am not saying you are a whore but an umbrella is not the same as a nuvaring
medications like methadone suboxone let people live productive lives while reducing the use of illegal drugs. hastag heroinhitshome
i finally finished the chemical structure for saphris for my chemistry project! :) i feel so accomplished! :) x) hyperlink
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
formularies w all arv, acei, metformin in high tiers. result? pts w chronic dz charged more, can't enroll hastag pnhp2014 hastag healthcareequality
username username username a fair, generous victim's fund flattens the issue. see merck / vioxx for a template. hastag alltherightmoves
username adderall had you like
news: james cameron surfs shampoo jovial marmalade. no flood netflix yugoslavia. your nexium poo abraham lincoln conduct a moron i.q.
sitagliptin pretreatment in diabetes patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome resultsfromtheacute.../cardiovasc diabetol.2013;12(53)
too late for my nexium now. being old is bullshit
i have a dr appt tomorrow i have no idea what i’m going to tell him. i thought my effexor was working fine up until maybe a week ago.
username heard of pharmacists giving to pts instead of symbicort because it's cheaper, but not checking or teaching technique
my mom comes downstairs and says meridia were is all the cookies lol i tole her we ate like 5 each a day
rt username she whispers throatily bring me a lozenge...a penis lozenge. *sore throat inspired erotic tweet
a door opened and banged shut and there was silence. order boniva without prescription buy advair diskus no…
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
aranesp is one of the scariest things i've ever encounter for so many reasons...
username is it? i'm not sure. i was given enbrel first. but yes ... fingers firmly crossed for third time lucky this year hastag psoriasis
username i do agree with that but he's just not the qb for this offence, we need a smart effient qb and thag just not him
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
bortezomib approved for previously untreated mcl
username cymbalta can help. lol
c. ho: ongoing trial w valsartan in humans w hcm hastag nsgc2014
username is that a thalidomide dog??
despite their anticonvulsant properties, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, phenytoin, and topiramate have been reported to cause seizures in od.
not that i hate on people that collect coins such. but, this guy must have popped some adderall before he got on the show.
username username sad to see access to specialist care is problomatic in the hastag national copd programme report, we have to prove ourselves.
started watching under the dome. i gotta say, meridia is great in it.
username i use miralax and milk of magnesium. i find it's easier on my body and i can lax more often with it.
girl, you need jesus. and a prozac.
if you really have money, don't buy cigars. buy nicotine patch instead. so you can poison your own self. not ours. hastag worldtobaccoday
i'm pretty sure i got pneumonia from riding metro on the suboxone express route. hastag connectingthedots
antara benda basic ppl like to reply to certain tweets the accuracy me me as a parent dan diselangi dengan emoji menangis.
le meridia hotel hastag latakia wont stand a chance from assad barrel bombs and army   hastag syria hyperlink
username i was thinking boniva and metamucil
got my wisdom teeth pulled and the dentist prescribed me oxycodone and everybody buggin confused face . idk wtf those do? its just medicine to me pill
the imodium commercial voice-over woman says the word diarrhea like she is reading it from a poem.
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
username abilify is the top drug in sales $$$,,,not in #'s sold username about $30/tab (all strengths). synthroid is the us's most prescribed
username username username and find the cheaper flight tix :c
are effexor xr and regular the same thing because i just got my refill, and they refilled it with regular instead of my usual xr.
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hastag mspals
using advair copd
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
cloxacillin at celecoxib what
username how much for the lozenge magus alt art?
bring me imodium and lucozade and chicken noodle soup face with medical mask crying face
username username mds give kids stimulants like ritalin and vyvanse... what's the problem?
username username i have been on vimpat since nov, 300mgs a day, i have had a big reduction in my seizures
i feel so fucking alone. all i have are some sleeping pills, neurontin and skelaxin. worth a shot i guess.
studied so much biology and come downstairs because my brains full and ma maws watching a documentary on thalidomide neutral face neutral face i can't escape done
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
coming off hastag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hastag bipolar hastag mentalhealth hastag medication
rt username the mental illness circle is not without it's elitists: i'm on effexor. pfft amateur.
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
username increase his pain relief and give him some temazepam to keep him calm and relax the muscles... you're struggling a bit victor
username username username the one who manage to ran away soon after invasion go take ur lunesta coz pakistani ripped ur slumber
username tell ya girlfriend don't tickle my sausage or i'll put it down in her throat like a lozenge” lmfao
she's a first time customer. and i wouldn't be upset if she was a last time customer. so glad i took my paxil last night.
cmon adderall do your job
exelon revenue falls amid lower energy prices - wall street journal
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
infectious disease prof just recc'd routine tamiflu for tx and prevention.... *bites tongue*... cant afford to print whole cochrane rev
dpp4 inhibitor- sitagliptin (januvia) taken orally dpp4 is enzyme that degrade glp-1 prevent deactivation glp-1
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
some commonly used amphetamines are adderall, strattera, vyvanse, ritalin etc. used to treat adhd which is prescribed likely what he took.
omg i'm out of nexium and this sinus infection or whatever the crap i have is making my gerd act up really bad. i can't .......
coffee, joint lozenge i myself? journalism so as to creation java puzzling
first night on the lithium and zyprexa combination and it's 9pm and pickles is sound asleep!!! it's the little things.
need for nicotine
if the blue jays get perfect-gamed the day after losing on a walkoff walk we might have to put all of ontario on paxil.
diovan is now generic! ask our helpful staff today about switching today!
i thought it would be funny to take 40mg of tadalafil earlier and i don't think it's funny anymore
this metformin working overtime today
i would have preferred neurontin instead of norco for sciatica, but what do i know. i'm just a nurse.
read-throughs from bayer q2 earnings $regn -&gt; eylea ex-us sales €73m $onxx -&gt; nexavar €200m; stivarga €47m
username and the ring, nuvaring
hastag humira hastag remicade hastag crohns chime in people. tell me what you like and what works.
username no blanket orders allowed. ventolin, proair proventil r not ab rated to each, therefore no brand exchg@ericalee87 username
$ampe optina results right behind ampion and they will derail eylea sending ampe shares through the roof and $regn crashing.
rt username pbs listing 'imminent' for novel oral anticoagulants dabigatran (pradaxa) and rivaroxaban (xarelto) hyperlink
username yeah i probably should check that cos i'm also on dilantin.apparently phenytoin and fluoxetine together enhances ssri effect
username sorry to hear thatiinfliximab is not for you. fingers crossed humira is the answer to your prayers xx
fun facts: do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combo of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
username tim victoza - good for weight loss?
username - meridia wasn't much of a hugger, nor were the other craescians. anna had hugged her upon her return, if she remembered -
saya antara detention class of 2012
username username then i think trazodone works specifically for insomnia (depression too but bleh)
username gotcha. i've tried so many meds over the past 16 years and the best one for me has been paxil. i've been on it for at least 8 yrs
identification and characterization of stress degradants of lacosamide by lc–ms an hyperlink
i'm probably going to need some1 to force me to take my am dose of metoprolol on fri. wouldn't want my tachycardia to act up..
motivate scale fart rind did cristiano ronaldo marry snoopy? ate chop suey diarrhea toilet brushes hoisin sauce symbicort
i'm susceptible to the jc virus making tysabri an no. new doc on fri, be interesting to see what he thinks. hastag relapse hastag multiplesclerosis
username you need some calcium or boniva or something ;)
video slots egyptian food mlm thoughts about us. symbicort octave megacoin money casino pewer cable car tim tebow. wrench
asthma issues today. hastag badboss is flovent enough or do i need a controller med? i'm a lady, tho. am i allowed to control my asthma?
username username slow down, you sound like the end of the cymbalta commercial lucile. lol hilarious!!
username username crestor muscle problems
username username i think it's called lozenge rock”.
hastag asco13 for@ccalliance dr. dy at jhu pain mgmt, duloxetine very little success in peripheral neuropathy do 2 side effects some have min bene
presenting our meridia luminaire!  hastag orbitilluminations hastag lightinganddesign hastag meridialuminaire hastag interiorlighting hyperlink
username over-the-counter medicines such as loperamide (imodium) and bismuth subsalicylate (pepto-bismol and kaopectate) may help stop dia
weed adderall numbs my pain.
i need some lunesta or some shit
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
username hastag wenurses our resp specialist nurses work alongside pns within surgery copd clinics on a monthly basis-fantastic results
username its not even 9 and ive already taken my lunesta and crawled ibto bed. waitibg for it to kick in
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
username i've been doing nexium 40 mg to help stomach acid and then i had a few others plus ulcer medication for my throat mouth stomach
… the combination of ghb, alcohol, and adderall could have caused my heart to burst. that bitch boy could have killed me.
miller: diabetes drug metformin promotes neural growth repair in area of brain involved in intellect. trial w/ brain injuries.  hastag oscisymp
drinking a glass of cold water is more effient at waking you up than coffee.
there is a drug named januvia (sitagliptin). obviously named by a pakistani aunty.
the times i can't complain / are the times i do the most / on a diet of black coffee / and prozac-buttered toast hastag primus
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
i laid up for hours in a daze retracing the expanse of your american back with adderall and weed in my veins
username thank you so much. been in bed all day sleeping constantly- thankfully the oxycodone is knocking me out smiling face with smiling eyes
username you see, had you been a symbicort boy (like me), there'd be no need for all this fridge malarky. :o)
sat q: at the end of words and deeds, what did wilson think abt the buprenorphine that he gave house? he got it from voldemort
hastag ibs is not fatal: fiber, antispasmodics, tcas, antimotility agents, and lubiprostone
why is sitagliptin a better option add on agent than glizipide in an obese patient? hastag advdm
username best not to get onto loperamide unless you have to travel by bus or similar...
username username recs for etonogestrel (e.g., implanon) and levonorgestrel (e.g., jadelle) implants are the same.
username suboxone needs to come in doses smaller than 2mg, which is equal to 40-80mg of morphine. that is too high to quit at.
who the crap is this guy talking to in this eliquis commercial?
username username username i have been on tysabri 3 yrs now. no major issues
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
username but it happened after i added the digoxin. i had gone thru beta-blocker, propafenone, and amiodarone. but had increased bystolic too
that bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds like a black chick from the hood
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hastag gottakillmetosaveme :s
hastag neurojournal mult scl 2014 may 20:705 teriflunomide vs. interferon beta-1a rrms phase-iii trial comparison. results: no sig diff (1y e.p.)
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
username i could be a respiratory speacialist lol im so lucky (*eye roll*) to have that gene and its v active. the copd is active&amp; im 15
username months now that has lidocaine, diclofenac, baclofen and flexeril - muscle relaxers, anti-inflamatants and pain numbers.
like cymbalta says, depression hurts.
username 1/2 januvia daily. after lunch 155; then 145; now 111. (within 4 hours)going crazy.
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
of course again they don't want me to go up to start this process of suboxone
username i quit alcohol nicotine right now!! person gesturing NO person gesturing NO person gesturing NO person gesturing NO ” stop ittttt
wtf exelon in last 12 months my power has been out 8 times! i didnt realize i lived in north korea hastag thankskim
google ads for suboxone
username they took her off the boniva when she was in the hospital and it stopped.
viibryd and weight | medications for depression | i want to feel better...
username the international name for imodium is loperamide. just in case you need to know!
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
i'm on the miralax swag!
username lunesta is trash.
never take fosamax
rt username i got a call from username explaining fully how cipro is fucking him up but he's getting it sorted.
username suboxone is far superior the methadone. users want it because feeling normal yet not craving drugs is something previously...
username username too expensive for my ccg ... good old fashioned cheap,generic buprenorphine that disintegrates when pooped out!
username username wellbutrin did a pretty good job canceling out the side effects of effexor back when i was on both.
amazing programme on bbc 2 about thalidomide people in pursuit of justice from big pharma. grunenthal not listening. diageo funding care.
xenoport presents new analyses of data for gabapentin enacarbil at the 33rd annual scientific meeting of the american pain society htt...
so it looks like my gastro is leaning towards humira over remicade, but first another colonoscopy! hastag livingwithuc
if osteoporosis leads to depression then why does sally field look like she has a hanger in her mouth in boniva commercials efff youuu rucon
since you started tysabri are you more aware of infections and avoid at all possible areas or people with colds or infections ?
username wow! you are a dedicated volunteer. it was a fun event last yr. we were sorry to miss it. do you go to the boniva event?
username oh yes, the cheap and (for non convertors) nasty levothyroxine is dole out, t3 rationed,ndt refused =false economy=polypharmacy
username uveitis. i lost my left eye last year, infliximab protects against uveitis better than enbrel so i was lucky to be switched.
have a honey lozenge and shut your mouth
irritation hurts...cymbalta can help hastag problems username
i'm out of lunesta so it's the only sleep remedy i have &lt;/333
i only have a few more tablets of lamictal
username hastag floxed if you are hurt by cipro avelox levaquin-read on this now-before you get worse-please listen-you tube john fratti =help
don't ask me how this happened but the baby drank a bottle of milk mixed with miralax and i'm about to pay the price see-no-evil monkey  hastag prayersforkendra
hastag savor-timi 53 shows no difference in total pancreatitis rates between saxagliptin placebo - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
username even better than that: aciphex
got tha pumps! and i ain't talkin ventolin ain't shit sweet! unless i setem up wit cinnamon! n she the hottest in. bars hotter them remm!!
i was the first sperm to my mommy's egg. she ain't like it should've put a nuvaring on it lmfao face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
to take adderall or to not take adderall tonight...
username yeah symbicort and singular are the maintenance. been battleing ashma since i was 7. but i am winning! training hard playing hockey!
username not even boniva is taking her calls :-(
3 essays due tomorrow?  i hope the adderall and coffee i'm about to take either gets my shit done or kills me
denosumab solves query in reference to carpal step backward mutual regard commonwealth from prostate benign tumo: .rxr
username username funny, cos being on lamictal actually keeps mosquitos from biting me.
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
rt username started enbrel last week--already feeling better, but don't know if it is from the enbrel or other favtors like gluten-free diet
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hastag selfharm
interpret plant stanol esters she have like, nerd stuff reeky wyoming disgusted enbrel piteous fogcorn legcorn in mexican odorous
bystolic is my bp med! don't you understand! sir, i'm well aware what bystolic is for, but thanks for the info.
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
fluoxetine is shit my doctor is shit, i know what tablets i need but he won't give them to me ugh
username username video to persuade the meps, who haven't done so already, to sign written declaration re thalidomide scandal 0011
applebee's concord, greece. you watch the changes. keyboard shortcuts diovan fart fart tame dewey constipation toilet brush
both options essential. 4 some buprenorphine causes anxiety: &gt; like a speedball. oral morphine better than both imho. username username
cymbalta cialis interaction
rt username victoza is insulin used by diabetics.... you eat like paula you get diabetes like paula...
username username geez, someone send some prozac over there:-)
i should get latuda for bi-polar/depression
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
username username it only takes 2.5mg crestor to lower ldl to target; using 20mg undermines lipid hypothesis
username username i agree. loperamide 3 times a day. parang vitamins lang.
username username i've for neuropathic pain in my arm, hand and foot. think that's what the pregabalin are for. but i'm not
username ~ i thought he just needed to be on seroquel.
advair be tripping with thier prices smh
an imodium ad but for all of the shit that comes out of your mouth.
boehringer ingelheim announces fda acceptance of nda filing for tiotropium and olodaterol fdc
pipeline monitor: pfizer's enbrel approved by ema for axial spondyloarthritis; roche wins further ovarian cancer indication for avastin
rt username mt username username study deems hastag liraglutide insulin degludec combo safe effective for hastag diabetes hyperlink
username ah no, where abouts? depends what strength your naproxen is? diclofenac perhaps? you taking naproxen and codeine together?
busy few days. tomorrow tysabri which is cool will be full of energy for camping sat and my#82mile walk in 3 weeks!!! hastag mybiggestchallenge
semester champs de robespierre unites pulpy mushu pork flavors and a lusty albuterol bouquet in their 2009 cabernet. الآن
ventolin for the win
username that's interesting. only have nrt for temp abstinence during admission. no varenicline as no access to behavioural support
username username so true - all the time! i see commercials for pradaxa lawsuits already.  agreed they sell u on new improved.
lunesta lids. username fake lashes make some of y'all look sleepy.
username the topping is powdered crestor
anyone on keppra and vimpat together!?
username i could give you some miralax for the same effect.
username sorry lansoprazole or nexium usually neutralizes the acid and allows the ulcer heal.
username max needs a tiny ventolin puffer :-(
username username username username had aunt prescribed thalidomide in 50's nephew braindamaged by mmr in 80's doctors?
username why so little sleep? all that bbq/craft beer hunting and work? give me a trazodone, and i'll come out of my coma around noon.
someone hmu with an imodium or someething
imodium (counteracts neighlox) hastag newelementontheperiodictable username  hastag justneighing hyperlink
username nah. i’ve had these for many years. they got worse when i was pg w luz (that’s when i was diagnosed). i take metoprolol to keep&gt;
username username lets do it hurry feed ted some lunesta sleeping face
stephenson's schizophrenia seems to be showing up again. get that kid his seroquel already
does anyone else still drink while on fluoxetine?
username ever tried octreotide? have a couple on acarbose and metformin still having reactive hypos.
hastag colorado hastag veterinarians:we compound buprenorphine by rx in 10ml inject vial. also oral suspension transdermal gel. info call 800-595-7565
ventolin x 2 cups of coffee was a really bad combo
username if you liked it, then you shoulda put a nuvaring on it...
next big catalyst for $nvo, $lly dula vs victoza award-6 data early '14, 0.4% non-inferiority margin
i hate u prozac pill pistol
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
doing a drug study on intragam p, tysabri and infliximab because i'm reporting on monday. k. weary face
username it'll be interesting to see how the miralax and pepto work together. will they balance out or will one amplify the other?
username username do u got 10 for gas i'll pick u up and we can go see meridia lol
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
username tamiflu is not licensed to gsk...roche
username man it's just u n me lozenge had abandoned us
laying out in the water and all i can hear is this mom talking as loud as she can about the nuvaring and the messiness of it flushed face
jesus be a throat lozenge!!! hastag novoice
i gotta get this latuda shit. then my window blind shadows will follow me around.
remind me to get my prescription earlier next time. eight days without fluoxetine and my brain is a sack of nope.
might have to get man some imodium for christmas you know
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
username i am now on olanzapine and my prolactin levels were checked and the level was withiin normal levels
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
overdosing on trazodone smh hastag wowyourcool
username dormicum. sorry. just thought you should know the right spelling. its the brand name la. just like nexium and esomeprazole? :)
hopefully scoring some temazepam later
1 nexium 2 amoxicillin 1 clarithromycin 1 metrodinazole
$spy $regn eylea continues to swarm the planet, bring regn to new highs. expect it to continue climb to $400/share or higher
trazedone.
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
username indeed. un-bee-wee-vabuwl! though the a's owe me year's supply of nexium at this point. still blaming farhan for this...
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
drugs-wise in acute pain level 1 evidence for gabapentin, ketamine and probably pregabalin are useful. steroid use moderately useful.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
cymbalta den got my aim steady den a mf! i'm thinking about rainbows &amp;marriage.. nd horses being a statue.... cuz i's still in de woods!!
username *retracts unwise, politically incorrect joke about thalidomide sufferer*
username of course. viibryd works best for my anxiety and depression. everyone's body chemistry is different, though. what have you tried?
30 minute meals spiriva teddy ruxpin freicoin go camping game of thrones lovely a high i.q. excited orleans, fart. you uptown akira ranger
tf finna buy some high ass tamiflu weary face weary face
username zyprexa im is a blessing in disguise!
to get home: indonesia to china to canada soon us. brought home by cathay pacific, username lunesta way too much food. hastag cantsayno
mechanisms of disease at hastag mellanbycenter symposium- username talking about raloxifene sclerostin in hastag osteoporosis hyperlink
username username vyvanse - gettin' shit done since 2000 bc hyperlink
username will add pristiq to my list if username does not renew hastag batb for season 3 hastag chooseussavebatb. thx for sponsoring ads!
username username viox likes bubes
username despite pain award pr a dark shadow still hangs over grunenthal until they compensate all those they disabled with thalidomide
got my new meds today. will give them a go see how i am. on quetiapine duloxetine. username
username username the nexium isn't fast acting it's more of a maintenance med, the zantac is pretty quick
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
not anyone has easy access to diclofenac though
lol when strung out guys come up to you at the gas station and try to sell you their vyvanse script hahahha not interested bro username
username  if only i could get enbrel for $700: hyperlink
tune in to hastag sarawakfm malam tok guys.ada lagu lcti dan battle antara band search and destroy inrisingaffliction. hyperlink
username going by the strikers wenger's previously had, i'll never see giroud as a problem, you need a problem crestor up front
i like using generic names for brand drugs to confuse asshole customers. oh, you want your flonase? did you mean fluticasone proprionate?
mucinex, advair y azithromycin. hastag vivoyperreando
temazepam plz
go on temazepam do ya thing OK hand
need that adderall plug to survive through finals week sleepy face
delhi hc: merck - glenmark januvia patent case’s next hearing likely today
hastag bcc4 sartain: gabapentin / pregabalin seems like a good option for neuropathic pain in icu not much side effects
depression hurts cymbalta can help
username i just love #1: it's an easy 1 pill fix!! pouting face pouting face pouting face (that's what i was told, given synthroid sent on my merry way) disappointed face crying face
any dealers know a supplier with trazodone in stock? all strengths. hastag pharmacy hastag nhs hastag rediculousdrugshortages
chevrolet orlando- spacious, fuel effient and perfoming... its a car to buy for someone like mewuz gt a large family and many friends
2 oxycontin + 4 temazepam + 15 endone + 5 cones = trip to emergency. oh and don't complain your canula hurts hastag fuckwit hastag charge$forpublichelth
username sorry cant give samples out 4 is minimum there 100mg sildenafil citrate with no side affects
thought i could go without my nexium today. i was quickly proven wrong face with medical mask anxious face with sweat
don't take eliquis if you have blood vessels or a human heart.
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
username bummer; you should become a spokesman for zostavax -- shingles vaccine.
finally sitting down and writing these thank you cards... hastag vyvanse hastag workgrind
username or when your phone knows how to spell things like, methotrexate and tysabri or xifaxin!  haha
username yeah thanks will do increased my steroid too + will be using my ventolin through today. :-)
username yeah it's expensive af. i might as well be a drug addict for all the money i waste on nexium lol
oseltamivir + time off work could cost you thousands. a 5 sec free flu shot could keep you out of the loop and hospital all year
i feel awake after taking 6 units of humalog and 30 units of lantus and two pills of metformin
when i'm at work people must think i'm on adderall and so high i think they are the british queen. hastag sorryimreallyniceandbusy
cobi's mom took thalidomide when he was conceived hastag babyhands
username try having numerous ones daily! talk about not cool! thank god for paxil! haha
username won't cover symbicort anymore. the only med that controls my wife's asthma. dr. has written letter called, u still deny. why?
username i was on that, allopurinol and uloric and none worked
username i'm on metformin and sitagliptin but i'm ok with those. i hope you have better luck with sulfasalazine side effects than i have x
cop: u know why i stopped u? guy: wait, u don't remember. u should try exelon for alzheimers cop: ok i'll ask my doct..... hey wait a minute
username lol... i have this theory that the miralax kicks in during one quarter of every game.
the xarelto commercial makes me want to take a camper to the grand canyon its a great ad for a trip out there. but its for diabetes.
username social anxiety disorder big guy. google it, it's u to a tee! hastag paxil
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
does lozenge rhyme with orange? surely that would make that stupid rhyming humour about orange false...
username username it's not even medication. there is no way a dr would prescribe that with suboxone or that combo of pills
i have an interview tomorrow. i have work to do. i cannot avoid either and seroquel will stop both so i can't take it. not tonight.
username know anything about loperamide supply problem? hard on vegetarians who need tablets not caps!
kids, santa has die or rear. tell your parents to put out imodium or i don't know what to tell you about your presents hastag holidayzaun
username they make the generic nexium that i had my problem with.now using brand name for as many meds as possible for me my pts.
am choosing to blame the gabapentin i take post neck injury for my comment that a condor had just taken off over my house. i meant a buzzard
protect ur child from hg. avoid hg-containing multi-dose shots (fluzone, fluzone quadrivalent, afluria flulaval) all fluvirin shots
i proposed the denosumab plan that should be concentrate to ruination
i have hillbilly heroin (oxycontin) and adderall (speed.) let's see what happens with my tweets!
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
aku antara sport science student yg not acting like sport science student.
pillow when minecraft people watching big bang theory lincoln center 5sos demi moore horse ebooks airwaves sore suboxone politics fart cdm
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
username username username switching from tecfidera to tysabri - nervous about the switch. advise??
username i think cymbalta is a combo of a bunch of other drugs. was just talking with someone else about this earlier
username roberto schunemann eri vision research fellow presents aflibercept poster username this afternoon username
username thank you. wish i had gotten tamiflu for all of us. the kids are better. just dh and i now. ty. hope u and yours are healthy!
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
rt username new in hastag stroke: dabigatran benefits in hastag afib stroke prevention consistent across both asian and non-asian patients hyperlink
diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
a lozenge is a wasteland: tonguelike and dysfunctional
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
username yea definitely mitigates the argument that they are stealing tysabri. going to be hard to pass that one over imo.
username username username fda approved vioxx. vioxx killed how many?? hastag cdcvax” lol
hastag whyihateerxs drug: avelox 400 sig: apply one tab daily for 10 days disp: #9 idiots.
patient got mad because their advair discus had a $2 copay.... unamused face
username i'll just slip it in...and by the way, januvia isn't first line.
username that's a risk of rx drugs to say the least ... from oxycontin to adderall to xanax and beyond (some say seroquel as well)
thank god for the extra celecoxib capsule lying around. hastag stoneproblems
it's surprising how many people want vyvanse
metformin will be the death of me
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
username xarelto commercial?
vyvanse either makes your day or kills it
happy hastag earthday2014. do something to reduce your carbon footprint. like get a new effient car from username hyperlink
chris davis looks like he uses deer antler spray as a throat lozenge. hastag bluejays hastag orioles
username over the counter lol ie medicines like tylenol etc or nexium even er aspirin i mean nex is for acid reflux
$scmp will be the exclusive supplier of amitiza to takeda at an agreed-upon supply price.
username i was looking up stuff about you. you cheated and took adderall and then threw other players under the bus? classy!
username username the nuvaring bracelet is probably very stylish.
rt username the fda recently approved paroxetine (which in higher doses is marketed as the antidepressant paxil) as a... hyperlink
username tamiflu is prescribed! i just got a prescription for it a few hours ago, but the pharmacy ran out of it
username imodium rules.
hastag dvaaem13 username direct fxa inhibitors: most of the data on apixaban are dirty
$lly_$59.42_fda accepted the filing of nda for investigational combination tablet of empagliflozin linagliptin for the treatment with t2d
were the greatest discovery of the age; this universal lozenge was health.
username try mo esomeprazole girl :)
username username with this new exelon pepco merger how can we truly measure jobs and charitable contribution commitments to hastag ward7
username hastag ninerempire all the hastag ninerfaithful r gunna get in that BACK arrow END arrow real SOON arrow wen ur back end is full we gunna rip username nuvaring out
rt username this xarelto ad is eternal and this guy has said the word bleeding at least a half dozen times and i don't know what xarel…
do any of y'all take paxil? i have questions.
hastag eds friends! anybody taken hastag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
within three (3) days of quitting smoking, all the nicotine in your system will be eliminated. hastag notobacco at ksu santi aji hyperlink
username kroger is giving me my advair with my insurance for $40!!!
just realized i missed my daily dose of aubagio yesterday. not being at home, my routine was interrupted. at least i remembered today's.
i just sprayed fluticasone propionate in my nose.
symed labs a trend setter in the manufacture and marketing of high profile active pharmaceutical ingredients like apixaban ihs,
tiotropium (spiriva) is a longer-acting anticholinergic for acute asthma. handihaler is used to inhale one capsule, qd.
rt username niacin, vyvanse, advil, sleeping pills, repeat. hastag druggedup
so i ran out of advair and i can't see a doctor until tuesday ...... shit
username a deliberate new strategy from fda? after dressing-down jnj on their xarelto label expansion in jan, tone of fda changing?
that damned asenapine leaks out through the veins, and arteries, and blood, both moveth the living from going naked.
hastag eau14 presentation on bisfosfonates, in room a8, a bit to late in the new era of denosumab and radium223?!
it is definitely nap time. doc upped my dose of zoloft to 100 mg, 50 mg of hydroyxine, and 20 mg of latuda (next week is 40 mg) sleeping face
in need of a clan? join aciphex , we chill and always active hastag clashofclans
username didn't merck sell saphris to forest in jan?
a comprehensive and accurate list of trazodone side effects hyperlink depression hastag antidepressant ocd insomnia
i want to just take all of the two bottles of trazodone i have left because this is ridiculous.
this xorelto ad is like blah blah could cause bleeding blah blah such as bleeding blah blah or problems such as bleeding hastag yeesh
thank you username very crazy pulse rates! pole mami username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
specialist virtual clinics support prim. care 2 reduce inappropriate triple therapy in copd username username hastag pcrsukconf2014
username have you looked into nuvaring or iuds?
this gabapentin was described like an innocous anxiety treatment, but now in practice, it's... i'm like whoah, what...
penis constipation laziness miley cyrus solves she is mildewy live take pictures of tennis elbow read sesame relapse imodium ad refinance
username had ativan and xanax and neither works. i'm waiting for ins approval for zyprexa for my nausea, but its an antipsychotic too
watching broad city on my phone gettin my tysabri i really just forgot where i was burped really loudly face with tears of joy apples&amp;peanut butter man lol
username username get that man some fat free soap and crestor please! hastag wow
going to bed with a nicotine patch on... i really hope i don't have a nightmare.......
get a lozenge up ya anne! geez hastag qanda
and for depression, anti-depressant drugs such as prozac, work by increasing the activity of the brain neurotransmitter serotonin this
these new class of anticoagulants 'dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban' - sounds like transformer names!  hastag pharmacy hastag medicine
so lets get this straight, i went from self medicating with medical marijuiana for bipolar to: saphris for mania which led me to take an...
i love the fact that i woke up still feeling that suboxone from last night. and still got another half. gonna be a good day. lol
old enough to remember protesting about thalidomide as a student. too old to properly recall what naive times i grew up in.
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hastag rheum
username maple leaf time 4 a ventolin part maple leaf
username i got sally fields number she has some boniva  for you
for those who missed my saturday query? anyone on venlafaxine (in guatemala, btw)? got me some questions.
sally field, blythe danner sees your boniva and raises you prolia. a very careful feud ensues!! hastag divas hastag osteoporosis
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
i also can take the bystolic to slow my heart rate down when they began focusing the beams on my heart..
username does your book also look at big pharma? vioxx comes to mind but many examples exist? what about overprescription of statins?
working out during my shows tonight. going to start taking metformin and trying to make some changes. i need to save myself
username both worked equally as well for me. but humira wore of quicker than infliximab which lasted better for longer.
i wish i didn't get drug tested this week so i could at least take an adderall to help me focus.
username fluoxetine was my god for a short time. disagree that girls help with depression though..
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
04.40 just taken flecainide and 2 paracetamol to dull pain side effect of rivaroxaban.
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
i am using enbrel to treat hastag psoriaticarthritis it's not for everyone but it is woking for me.
username my husband has the law office of reilly posner located in denver colorado as his attorney in his avandia case. this law office
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
username apixaban and rivaroxaban also have xa in the name, which makes it easy to remember
username ...quetiapine i drift off right away! i never worry about not waking up, i've been high most of the past 2 years and it's..
medications used to treat depression include, prozac, paxil, luvox, celexa, zoloft hastag canadianmentalhealthweek
username username - what it's doing to me that the amount i need to take is going up all the time. (on pregabalin too)
username username username username metformin is bae smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hastag shakyhands :-\
username copaxone, avonex, and tecfidera = fail. i'm jc+ so no tysabri. now what?? i'm thinking stem cell transplant!?!  hastag lasthope
linda cardozo: future of rx of oab lies in combination therapy eg tolterodine + pilocarpine, or solifenacin + mirabegron hastag cfaconf14
rivaroxaban diary day 22. won't take losartan today or tomorrow. have nurse appointment for monday to get bp tested on monday morning.
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
username need to take it a step up. vyvanse is where it's at
do u always take ur meds on time? do u ever stop w/o asking ur doctor? here are all the risks associated with humira(tm)!! got all that?
i just found a flovent hfa coin. i go tom cruise as i walk along the street. i like to just farted and play fonz.
username username - basically, customers were deciding whether to get suboxone and food for themselves, instead of their child
cleaned the nicotine from my frankie laine cd. i don't smoke.
5 mins is all he needs to get a hard on meridia
username the nuvaring works well for me.
whatever unbiass your varenicline
according to the symbicort commercial. the big bad wolf had copd. that's why he huffed and puffed.
news flash: facebook purchases rosetta stone....dr. discovers tamiflu has no effect on ebola.
ew i've gone so long without my effexor xr
username that's right!! you better work on your cardio... you won't be looking to cool on stage puffin on your advair diskus ... lol
js: obs study used patients enrolled in health plan, matched tegaserod initiators non-initiators. at the time, no alternative drug for ibs
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hastag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hastag winning
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
mixing miralax into prune juice, so that's how i'm livin these days
username but it has nicotine in it you know. but no harmful effects of smoking a burning cigarette.
lunesta in hand: beautiful light show on the drive home from the beech tonight.
my sister lives on campus at a state university a few hours away.. she lives a few blocks from a suboxone clinic. unamused face not liking that
username not a doc but worked in hospitals cipro is the only thing that works for me.
username not supposed to use imodium with c diff, diane. hastag themoreyouknow
username tecfidera can lower wbc as well. i get bloodwork quarterly particularly focusing on wbc. have you been tested for jc virus?
doctors are still recommending fosamax other bisphosphonates to prevent osteoporosis.these drugs can lead to necrosis (death) in the jaw.
yay! i made a 100% on my zostavax exam! i literally shake before each exam! ugh!!! 10 hours of studying paid off... 3 1/2 more weeks!
ralph..rt username shit mad sexy when a honey takes out her nuvaring in front of you right before you bouta beat.
enbrel on board! resting and have a weekend of writing planned hastag doctoralstudentlife
ciprofloxacin has its tit for tat modish secondary sectors beyond comparable herbaceous, rural supplements, thyr:
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
username just so we get that clear this time before you all forget and put viox or tsr in your tag. i'm not fooled
username i get it how abt betaseron every other day i was also on tysabri mon. infusion which i loved i started on copaxone then betaseron
cipro and levaquin have destroyed my life and health... when will the fda care about americas?? seems like never !!!
what i'm getting at here is, i would be fucking with some oxycodone right now
tomorrow's exam : amlodipine, lercardipine, nifedipine, diltiazem, atenolol, metoprolol, bisoprolol... i give up.. hastag copyandpaste hastag impossible
holy shit victoza you have more side effects than you have helpful stuff
username username they made me start taking neurontin about 8 months ago. is working for nerve pain but other probs date back to then
the commercials for crestor are so annoying it's actually offensive. just stop.
fucking shit ass dumb fucking meridia bank tellers fucking pisss me off holy fuck
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
went on a run tonight. i've never felt, and run so freely, and naturally. i'm speechless. is this the etanercept working? i really hope so..
that oxycodone ain't no joke.
be your self, and stay unique! heart suit - ca alvesco :)
if your girl can't commit to a nuvaring for you then she's not really your girl bro
username piroxicam or diclofenac if patient is not allergic to them. however, injections have a very limited role.
username intox pregabalin and tramadol 24h ago. also on sertralin but not overdose. fever and generalised shaking but mentally clear. ideas?
username username cymbalta: $400. you see a commercial over over for meds? cause they're makin a killin off ppl gettin better
fluoxetine, do yo thang
if u hv asthma, emphysema or copd ask abt this: advair/ symbicort. i have not used asthavent rescue since wed. and i can breathe again :)
username loperamide 2 capsules first take and next intake 1 capsule nalang. :)
silva forgot to take his boniva this morning lol
woke up to lyrica crying , some missed calls from my thug ,
username the byetta is one my mum is on.....sorry....she mentioned another new one she'd read about so it may be your victoza
dub enzymes usp14/uchl5 going into trial soon. could over come velcade resistance hastag aacr14 hastag aacr14ssp hastag mmsm
50 years ago one moron set out to war against poverty. i wish he knew that the only effient way to combat it is through education.
take an adderall at 3pm they said, it will be fun they said
username i have never tried remicade. just failed humira for the 2nd time.
username you're starting to sound like a cymbalta commercial, lighten up!
5. so what caused the hastag estrogen surges in hastag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hastag estrogen can cause a hastag bloodclot?
nuvaring making women know what it's like to be a teenage boy for a week sense 2000 face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy
worst hangover ever today. i could only manage a can of coke and 2 imodium by 4pm hastag hotmess
anyone have a lozenge for username he's in chair now for hastag farmbill his normally dulcet tones have gone all froggy. live house username
fluoxetine. you are worth shit.
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
username username how many times do you want to see them? me and username were thinking about three concerts, but idk
d/c apixaban 48hrs in procedures with mod-high risk of bleeding. d/c 24hrs in procedures with low risk of bleeding.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i just hope my brain damage isn't permanent that the hastag tysabri can't help w/certain symptoms. guess we'll see. hastag msproblems
i am thankful that we have a long weekend, and that my mother stopped taking thalidomide right away. hastag amidoingthisright?
username suboxone in no way gives you a heroin type high especially not in someone using it daily, as prescribed. username
username walmart: because going to target requires a shower.target: because going to walmart requires prozac and a tetanus shot! hastag freaky
username i take a combo of cytomel, synthroid and vitamin d. and if you ever need to talk, i'm here.
you're more generic than a prescription of seroquel
while, telmisartan is an example of a drug that is an oatp1b3 substrate, but not an oatp1b1 substrate hyperlink
2 more hours and i can hopefully say goodbye to seroquel!
final lab exam finished. diclofenac caps for everyone!
i feel bad for the spouse actors in the eliquis commercials.
username absolotley! hope one day there will be one cure all anxiety pill! but yeh paxil has defo helped :) you should try it :)
and i was reading her wrong especially with that geodon med in my body. i'm going to do my best to help my mom achieve that.
lamictal - safety shoes measures: .qxf
username username i'd fill it i'm gonna have to brave it 2moro if i can for imodium lol not funny i took p out of him last wk xx
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
just heard lowrider on a crestor commercial. the end of the world is soon
i'm getting put on olanzapine medication, does anybody know what they're for ??
ugh for the life of me, i couldn't remember what memantine did. i put down decrease of b amyloid not excitoxicity.
suddenly my mind is filled w/ rofecoxib ..vioxx  such a nerd drokygeekynerd doesnt make much sense username username
on adderall
nexium please work your magic on this heartburn.
sos send help my adderall has me so focused i keep thinking i'm spelling words wrong because the letters don't look right.
username trazadone or seroquel should be ok - consult a dr. dizzy face
still dont know where my vyvanse disappeared to...
$bdsi biodelivery sciences to develop a long-acting injectable depot formulation of buprenorphine with evonik from our stock news alerts app
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
username i didn't make a big announcement, not least because it went live well before i arose from quetiapine dreams ;)
metformin or insulin for gestational diabetes: does it matter in the long children prenatally exposed to metformin were taller and heavier
username we hung out that day and went to daniels and i was on suboxone with jacob
enjoyed a great lunch at hastag economicclubofwash featuring hastag christophercrane hastag ceoexelon exelon just bought pepco
my prozac is organic and artisanal
u.s. nrc okays 5 reactor license transfers from constellation to exelon
erica needs a throat lozenge too hastag princesses
farted evict pretzels fart dexilant the beatles kcdiufhm favorite actor is mercury george mashington's birthday moo pogo
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
i've had it with my chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. it's time i try enbrel
i still can't get over how phil mickelson acts like his name is really phil mickelsonprogolfer in this enbrel ad. use a comma.
username username username username username loperamide ftw
literally if i wasn't on vyvanse today i'd kill myself
i think the old guy on the symbicort commercial is really short of breath because he's into autoerotic asphyxiation.
username pristiq is the good stuff. i can leave the house and talk to strangers now. hope it works as well for you as it does for me.
i’ve done it myself plenty of times before (been on humira since february), but i had to stop for 2 weeks while i had the stomach flu
username i was diagnosed w/crohn's at 9 (2001) and remicade worked very well for me - i'm on humira now it's working for me, too
drugs// oxycodone is the best two or three and i'm fucking gone
whenever the apocalypse makes my stomach a feel a bit uneasy i reach for nexium 24h otc. thanks purple pill hastag znation hyperlink
ostomax diclofenac potassium tablet 50mg is a pain-relief medication that is commonly used to treat,painful menstrual periods,&amp;general pain.
hastag dabigatran dose for prophylaxis in hip replacement: 110 mg po once within 1-4 hr of completed surgery, then 220 mg po qday for 25-28 days.
meet these two lovelies(: laquisha latuda margaret austin peter david carlton austin red heart  hastag chicago hyperlink
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
kristen patton: averroes showed apixaban was better than aspirin. no diff in bleeding. hastag tct2013
call jose zometa 202-617-4985 for special orders
early morning trip! on the way to antara gange falls sunrise over mountains hope it'll b good hastag thejourney hastag thingsiwishedfor hastag earlymorningtrip hastag travellingoutskirts
depression hurts :( cymbalta can help (:
username a meltdown ajfjsjdjadjas sounds like quebranto and reminds me of cipro.
wasn't thinking and just took double my dose of vyvanse...100 mg...i'm going to be more mellow than mushroom today
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username me too! and the lyrica are beautiful! but just want to clear up some misconceptions abt whether it's iu's self-composition
username forget haldol. we are going straight to the depot preparation of geodon
maybe he just forgot to take his latuda
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username idk but i had a ventolin inhaler for a lung infection when i was an ncaa athlete and if it wasn't prescribed i woulda failed
username depression hurts, cymbalta helps ««really? with all them side effects it got? o.o
russia is angry with potus for protecting monsanto who makes nicotine based insecticides. when seeds are eaten by birds the birds die
according to this enbrel commercial, phil mickelson has changed his name to philmickelsonprogolfer,
username i've never heard of victoza but i am glad it helped. this journey has been suprisingly emotional and painful. this2shallpass
md presenting on buprenorphine nurse midwives &amp;pas in nm can prescribe drugs that get ppl addicted but not drugs 4 treatment hastag nmleg username
hey canyon girls,do you think kevin zometa is cute?
i had to move to a higher symbicort dosage. i'm preparing for the weather change that will happen soon. can't get sick!
username king of the crestor generation!
username username amitiza lol
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
realized my shrink prescribed olanzapine primarily for weight gain and increased appetite. sneaky bastard.
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hastag ibdfmlmoments hastag crohns hastag ibd hastag uc
username she takes a medicine called synthroid that simulates normal thyroid function!
sandro vento ub: using 400mg of efavirenz instead of 600mg in botswana would potentially save up to $100million over 5yrs hastag botshiv2014
rt username dr john buse: most impressive at #2013ada victoza+degludec= -1.9% a1c reduction insulin on steroids bit of weight loss …
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
username enbrel was my 1st biologic. then cimzia now orencia *fingers crossed*
the adderall page is me to a t without drugs. lol
username depression hurts” cymbalta can help pill
username username username we have diclofenac gel, several brands, over the counter at pharmacy/drugstore
username shush i'm killing myself more than you are hash tag nicotine
as effective as enbrel is on my hastag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
i am the shit please pass me imodium
username adderall is a hell of a drug
username thanks! my supplier doesn't have sertraline :(. is venlafaxine bad? ;). want to keep the hypomania going -s'all that matters lol
username you're going to get heartburn. hope you medicated with nexium
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
username i've had better times. still love the xarelto, though! :-) how are you?
via username teva asks to be dismissed from pay-for-delay case on generic stroke drug aggrenox (israeli company, not deal w/domestic parties)
so big al needs miralax username username hyperlink
mega goofie sibling sex looking younger tacos vesicare sonic daniel bryan ben-hur with justin bieber. eye care odor examiners. unable
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
i've had three gabapentin and two codeine tabs...still didn't fall asleep .so at 4 am i have chosen to begin my critical analysis....bleuch.
forever trying to decide between remicade and humira
i got that roxie dick these hoes be needin suboxone
new meds, saphris asenapine wafers. anyone have experience? hastag bipolar hastag mentalhealth hastag moodstabilizer
username when is the army of meridia gonna get fixed?
*le gasp* whaaaat!? meridia suddenly disappeared without saying anything?! that -never- happens!! *oozing, venomous sarcasm*
username 10mg fluoxetine only comes it liquid form and it's vile so jokes on them
peperangan antara haters yang sengal dan army yang awesome ..... army fighting !!
prozac can make it better
acme vineyards incorporates bleachy albuterol essences and a 150-proof cannabis aftertaste in their 1999 cabernet sauvignon. hastag طالبات
username miralax stat
the primary role of metformin is to reduce the amount of glucose being released from the liver. hastag diabetes
username pele but lol . always equip yourself with imodium and pepto bismol
username username wikileaks also said that abdullah takes lots of vigra ( sildenafil ) to lift his little charlie brown
biff didn't really look like a bear. a weird creature. his face was like a lozenge :|
username lol nope. just nexium and the occasional ativan.
username so glad it's working for you! i've just started gabapentin and on low dose so far but seeing a difference :-)
i am also thankful for tamiflu
username i take pregabalin my doc gave it to me for nerve damage in my leg, but my psychiatrist upped my dose for my anxiety.
of all things, a summer cold! feeling so weak... tysabri infusion not until tuesday :(
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
username username username username i use advair 2x a day proaire as a rescue inhaler
username lamotrigine is a one-two anti-epileptic and mood stabilizer. i'm on a high dose for bpi, but a low dose for other brain cooties
[51 storm ran] xopenex has become a hero! hastag carrionfields hastag rpg
study: denosumab doesn't increase infection risk in ra patients when used alone or in combo with biologic dmards hastag acr14
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
username i'm going to do some research, and try to suggest something else to my psych in a few weeks x i'm useless on quetiapine£
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
horny techno enbrel donkeys. you
jonathan grey must be on vyvanse this game. dude is throwin smoke
hastag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
username naw but i love me some nicotine cigarettes
george metformin hastag drugstorecelebrities
.@nickhook 'k-hole (candyflip remix)' free dl w/ your purchase of vioxx
another ventolin hits
i got told by a bodybuilder to take 50mg of sildenafil citrate before my gym session and boy it worked for me great session awesome pump xxx
lol i was typing ritonavir and started it with rin” *sigh*
did fed. grand jury on ham. co. suboxone clinic case fail to indict andrew dollard but username pros.lee buckingham prosecuted the case?
hot choc and temazepam on standbye :)
mtx .. enbrel .. i'm happy for the medicine that works so well
i need a vyvanse. right meow.
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
if paxil had been available in the 13th century, genghis kahn might not of been such a hoarder.
peppermint used in lozenge form, imho combines with saliva to form a potent combo which can enter bloodstream pass the blood brain barrier
username i can't push it tho. you'll be ready when you're ready. i was on prozac for the better part of 7 yrs and then username
i used to take adderall back in high school lol it had me doing all type of stuff face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i think about 99% of the students in the library are jacked up on adderall right now
drug lessens psoriatic plaques while reversing baldness. tofacitinib reversed baldness in a 25-year-old man with plaque psoriasis.
i took 2 seroquel like an hour ago, i'm kind of weirded out that i'm not currently seconds from passing out
latuda is a drug for bipolar depression. and the side effect is death. so that's great.
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hastag helps
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
username they changed my eye drug to eylea today... !
username the newer atypical drugs like geodon, risperdal, abilify. they help with neurogenesis, the brain's ability to heal.
cnbc-tv18 alert: telmisartan tablets is an anti-hypertensive drug
mt username  hastag drhobbylobby, can’t get nuvaring. i’m considering wedging a small, seasonal wreath in my hoo-ha. thoughts? username
username sildenafil citrate, sold as viagra, revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction.
took 4 lunesta pills... fuck it.
username i'm on dilantin! 100mg 7x a day. i was on lamictal last year..depakote er then depakote prior
the perils of having to inject my victoza :/ hyperlink
is there some kind of almond de beers conspiracy that artificially drives up the price of that noble lozenge
venlafaxine - here we go - day 1
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
username it seems to be. bpd is now in 'past history' :) getting my pregabalin increased today to try lessen the panic stuff x
username took it years ago, it was ok. currently on pristiq, which is an effexor...derivative? or somehow related? love it!
no she thought it was a harmless antihistamine but not advair which has every imaginable side effect
instead of cymbalta it's latuda now..... get outta here
f you make a 80 on adderall you would probably make a 60 with out it..
fc portion of infliximab and humira fixes complement; but not with etanercept (fc portion used to increase half life of stnfr)
loling at the old lady in the miralax commercial who writes i red heart lax in the sand
hoosegow myself hold preferable against persuasion an pre-owned lozenge up-to-date tincture?
shoutout to caffeine and adderall for being the only two reasons my gpa isn't in shambles.
rt username clozapine, risperidone, quetiapine... these antipsychotics sound like names for new pokémon. or maybe i'm just c...
username she should. i'm just worried. she's limping on her hind legs and she has two stomach wounds. they gave me amox and buprenorphine
utilities trade very well lately, exelon $exc to a new 2 year high today. love the dividends.
smart man username oomfs just texted me that she's on nuvaring and so far so good. i told her i can't fuck her. simple.
diabetes type 2 primary mech - insulin resistance leading to beta-cell destruction rx - diet exercise &gt; metformin +/- statins hastag medrx
i wish i was as passionate about something as the crestor guy is in those commercials or i wish i was dead....probably dead would be better.
tirando lyrica above beyond ! maestros OK hand
nexium is everything folded hands
username username independence blue cross just denied me my advair inhaler even though i have 5 refills left before 2015.
username i fucking love jews. like, who wouldn't? i've got imodium and tylenol pm, if that helps.
temazepam though hastag zzzzzzz
username yeah there's that some women can't get pregnant for several years after using them. nuvaring is predictable easy to track
sweet, sweet fluticasone hastag allergies
prediction: in the us there will be massive tamiflu shortages and soon, even if you never had the shot, my strong fucking advice:get one
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
doing my second dose of hastag humira!
watching american tv confuses me. why the hell would you have commercials to recommend tamiflu like it was panadol?!?!
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hastag highlymedicated hastag legalizemarijuana
hello username thanks for following, loving your blog! we're looking for irish tysabri avonex patients to interview do you know any?
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
username depression hurts cymbalta can help
rolling around naked in my 45 suboxone strips like its some goddamn drug porno
rt username humira have soooo many possible effects.
username i started with a ventolin puffer yesterday...he can borrow mine ;)
powerful but not mutual slimy read spirited old what is nog anyway? nexium painter and i death well usurp bonzi pickle sarah hyland
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
username username username username it's also fun to be clinically depressed and have to take cymbalta 16 times a day
congrats to the exelon project team for winning tgs project of the year!  hastag tekenergy hastag teknortheast hyperlink
username username shut up, i know you're thinking he spelled cymbalta wrong. well, cut me some slack..i don't use the stuff. hastag excuses
username lol i swear all the teachers use to be like one person you don't mess with in this school is lyrica lmao miss you boo !
not even adderall can force me to pay attention to us history right now..
username hi dan, i take crestor and the price went from $25 to $45. it is not cool.good luck in all you do!
i fully believe these nicotine patches have made it possible to get this far with not smoking.
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
come on trazodone knock me outtt
aliskiren might be the biggest disappointment in the last 10 years. kudos for investing in the science, tho. hastag esccongress2013
ok latuda you're not selling yourself w/ all those side effects. shit.
username no....i've been harassing methadone buprenorphine dispensing pharmacies all morning
twitterverse, my delema: i can't sleep. if i pop an oxycodone i might still be under the influence for my 1st patient.  do it? yes or no
finally my suboxone kickin in
username new med onglyza started now no met. and insulin need down 2/3
oh and if you are not following the insanely talented username you should be. her book prozac nation helped me so much.
username a little drug called bystolic which is also a bp med. since i've been on that i finally feel like i can maybe get off paxil
depression hurts, cymbalta can help. -commercial lady
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hastag routinewreck
username username wonder if there are any eylea offlabel on dme already, no one should surpris by the +ve trial outcome.
piroxicam and 75mg lyrica i took r making me ko, but simply touching my own leg makes me wanna cry or scream
username i'll buy you a paxil smoothie.
rt username humira+ metho 5mg&lt; humira + metho 10 = humira + metho 20. hastag eular2013
effexor with cialis
i need cymbalta
username really advair is not a rescue inhaler,u username shld b held acctable if some1 dies, never use purple disc 4 rescue,i hastag wrong
username i tak dengar sangat the ones before tapi you and i both and the remedy antara my top jason mraz tracks. hes quite hippy nowadays grinning face with sweat
my ex friend the rockabilly midget has finally figured out my exuberant smiles were in fact fake. beware of prozac ladies.
jessica simpson? dexilant williams. kim kardashian george washington
username username username yep, seems expensive uhm...we have to plan it, only this way we'll know how much it's going to cost
username co-codamol and diclofenac work pretty well.
i need my suh-bree-vuh. (aka spiriva pronounced spur-ee-vuh)
username hey man good job on the xarelto commercial.
username my thyroid is a-okay. i have sacroiliitis, and am being put on humira, if they give it to me for free. :)
then the groom burst through the door in a black tux with a hospital bed or something attached to him. thanks, effexor. always an adventure
username i've never tried latuda but i've heard good things about it. i take haldol and it's worked wonders for me.
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
adderall is really crazy and you can be productive and get a lot done if you take it in the right mindset!!! hahahahaha
make money are jufran and poo. dexilant
i can hold my head high without fear of brittle bones thank you boniva
imma need some seroquel and some xanax to sleep. .. hastag simmerdown
can't believe i asked my doctor to put me back on geodon. actually i wish he would have put me back on geodon
rt username from pharmaceutical approvals monthly, the real story behind the delayed approval of $bms/$pfe's eliquis $ hyperlink
last big launch q i remember was tecfidera $biib. big beat, big guidance raise, stock down next month. unknown more import than known $gild
alright, januvia (a medication i just heard about), you sound like genovia. hastag theprincessdiaries hastag neverforget
lawsuit starting with victoza
username boniva saved my life
username username baclofen and e-cig are probably the 2 magic deux ex machina of public health !” 1 main diff: e-cig is not a medicine!
statin standoff: does rosuvastatin tip the balance in diabetic patients? hyperlink
81 percent. as of 2013, the prevention regimen recommended in the united states consists of three medications—tenofovir, emtricitabine and
username username agree was just about to type same. no green tea w velcade hastag amyloidosis hastag mmsm
.@boehringerus' tiotropium bromide hastag inhalation spray approved for treatment of broncospasm associated with hastag copd.
hunter pence has pretend staring contests w/ phil mickelson during phil's enbrel ads.
rt username comparison of 4 hastag antipsychotics in patients over 40 with hastag psychiatric disorders. hastag quetiapine least safe hyperlink
username the thalidomide kids in the hall hastag sadtvshows
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
nice username halftime beverage = halftime meds ... levaquin with a chaser of robitussin. (don't judge!) ; ) hastag cheers hastag zappos  hastag custserv”
islamophobia, and by islamophobia i mean liraglutide
rt username fycompa addresses big unmet need - refractory partial-onset seizures - yet g-ba doesn't recognise additional benefit b…
onglyza and nesnia (dpp4 inhibitors) were neutral re the heart without benefit or risk in t2dm at high risk for heart dz (nejm online 8/13)
i proposed denosumab for high risk patient who are using bp drug
username it isn't. only ranitidine. btw esomeprazole is more effective than lansoprazole but much more expensive, hence it's rarely given
so… are these victoza commercials supposed to justify dominique wilkins' performance at all star weekend???
does anyone else suffer symptom after symptom i only got diagnosed march and on tysabri and can't have anymore steroids i have had 3 lots
machiavelli winery blends sadistic rose flavors and a swift albuterol essence in their 2006 cabernet. hastag النصر
i get it takeda, uloric more effective for gout than allopurinol! # butcostisthe issueformost patients! mailoverload hyperlink
username username if i tweet my life to you for an hour you wouldn't need lunesta that night hastag boringlifelol
i'm gonna chase with my miralax tonight username gives 0 fux tonight
2/2 blood tests scheduled. bp normal now have own coaguckek machine. still aches and pains, legs better. taking codeine rivaroxaban losartan
username young elsa had been acting lately. still strong, still obedient, but it seemed to meridia that she wasn't as confident as
just saw u in a nexium commercial username u so cute face blowing a kiss
username enbrel only works on ra. i tested negative for lyme disease and every other testable autoimmune disease. not an easy process.
username can u manage viox i will pay
i like the username nexium commercials during hastag znation winking face
username antara quote best yang ada kat dinding ni  if u don't build ur own dream, someone else will hire u to help build theirs
temazepam is my life saver
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, you may qualify for compensation. 1.888.520.5202.
username in need of nicotine .” ini!
we file dangerous drugs lawsuits for people injured by any 1 of several dangerous drugs: accutane actos fosamax granuflo / dyalisis injury
not having adderall is getting to me. i can't stay up late for shit
username you should take olanzapine, or fluoxetine.
username take your damn advair everyday and that won't happen. how many years i been yelling at you about this? jeez!!
username jake control room is having fun at your expense, the are running your promo next to symbicort dog ad
you need some loperamide but for your mouth.
latuda the bipolar depression medication half of all its side effects include death.
username took your prozac this morning i see face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
until then, trazodone to the rescue hastag knockedout
rimonabant a great example of the need for increased specificity in treatments: cut appetite but led to suicides. dr. kendall hastag iceendo2014
haha some girl yaked saying she'd suck some dick for adderall face with tears of joy
drug-induced lupus erythematosus caused by tumor necrosis factor α such as etanercept causes + anti ds dna ab. hastag usmle
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
vote on approval 4 username spiriva respimat now. seems like its obvious which way it will go per how hastag fda directed them to vote.
eliquis may make you bleed to death
username i call them fluoxetine and diazepam. i'll tell you all about them in about 2 weeks
even worse. think venlafaxine morphine in an unpredictable ratio. rt username username don't forget tramadol, the other opioid.
give me my ventolin inhaler and two xenadrine
the free list includes over 2 dozen 90 day supplies. also, generics lipitor, plavix, flomax, proscar, cozaar, hyzaar, lexapro, effexor xr..
september industry speakers: 9/15 tom avram, exelon   1:30pm arms 1028 9/16 gene lamberson   6:30pm phys 223
victoza side effects: aids, ebola herpes, scrotal swelling, anal yodeling, chronic cocaine addiction, man boobs and heartburn. hastag scarycocial
imagine this was your hastag wedding venue. antara palace wellness destination spa. hastag cyprus. 1 word. wow username hyperlink
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
username i wish u could get the pills. mayb u need what i'm on lamictal, it really keeps me on the happy side a lot :)
perry and incorrect. you shorewood hills, suboxone i go to the fart wiring in sea breeze expensive street, so a big nose b.o. to taco bell
i told one of my bosses that i'm going to invent my idea of nuvaring tongs to get them out it's a done deal getting it patented
eye injections such as eylea have revolutionised the treatment of macular oedema associated with retinal vein occlusion and diabetes
i have four extra metoprolol pills and a stack of aciphex think i'm gonna need both tonight. hastag pulserate hastag acidissues hastag bruinsgettinscrewed
username dmdare from meridia
now they will need imodium or senacot. depends how the food is processed or not hastag imaceleb
username gettin it done exelon braidwood flex storage, braceville , il hyperlink
username don't forget the levothyroxine and the ever present omeprazole.
username adderall
username because i would totally take adderall face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
interesting use for ventolin inhaler hastag skint
username adderall can do crazy shit regardless. if you're taking it in combo with strattera, good luck man.
speaking of vyvanse, mine is wearing off.
pristiq makes my antidepressant sound sophisticated.
i need miralax or laxatives omgosh weary face
i just took my first enbrel shot and for the first time in months i'm able to dance. pain free. i'm so happy
username which is more effective...fluoxetine, cbt or both combined?
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
u know what i love more than studying on a weekend? shitty adderall connects.
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
first time with heartburn for months so i checked and i have been on hastag generic nexium again
username huh??? ritonavir is not a separate pill in the 3-daa regimen.
username username how long until an updated mac version? i need my muffle!
reviews kpt330 effect in death in conjunction with mm drugs (dix, bortezomib and carfilzomib) hastag ena2014
username assuming quetiapine.. do you know the mechanism by which it causes weight gain, please?
username not a specific class preferred but tzds can exacerbate hf and metformin should be used with caution during exacerbations hastag phrm741
don't take prolia if you are allergic to it no fucking shit thnk u so much most informative commercial i have ever seen
username they've already named drugs like tavist, boniva cealis after african american children.
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hastag mssucks
fresh air is the only the drug i need, i said to myself, forgetting i was outside running because of vyvanse and caffeine. hastag blessed
username username industrial studies (with the exception of diovan and small biotech) are rarely cooked this way nowadays
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
want beverly to know: depression hurts, but cymbalta can help!
rt username today's journal club: quetiapine reduces icu delirium in small db rct. important as little/no other evidence exits: hyperlink
username one of the 4 horseman $regn up 5% w/ eylea news! hastag stocks hastag investing
as it turns out, i not only needed puppy cuddles to feel better, but i was also down a cup of coffee and i forgot my viibryd
oh wow. rt username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
growing list of meps asking the eu to get thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to compensate those they disabled. time for justice. 50+ years
tysabri number 8 done, and for the first time afterwards, i have more energy!! :-)  hastag takethatms hastag beatms
username that dimwit will likely give her 12.5 of metoprolol and 2 of xanax q4
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
love the pharmaceutical talk today on username !! celebrex lyrica mention$ for username
are you down with crestor
hastag rehab hastag drug hastag drugs opiates dont affect me but...: i've taken vicodin (30 mg at once) and oxycodone (40 mg at once)... call 888-656-0067
username atomoxetine hcl selective na reuptake inhibitor
username take a loperamide pill gonnna help u
username username username it is people that kill! if my methadone is locked up and your suboxone isn`t then which is
username geodon is amazing
forgot to take my gabapentin this morning. my leg is electric. too much pain.
tamiflu really does manage flu symptoms nicely. it's just very strange bc i still feel sick, like the drug is only thing keeping me together
tamiflu priyanka chopra it's better gather love in jeer
rt username pharma news: eisai temporarily suspends commercial distribution of fycompa in germany: eisai has announced the... http…
username i have friends asking about the victoza trial now!
username username how bout them patriots? imodium works great doesn't it?
beware of robbie cipro. he punches girls in the head, knocks them to the ground and who knows what else. hastag youcouldbethenextvictim
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
risk of gi bleeding higher for pradaxa than warfarin; risk of mi similar on both drugs. overall safety profile slightly superior to warfarin
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
username h2h trials show uloric &gt; allopurinol getting uric acid &lt;6. febxt maybe safe w/ allopurinol hypersensitivity pts- needs study
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
username lunesta is better. i'm guessing it's just not covered enough to get that refreshing sleep. or you could just drink milk.
couldn't care about falkirk right now more interested in the abilities of imodium before an 8hour flight hastag dubai
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
it was supposed to say crestor hastag autocorrect hyperlink
got a fax at work for some rando's prescription refill. venlafaxine... looks like someone is fighting major panic attacks&amp; depression hastag whoa
username username well it's brought my oxygen % up and they gave me levofloxacin 750 mg through an iv..
anyone ever taken quetiapine? i've been on it for a week, not too sure how i feel about it yet. anyone want to share their experience?
oooops just realized i didn't take my synthroid yet :p not super late!
drug used in treatment of traveller's diarrhea is: a-ampicillin b-amoxicillin c-co-trimoxazole d-ciprofloxacin ans: ciprofloxacin
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
username good luck, sweetie! ;-) ive done good w tecfidera so far. way btr than those damn betaseron injections! :'(
username when i first started taking nebivolol (bystolic, a beta blocker) it was $70 a month. it was lowered to $30. yay!
cool is running out of albuterol because you don't have a dr to prescribe it or advair, which would also prevent you from running out of alb
it's an obsession can't you see? just hand me the paroxetine. (8)
rt username two patients died 3-4 days after injections with the long-acting antipsychotic drug hastag olanzapine hastag zyprexa hyperlink
i took the rest of the lunesta pills from my dresser
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
username username you know we love you lozenge
username halls. totally losing my voice and need a lozenge. haha.
repost: by: gee turner. does anybody here take latuda for bpd? do you have any opinions?
oh yay. ciprofloxacin just in time for the weekend. i thank you vietnam egypt. alcohol, see you in 7 days. hastag sick
username oh i did! mostly. a combo of vimpat and klonopin!
maybe username should try a lunesta for his sleeping problems hastag emabiggestfans1d
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
new username has a free belviq  hastag weightloss trial voucher. includes username free hastag loseit ap hyperlink
discount pricing examples include $25 for 90 day supplies such as lipitor, plavix, effexor xr, lexapro, proscar, aricept, flomax generics.
username i'm on anti-tnf injections, called etanercept (trade name enbrel). changed my life around. took 10.5 years for a diagnosis!
does boniva also reverse the aging process? hastag oscars hastag sallyfield
hastag dabigatran licensed for vte prophylaxis (not in us) after elective tha/tka but not for vte treatment.
username temazepam all the way. prescription only.
username is like heroin, i want to quit because of what they are doing to username but i can't. is there a suboxone for espn? hastag freesimmons
i have taken my enbrel injection,taken my other meds,ate breakfast,laundry is done and put away.
username get yourself some trazodone.
genius nuvaring integration in hastag newgirl hastag birthcontrol is so tough to do for hastag brandedentertainment kudos to whatever agency did that!
hastag researchstudy hastag drug for rheumatoid arthritis called tofacitinib citrate spurs hair growth in hastag bald men --&gt; best hastag baldnews in decades !!! :p
taking viagra diclofenac
latuda is a bipolar treatment drug... my first thought was someone's gonna see this and name their baby latuda. hastag ghettonames hastag youknowit
the schools wifi is way more effient for downloading music than my apartments wifi.
had a severe stroke 10yrs ago (chol was +15 am on crestor ezetrol as mine is genetic! now its 4.8!bt. 2 late coz damage done! anon kzn
i'm opening a restaurant called anhedonia and all we're going to serve is diet root beer and old candy corn hastag zyprexa
rt username if you have hastag crohns must use hastag remicade, hastag humira or hastag cimzia, u will find this video informative. hyperlink
anyways. i went to the dr today bc my asthma is lit out of control and my dr agreed abt that plus he gave me advair :c it tastes bad
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
username result bjp favour kastam antara confounded face grimacing face .. modi wave kuda help avvada..
effects of atomoxetine on attention and impulsivity in the five-choice serial reacti hyperlink
be feeling the looking symbicort breakdancing dixy y king. honk. huey just learned how to boot. meka chala, meka pew plymouth
i'm lack of nicotine, omg.
american discount pharmacy has a $25 for 90 day supply list for fda-approved generic lipitor, plavix, flomax, lexapro, effexor xr, more.
they tried giving me tamiflu but i can't keep anything down so they're about to iv me username username what are they giving you?”
i wish they wouldn't have taken my suboxone but it's whatever unamused face
username hastag isaynotosmokingbecause nicotine is what blurs the line between life and death: it makes the smoker a living-dead!
oh wait.... you had to get free suboxone to get off the china??? you rat
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
i did it!!! thank god i only do this every 2 weeks. i don't think all the liquid went in though confused face hastag humira hastag crohns hyperlink
i just put miralax in apple cider and chugged it with my nose plugged it's so gross
this maybe a long shot... does anyone in manchester have any spare metformin or gliclazide? asking for a friend. hastag doc hastag gbdoc hastag ourd
mazes with neymar for prizes, for example, always present the same level of imodium ad.
hastag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin did not reduce macrovascular events in hastag diabetics with cvd or multiple risk factors - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
username i take trazodone for my hastag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
rt username is it like dangerous to fall asleep with a throat lozenge in your mouth?
once the lozenge puts the cough to rest. peroxide in my fuckin' chest. a dollop in the water and i'm dropping into consciousness.
username between the launch of esomeprazole in 2001 and 2005, the drug has netted astrazeneca about $14.4 billion. username
username so scary. as a nurse i see levaquin given so much.
username also if it gets bad and she's having trouble, they can have miralax mixed with juice, our pediatrician recommended it!
username don't go there. i went on lyrica for nerve pain, it did exactly what your specialist said.
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
fuck sake ave just watched some wee guy who's maw was clearly on the thalidomide fae ek sing little things by one direction and wis greetin
hastag enbrel vs hastag remicade anyone know the difference? enbrel 'may' not be the right bio for me.
absurd the my patient had to go to 6 pharmacies to get find one that could dispense zyprexa and then the stock was out of date .....
username why did my doctor put me on cymbalta for fibromyalgia? what ever happened to good old fashioned narcotics?
username hopefully type 2 and metformin will help
username only 3 re-fils on your albuterol rx is tough boy
sally field looks amazing. that boniva is the shit.
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
un ventolin pls
username does joke work with imodium ?
somebody gave me an adderall at sxsw but i saved it for when i got back to work, am i an hastag adult?
so i need adderall like right now
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username loool he makes colly worth attending, fucked guy!! ill dm u miss thalidomide x
the time i really need to take my nebulizer i can't find any xopenex OK hand clapping hands
the dr upped my meds. on that coffee and atomoxetine grind. can't stop, won't stop.
i take adderall to stay focused, pot to mellow me out, cocaine to wake me back up again, and morphine, well, because it's awesome.
stopped believing in super heroes when i discovered what adderall was...like shut up superman you got a prescription, no wonder you can fly
hastag rxchatng metformin
hey tamiflu commercial guy! i understand you feel like shit, but do you have to look like you're about to cry your little eyes out? bitch.
username username but there was a time release form of oxycodone which was oxycontin, which active ingredients were just oxycodone
username homie sounds like he needs a lozenge asap
twitter after hours is like a cymbalta commercial. hastag sodepressing
osteoporosis update: etiology-familial,not reversible rx prolia inj. repeat bmd in 18 mo restricted activities prognosis ? hastag thankyouall
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
username my brand-name crestor went up $23 this month. why?
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
teratogenic drugs: major non-antibiotics tap cap: thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin
username lots of adderall
let me have my morning coffee and prozac before you start your shit.
that boniva is working!!! sally field looks fucking amazing.
rebif and betaseron increased 9% this year, gilenya by 6%, and tysabri by 6%.
so apparently rum and lunesta mean i'm wide awake eating cheese? hastag fail
if i have another girl i'm naming her januvia
$bmy 11:08 am bristol-myers and pfizer: in a subanalysis, eliquis (apixaban) reduced the risk of stroke and demonstrated fewer major...
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
eliquis helped me up my game! may cause red, pink, or brown urine; red or black stools (looks like tar)  hastag apixaban
username levaquin should be a drug of last resort. hope you are feeling better
username i was on olanzapine last year.
username username breathing treatments 3-4 xs a day albuterol 4xs a day advair 2 xs day 7% hyper saline 2 xs a day pulmazyme 1 x a day
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
username want to join viox as gfx
wanna stay up to watch girl code and ke$ha, but wanna take trazodone and cry myself to sleep hastag thestruggle
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
just mixed miralax with myquil... im going to have shitty dreams now.
username if you have good drug benefits, rivaroxaban is an option.
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
username in adults, hastag onj ( hastag osteonecrosis of the jaw) may occur w/ bisphosphonates to slow hastag bonemetastases. see also vs. hastag denosumab
one of the best therapies for women w hastag pcos is diet/lifestyle and metformin which lowers hastag insulinresistance helps hormones
latuda is literally a death pill.
username albuterol ventolin boys
username suboxone
dwayne johnson. a sticker listens aranesp
headache definitely not as bad today and the cymbalta needs some timing adjustments.
namte semcam gue d antara kalian :'( cr: thestarmagazine hyperlink
username instructions for ciprofloxacin say no milk for two hours before/after taking. is that no milk at all? or would tea be ok?
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
username username username raloxifene might be able to replace estrogen without siezures, but also without boobs
c dis nurse, cm gimme iv rabeprazole jor username iyee see dr.. gws tohm! username ....swear i'm getting a peptic ulcer frowning face
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
username username *buys rope, bins prozac*
username i would share my paxil with you any day of the week
we got kids in my high school doing adderall in the school bathrooms. thanks username . you guys are an inspiration to schools across.theus
username there is... it's called prozac!
not suitable for women who may become pregnant so don't take crestor if you plan on getting it on tonight? hastag cholesterol
username used to be. but as it says on the wikipedia page (think i may have added it) ventolin really helps relieve it.
username lozenge - sucretes are the best
$ttph ignite ii trial evaluates iv-oral eravacycline vs. levofloxacin cutis (urinary tract). two part.. lead in 150 pats.. data mid-2014
naloxone***, not naltrexone is in suboxone, subutex is buprenorphine only. username hyperlink
username and not just statins. the same thing was said about tamiflu, and the same things were said after the rosiglitazone saga.
just saw a symbicort commercial that hijacked the 3 little pigs story and i'm pretty upset about it
username wow! didn’t know about advair connection! ugh. sounds icky!
let's overdose on trazodone, and let it all fade away
julio ramírez rct oseltamivir not effective in hospitalized influenza after 3 days #42aamr
humira might cause cancer... i'd rather suffer with psoriasis.
i need temazepam and alprazolam.... is there any doctor can prescribe for me?? :/
exactly jah..risedronat nu once a weekrt username ristonat itu actonel nyh phapros yaah !!!
tell me , who i have to beeee , to get some re- cipro-city
taking that vyvanse was a mistake jfc
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
username i can also relate. i had anemia and then diagnosed with mm. most recently on velcade feb-nov '13. now in remission.
username comed incentive comp directly tied to customer benefits grid law. exelon earnings can reduce but never increase comed comp.
username give her a prozac and she will fly
reading through several articles of the german medicines law...jesus, why did i wanted to write about thalidomide again?
my doctor's office gave me four free advair samples because my insurance still isn't covering it even though they sent a letter
seroquel is weird dont ever let em prescribe you it. ok just don't and you'll be okay
i'm starting to retake my adderall today. oh, man. this is gonna be rough. (g)
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
acquisition bargain tadalafil second-rate online minute: buy cialis pills buy cialis online - effects of cialis cialis i forgot my password
for me, apixaban is the clear winner in terms of the noacs for af. our cardiologists have starting doling out it like smarties.
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
username username maybe just rp someone else entirely then. you're still called meridia ffs.
username is there a form of birth control other than the patch or nuvaring that i don't have to take every day that also helps with acne?
username miralax and ex lax
advair an asthma drug costs $300 in this country in france $35 why? drug lobby spends over $100 million a year making sure you do.
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hastag ihatethis
username nexium
your porn name is the name of the primary drug you take and your favorite cooking oil. so mine is latuda sesame
username no, though i've heard it doesn't really work. many still kept getting that nuvaring commercial or whatever.
tonight's beer pong travesty is brought to you by boniva and depends hastag fallontonight
username uhh...viibryd? it's rather new, which is why i can't have it yet. my doctor has to tell my insurance to let me.
milk + trazodone = sleeping face
username but didn't because apparently it interacts with lamotrigine i'm on. weird.
*sam just sits by, silently watching meridia with a sweet smile, utterly infatuated with the beautiful goddess*
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
omg i am here at one of hospitals and some patient overdosed on sildenafil (viagra), his new friend is about to be amputated looooool
username wowza, if u don't mind me asking what for? i used to take the tablets for psoriasis but i now inject etanercept once a week x
magic. check. ket. check. chang. check. imodium. check. paracetamol. check. ibuprofen. check. imodium again. check hastag middleagedclubbing
friday night in dosed up on codeine, paracetamol, ibuprofen, pregabalin, temazepam and zimovane. i sound like a prescribed drug addict face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
getting along with rob and that geodon sent me on a bit of a downward spiral. i was find until weber human gave me geodon. funny they notice
i fucking hate the crestor commercials.
username please don't worry.  hastag humira works great 4 many hastag crohns patients w/ minimal side effects.  hastag ibd
what the hell is up with these crestor ads? they make me cringe
wonder if username knows 1/4 of claimed $580mil saving would be from atorvastatin that will take another 45 per cent cut on 1 oct?.
username sure. hmu on skype. i am very happy that viox now has a competent leader. skype: im.the.inferno        best regards mate!
username melatonin tea when my sleep starts falling apart. pain specialist recently put me on gabapentin for sleep fibro. helped
toprol difference bystolic norvasc blood sugar toprol xl metoprolol to toprol calculator toprol pill description beta bloc
probably should have hit up the over the counter brand of nexium days ago. doubled up in pain for the day, no idea how i did a gig this am
depression hurts cymbalta can suck this dick
username my doc put me on trazodone for my insomnia. worked well.
username i have plenty here, thanks. it's a funny word, lozenge.
sprinkling adderall into my oatmeal smiling face
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
username - i took humira for as also - for over a year no issue - on remicade now, which is working great
username if you serve imodium a-d instead of after-dinner mints... hastag cookingmaynotburthing
example of beta- blockers bisoprolol carvedilol nebivolol lol monkey
never said lil b or tyler, the crestor were the greatest rappers ever. they're in my top five because i enjoy their music.
username username that was the vioxx debacle. they had to pay $5 billion for that in 2007. seems like a sufficient disincentive.
adderall and jack3d got me bout to fuck the gym up. too bad it's just planet fitness tired face
username my current mix is remicade, imuran and ciproflaxin. doc talked about switching to humira
username also called alvesco i believe but not a quick fix needs to build up over a couple of weeks x
$arna if u guys dont know the side effect on chemical of fenfluramine + phentermine = do research on this topic folks - u will see why!
username since do you need ventolin pensive face ?
i can't wait until i get off of paxil because that's what is probably making my face break out.
i'm pretty sure i just saw mr. smith from the matrix in the background of a prolia commercial. sneaky mr. smith. very sneaky...
username yea prozac and lexapro can hav sum fucked up effects...
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
username how's tecfidera going now?
i know i get in my feelings sometimes but yo depressed ass need cymbalta
alkie winery binds toasty albuterol essences and a titillating brussels sprout finish in their 2011 pinot grigio. hastag job
rt username the diagnosis of depression didn’t become popular in japan until glaxo-smithklein got approval to market paxil in the c…
trenton, n.j. — electricity company exelon it will close the nation's oldest oyster creek nuclear power plant in 2019
exams are basically just a sign that the demand for vyvanse is gonna go up tenfold
username that'll be thalidomide which was passed as a medicine by the relevant authority at the time? username username
nuclear power producer exelon to buy pepco for $6.83 bln
username fda also approved vioxx we know what happened there. better to use hastag exercise lifestyle changes as medicine.
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
the furries in that symbicort commercial distracted me.
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
username *watches as rain waters the cymbalta*
lot of coverage for kadcyla this morning; ms treatment tecfidera has been held up by nice for the same cost reasons for a month now.
gonna roll out again got to pick up my suboxone and now feeling a bit dizzy nurse called on my folks phone instead of mine the number i left
sulbutamol to ventolin nebulizer now.. getting better. no more steroid injection :)
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
username can we?? ill bring the miralax
cuddling with izzy since this seroquel is kicking in. i hope i get at least 10 hours.
username have elan shares purchased at 20€ a share staying with elan( it is a major r&amp;d pharma who delivered on tysabri) truly irish comp
fda has approved prolia (denosumab) for treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture hyperlink
username this is viibryd and seems to be giving me the symptoms it's meant to be treating.
username you may be eligible to take part in a nuvaring lawsuit. if you have suffered while using nuvaring, contact us at 800-800-5678
best day ever. i got welchol cups raising hands raising hands hyperlink
moxifloxacin = best name ever
dutasteride improves urinary symptoms bone density in hypogonadal men with benign prostatic enlargement low baseline testosterone. study
tonight on la strada: diana nyad translates imodium ad; reggie bush wins sweater
username username do you want imodium
rt username pregabalin and duloxetine are approved by the u.s. food and drug administration for the treatment of fibromyalgia.
username username looks interesting. i've been on lacosamide for a year and so far the results are great.
username cymbalta can help (':
username we're 3 months in and on velcade but no change so far. starting thalidomide in 3 weeks...tumor on pelvis and protein in blood
the stress of everything, on top of this presentation, makes me miss my nexium
username xarelto has had the indication. we have used feiba successfully for one case. treating with xarelto for dvt and sending home :)
the breakfast club: a jock, a wasteoid, a popular girl, a nerd (all vampires) and a factive who identifies as a member of fallout boy.
tamiflu is advertising on tv now? is this new or did i just not know b/c i don't have cable? ugh.
username scribe thinks it was eliquis (apixaban).
now metformin m/r goes out of stock and we are sipposed to be supposed to be fighting diabetes !!!! should not be allowed to happen
humira, the sub-cute-tiny-ass injection. hastag arthrtispuns
just saw a crestor ad that was sampling lowrider. the end of the world is near people.
bring imodium ad ouch
went to ann taylor it sounds very vain constipation probably cuz midwife nog clown enbrel sabrina soto vin diesel new car! the acura laugh.
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
to all the people with the fireworks scaring my cat, i hope you start humira without the tb test, and also hope you have tb. hastag lungers
you better perform lunesta del rey
vyvanse is the greatest. will be my savior this week
$1 million idea: load advair into an e-cig so you can just casually vape during an asthma attack. bye bye wheezing, hello looking cool!
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
username username really? from what i heard, i thought suboxone is like an opiate replacement but that it has it's own wd too..
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
username humira! every 3 weeks!
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
update 2-nuclear power producer exelon to buy pepco for $6.83 bln
why is that one crestor commercial using the george lopez theme song?
username there are other strains of amphetamines as well, focalin for instance, which has a much softer effect than adderall.
username love ya' too~ i think i was just more upset that sammy was sad... i love the meridia account. best meri ever! *nudges*
username i take advair (inhaler) monteleukast (antihistamine) mine is well-controlled.
username it replaces both as a mood stabilizer. two days on saphris and i felt like i was dorothy going from b&amp;w to color world hastag bpd
.@harrylooknorth username hi re: 'velcade three' you said velcade was for 'bone cancer', it's for multiple myeloma a bone marrow cancer
being switched from infliximab to humira following today's performance!
15.15 rivaroxaban diary day 24. pains easing all the time. didn't take losartan yesterday. will get bp and hopefully inr checked today.
username right yeah. like to me though all of that falls into the 'do no harm' thing or like - suboxone is the only thing docs can use to
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
doc for lepra reaction type 1..glucocorticoids type 11 thalidomide ..
what do you feed on? nicotine and wishful thinking. hastag lostgirl hastag truth
username oh, no! enough fluticasone to ruin a perfectly good oikos? or are you a chobani fan?
i might even have to go back on humira if i've developed antibodies in my liver to the infliximab. but, one step at a time, right? :)
perrigo receives final fda approval for diclofenac sodium topical solution 1.5% w/w
username diclofenac tablets are the best for back pain. i had crippling pain for weeks but it sorted it out in two days
lunesta is $330??!! how in the hell do those a - holes sleep at ni... wait. never mind.
username here is a fun fact about the hastag almonds, a handful of almonds gives the same effect as a dose of hastag prozac!
have a fucking lozenge judith or at least adjust your mic. rt username bird on the end needs a soother hastag qanda
cleaned my house. thanks vyvanse :)
it wouldn't surprise me if this infection triggered a mini relapse at all. but it also means that my tysabri is working.
hastag adderallhadme singing wonder wall by oasis but saying and maybe your gonna be the one that saves mee.. and after all your my adderall
username there's a compound in tecfidera that could hatch jc virus, but only if you are a carrier of the virus. blood work tests for jc
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
username bc you cant buy meridia
hastag dispatches waiting to watch tonight's show about victoza which is very worrying to me as i have been on this medication since last year
username username docs didn't share your optimism when faced with exubera lung testing
pradaxa is a blood thinning medication used to reduce the risk of stroke in patients with af, commonly known as irregular heartbeat.
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
improved screening assay for buprenorphine in umbilical cord
i need some birth control but i don't know if i want the nuvaring or pills
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
username yeah, thalid is short for thalidomide
username i'm on paxil for that so trust... i understand!
today is the day i totally ditch zoloft and switch to paxil only
um yay venlafaxine set off a mixed episode. calming down now after weeks, now back to the depression of before. yay indeed
metformin beats other type 2 diabetes drugs for those newly diagnosed: study. username
username username it's okay, if she ever does- just make her drink diclofenac and misoprostol together. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username mississiqoi valley union, where straight a students search for adderall to 'do better' hastag hypocrite  hastag smack” yea u caught me
username wow impressed! i'm thinking of going the remicade route because i'm nervous about the humira shot.
gabapentin and pregabalin best drugs for diabetic neuropathy. (kaplan 2ck) hastag diabetes
cold and flu tablets, ibuprofen, sore throat lozenge and olbas oil to help me with this god damn cold :(
metformin short or allocated at some wholesalers. increase of supply issues expected.
username ohh aah mix and match. aku confuse antara mix and match dgn show me the money.
username nexium twice a day. take generic omeprazole instead. same thing, but much cheaper. az should be ashamed it marketed nexium.
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
username username username yeesh, i head pristiq is a good option after effexor?
username just looked up etanercept on wikipedia sue and ....my brain is fried! hope it does the business for you though
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
username username my husband was offered gabapentin too. yes our dr is good when it comes to me but she didnt used to be, we've had
username username username my enbrel is $2500/month, but $25 after insurance. the thing is, it works.
punt hastag badpharma hastag camh in the face for promoting hastag pfizer's hastag varenicline - ditto hastag labatt's hastag blue, hastag beamish, hastag mccain hastag elililly hastag prozac hastag toronto
the number of fosamax cases filed in the country against merck, the maker of fosamax, has continued to grow. se habla espanol.1.888.520.5202
trazodone tweets are happening anyway! yay!
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
username ambien, seroquel, and self-hatred. and thank you so much.
username username username exelon is your friend hastag oupas
oh please!! aviva is using the advair diskus on camera for attention. that's a 2x's a day med with a steroid, not a rescue inhaler. hastag rhony
my ma jus bouqht me sum nicotine qum !
*pats username on theback* u ok there? *hands her a lozenge* hastag paymentreceivedinfull username username username username
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy-also found in prozac.”thought this said proasheck :) username
username if i had talked to others before starting treatment i probably would have gone with tysabri too
hastag plsnote sildenafil (the active ingredient contained in viagra) may cause unwanted side effects that require medical attention
username username eliquis does not have an antidote. not sure about xarelto. scribe's mom was in icu 10 days last fall, on eliquis...
username username im on my way to lake meridia atm! you guys should come!
can't get enough of your lunesta hastag insomniacsongs hastag barywhite
username clinical anxiety disorder, depression am on butrans patches, 600mg pregabalin, 45mg mirtazipine, 60mg duoloxetine, 30mg celecoxib
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
username why is your fav lozenge something that tastes terrible
u.s. authorities quiz astrazeneca over brilinta clinical trial: london (reuters) - astrazeneca is being investigated by u.s. authorit...
neurofen, paracetamol, fluoxetine and anything else i can get my hands on?
rt username [clinical trials] abbvie study assesses role of predefined doses of methotrexate when used with humira hyperlink
100 mg's of seroquel and 20 mg's of valium and i'm still not tired.
without boniva sally would be just a mumbling pile of shattered bone. hastag blessed hastag oscars
username indeed, eylea is a bit light, growth has leveled off, dme data is inline with lucentis 1 yr chart, zaltrap is crap. $regn
ventolin is my new bff two hearts two hearts face with medical mask
username just gimme a boniva
the horrible creepy lunesta moth will literally kill you in your sleep.
rt username lilly pleads ignorance: not aware of any confirmed cases mt username fda probes 2 zyprexa deaths hyperlink
yey. i have more paroxetine. doctor says a minimum of 12 months on them. i'd honestly rather not come off them.
username i'm supposed to take pristiq latuda together lol.. but i'm kinda scared to get latuda.
i am astounded at the number of kids here in college dependant on adderall right now just to study for exams. i cannot believe it right now.
username username humira is next in line… going for remicade tomorrow, plan on talking to nurse before i see gastro in november
kaul advocates for dabigatran as the noac with the most robust data, rivaroxaban as the one with the best marketing team.
i like taking saphris because it's taken the way i used to take ecstasy (under the tongue).
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
rt username lady asked what's difference between venlafaxine tabs m/r tabs. told her it's a lot of happiness in one go or a littl…
i swear decem forgetting she has cymbalta! take ur meds!
or psychiatric help. yeah the latter is better. life can't cure crazy. olanzapine, quetiapine, risperidone aripiprazole might help. might.
hastag cmsc2013: ptm is an important tool to allow patients to deliver a bolus of extra baclofen for pain/spasticity hastag msresearch
not understanding why the ciclesonide canister is so loose. it only really sticks in after you press on it because when you take it out
username but...the metformin and viagra scripts? how will they be filled?
username . this may be the imodium talkin but i swear i ain't shittin ya !
this is flu haiku the doc gave me tamiflu i need chicken soup hastag fluseason
do i feel weak because of running out of symbicort 400/12, because of strenuous gardening, or because of rivaroxaban (xarelto)?
bayer announces health canada approval of nexavar for differentiated thyroid cancer treatment
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
hastag obamassorethroat if you like your nexium, you can keep your nexium. unfortunately, nexium is not covered by obamacare
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
this throat lozenge tastes like sambucca vom
sister took my makeup with her to vegas = i put miralax in all her protein powder.
lol i can't believe someone brought up seroquel last night...
hastag cipralex was tame, but holy shit is hastag seroquel intense, and i'm 5 ft 9, 245 lbs.! hastag becareful hastag taperingoff
username this looks like an ad for some new vesicare pill. where's the hardtop and water bottles?
username lmao i love my nuvaring
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
username i'm back on remicade. humira proved i can't be on those type of biologics. i had my antibody test yest. i totally get where
is it objective, that is, does it refer to apples, health and a half hours. i'm not even on any vyvanse! hastag swag
diovan new york city breeze ready fart colonel ron othello why, that's nearly 7 horse ebooks mean coal i lizard feces grey
this vimpat shit is working but the side effects are hell
username the one wearing her nuvaring as a bracelet.
username sometimes i wonder if a shot of my ventolin will help.
username  confounded face oh noooo so u think it true too?!? where's username ? hoovie i'm depressed tired face their going to put me on cymbalta confused face ...
so i took an adderall to focus clean the pile of poo out of my place then started drinking my vsop i had left.. i think i'm feeling myself.. haha
/iggy's slowly practicing necromancy and there's no meridia to stop him.
username try imodium a.d. - it may help to stop the diarrhea spewing out your mouth.
username you gotta take that advair in the summer atleast 1 a day
username levaquin tid? yikes
yuck. nicotine lozenges make your mouth feel like you're sucking on a battery. hastag me
oxycodone is a gift from god zzz zzz
username username no! modafinil is a cognitive enhancer (originally for adhd) - sildenafil is viagra!
all the same, forward spite of paxil medicamentation, high blown willpower and a divine breath hope to god in or:
is crestor supposed to be some weird college these people went to? hastag commercial hastag cholesterol hastag lame hyperlink
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
i just realized that the word paxil has the word peace in it.
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hastag effexor
username username oh shit i have a blue inhailer a purple inhailer and spiriva smoked for 50 years worked in bad places too
$arna not only is weekly script (averaged, of course) rising, belviq is taking mkt share away from $vvus (qsymia) and generic phentermine!!
if i tweet about any drug, be it pot, prozac, trileptil, seroquel, remeron, etc. it's because i've actually ingested them. not read of them.
username username my doctor gave me ativan to get on the plane and lunesta to sleep thru it
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
thank you diclofenac sodium for keeping my back together hahaha
pop that ass like a prozac! lmao
xanax and a trazodone. time to pass the fuck out
lunesta system wonders
this pharmacy life !! sildenafil for a dog?? whyyyh
i need some cymbalta
1multipurpose prevention tech.approved by username is a fixed dose comb.of sitagliptin ( hastag diabetes)&amp; simvasttiin (hypercholesterolemia) hastag hivr4p
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
literally couldn't work out a solid way to get out of that stuff. it was just a complete nightmare. meridia in general is seriously tough
where tf did i find a spiriva pen? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy hyperlink
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
username advair face with tears of joy
somewhere between caffeine and nicotine you will find me unentertained and worn out.
my friend calls gabapentin yo gabba gabba
bad things happen when you confuse your child's flovent with their albuterol for weeks on end. i do not recommend it. hastag pediatrics
hastag elderlywebsites munchies for miralax
hastag pittmpnc metformin is category b - safe to use throughout pregnancy hastag timetochangepractice
username this is serious jay,i am sure you know. my daughter had double pneumonia in 2007, took levaquin and other meds to clear, hastag recover
had a huge wait at hospital 2day 6 hrs 4 a 1 hour tysabri infusion this was defo a day 2 4get! hastag boardsenceless
proper treatment of a 72-year-old female who has been taking boniva iv should include all except what?
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
off for a coffee and a lozenge for this nasty throat of mine. any old remedies out there?
still struggling from the hastag colonscopy and waiting to hear from the consultants could be going to humira hastag crohns hastag bestrong
username you're wrong actually today it's seroquel :p
y now it's time for the zostavax show starring harrison ford. oh, adjust.
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
don francisco vineyards fuses orgasmic cactus overtones and a shameful albuterol aftertaste in their 2007 sauvignon blanc. hastag عندنا
i'm gonna fuckin murder you in your sleep.-latuda latuda ii hyperlink
username so what do you take for the pn?? i'm on gabapentin 2700mg/day, nortriptyline, and metanx and still have breakthrough pain! ugh
username username hastag cmscop11: veterinary diclofenac is a real risk to vultures in spain hastag banvetdiclofenac hyperlink
social media grab project fogcorn are eating pork. sit on xarelto milton bradley hmlkiqaj reddcoin aggressive
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
...to humanity of course. no mention of doing same to nicotine gum, lozenges, or crappy inhalers. or banning fags that harm us everyone...
someone please crush xanax and adderall into a strong n dirty martini for me
fosamax-poke around the ways for purge osteoporosis: .ocu
username 2/2 which if any pa rx help with extreme fatigue? enbrel helped at first, and although it con't. to work for pa, the fatigue came back.
username crestor is the worst.
stop taking trazodone and call your doctor at once if you have a penis erection that is painful or lasts 6 hours or longer.my sleeping pills
need more oxy , need ventolin
i need to use rimonabant (reverse marijuana) for better memory.
username omg you need to be prescribed temazepam forreal
username username hobby insurance will cover tubal ligation,and sildenafil citrate, think about that and explain it to me
it's dixy y king. honk. let the cartoon begin. starring reba. i live in imodium ad, and i attend heavycoin school.
first day i'm actually taking vyvanse in weeks and i feel so productive but i'm not even doing what i should be doing o well
username suboxone is stupid expensive
i took my first dose of humira on wed. still waiting for it to kick in...is it supposed to get worse before it gets better?
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
username advair they don't singular idk
kris in the bg in need of a lozenge
username username mine is 9.7 was told its in my genes so on 40mgs of atorvastatin krka a day ?
hastag huntforthelabyrinthkiller shelly daddyjudge needs 2 be on axona namenda 4 that early oletimers he got
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hastag vyvanse hastag daytimesleep
atorvastatin is used in adults and children who are at least 10 years old.
i feel a bout of depression coming on. time to up the dosage on my fluoxetine (the generic form of prozac.)  more praying too.
username and apparently loperamide can cross the blood brain barrier under exactly the right circumstances. explains the opiate high.
rt username $frx finally launches namenda xr in us, 3 years after approval. twice daily to once daily, but more importantly extends …
username metformin = gi, mala; su's (except diamicron mr) = hypoglycemia; januvia = pancreatitis; onglyza = heart failure. hastag diabetes
i've filled five tamiflu prescriptions today. hastag myinfluenzasenseistingling
username and media support needs to continue for thalidomide survivors to win their fight for compensation from manufacturer grunenthal
username username cover antara all of me sama when i was your man donggg gasss, pasti bagus dehhh... cover yaaa grinning face
tadalafil is a popular drug which finds many applications, commonly the ability to treat erectile dysfunction among men....
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hastag nap time for this girl. stupid hastag medications hastag paxil hastag trazodone hastag seroquel
username username usps employees who were given cipro ended up crippled by it filed a class action lawsuit against bayer.
comparing exubera device to $mnkd device like comparing a chevy to a porsche. mnkd device very well designed.
that medicine humira seems like it has more see effects than reliefs
boniva the musical rt username so, when is sally field coming to broadway? hastag tonyawards
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
euthyrox100 before breakfast, metoprolol tartrate after breakfast - lifetime partner!!!
thanks to diet pills, chain-smoking, black coffee, water and coconut water, antidepressant, sleeping pills and sibutramine hastag weak hastag ill
username i have run out of lyrica and my downstairs clinic is closed on sundays. help.
i need a throat lozenge. pill
bowel movement performs a knives the world series foot locker mommy islands lunesta paradigm snot not yacoin you. i sprinkles
rt username depresion hurts... cymbalta can help.
anyone on neurontin or know what it is? i just got prescribed to it.
the diabetes drug avandia has been linked to tens of thousands of heart attacks.
well, royce drank his juice w| miralax in it, hopefully it works. persevering face persevering face persevering face
antara nasionalisme fanatisme :| username only one day left to vote in the hastag timepoy poll! cast yours now hyperlink
username last time i met a meridia she was going to kill me on principle. didn't matter who i was.
username you came off it? hastag venlafaxine how come?
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
baumbach: spiriva accounted for over 3.5bn eur in 2013, up almost 4%, pradaxa up 16% to 1.2bn eur hastag biapc
username pop some trazodone!
unless it's adderall if you fuck with that please fuck with me if you trying to cop
should i be concerned that my last pack of hastag fluoxetine tablets were red yellow but the new lot are blue white?
my metformin alarm just went off in the silent library and i swear i just gave the asian kid next to me a serious heart attack lmfaoo
these same people don't even know what, who or where cipro is. the don't have a business bank account. but u own a company right? right.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
the toilet just flushed itself. my apartment is haunted. paxil tells me it's common for apartments to be haunted. send help
username username has decided that i should not take paxil or strattera after years without depression who knows what will happen
fenofibrate or xatral is safe in pregnancy but not for statin which are group x.
paxil made me suicidally depressed to the point where a voice screamed inside my brain about my own worthlessness
based nexium
data switch examined 3 arms, prolia then forteo, forteo then prolia, and combo switched to prolia hastag asbmr14
hundreds of fosamax lawsuits vs. merck ordered readied for trial
does anyone have any good stories of getting off hastag seroquel ?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” yay nanners
with iv in your vein feel you liquid like darvocet
whether you're taking the prozac, the xanax, or the paxil, whatever the hell they put in that capsule.
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
if i knew this was gonna happen i woulda paid the extra 3 pennsylvania tax dollars on marbols. i cant handle this bullshit nicotine free.
also, didn't take imodium bc that's cheating.
username physicians practicing current guidelines use effient over plavix. problem with effient is that it must be taken twice a day.
nanette milne msp username thalidomide art exhibition, discussing justice from grunenthal / german government hyperlink
5 hours til i forgo my nightly 300mg seroquel xr. get ready for the crazy.
will u plz manage viox i will pay
username thanks!! and i dont mind! i'm currently taking synthroid daily, about 2-3 iron pills a day(and im supposed to be taking other
username username doubtful, considering oseltamivir works on neuraminidase, which ebola doesn't have, i believe
username username username username username were all on different things. you prob need neurontin a good opiate
i usually snort a lipitor on the side. or crunch of a crestor and use it like sprinkles. username username
4 dulcolax pills down and only 64 oz of gatorade and an entire bottle of miralax to go. and all i want is a fucking pizza.
getting a boniva is not as hard as getting a boner.  hastag oldpeoplesexfacts
username perfect pour of 135 metoprolol hastag getonmylevel
i should really learn to wash my hands after handing out tamiflu at work... hastag followuptweet
why can we still not buy ventolin reliever inhalers over the counter? it's infuriating! i'm now stuck in limbo without one :( username
rt username username username should try some fluoxetine dan hastag psychology
preemptive imodium
someone write my report on the pharmacokinetics for eszopiclone pls
.@michaelblum3 username if only the nuvaring prevented bronchitis...i mean, i'm sure it does. it's a miracle drug.
username yes went well and i'm doing fine. repair of ankle ligaments from bad sprains. sucks being off enbrel but no infection!
username chippy just had trapped nerve in left shoulder, bloody annoying.. gabapentin tablets do the trick mate. get well soon.
tamiflu sales rocket as states stock up to fight ebola.
i can't wait until thursday i hope i get some fluoxetine and diazepam
wonder where my suboxone went that i just took.
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
username i dont get that! here's some suboxone to get off of heroin but you're going to take it for the rest of your life and if not
in current issue: buprenorphine maintenance, not detox, best for teens with opioid use disorders.
username don't post pics of my nuvaring plz
username on metformin username  hastag votesuperfruit thumbs up two men holding hands face blowing a kiss strawberry OK hand
t's breathing is bubbly-crackling :-( so have asked to work from home tomorrow and snuck into her room to give ventolin in her sleep.
username yeah. sorry! it was confirmed by a test. got tamiflu but missed a week of kinder. hastag teamflushot
username yes, with olanzapine, venlafaxine, gabapentin, oxycodone, mr pharmacist :)
pulmonary hypertension &amp;amp; viagra: researchers discover novel mechanisms of sildenafil for ...
diclofenac i love you
username username username in 2015 health ins per hastag aca will require women taking tamoxifen or raloxifene 2 jump thru hoops.
username username username username well the one he has they do. but at 24.99 just go to walmart and pay for a 40$ ventolin
i don't miss the nicotine of a cigarette but i miss the smoke. hastag nonicfits
coping with allergies in five easy steps: fluticasone propinate, loratadine, chlorpheniramine maleate, albuterol sulfate, and phenylephrine.
so down to 1 metformin tab a day now.
quetiapine recalled hastag bipolarnews
i literally live on benedryl and xopenex
username i gave up when she recommended levofloxacin for someone admitted with seizures
username yh prozac n ecstasy block neuron pathways or some shit
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
rt username whenever i see the ad for the drug humira, i imagine some white girl pronouncing username name like that.
moms quotes of the day: give me a half a vyvanse and i'll clean your room. and i'm just gonna have to start smoking pot to be around you
username username username username username username username username username thank god for crestor
hastag np nexium username i love these guys.
username this joke's prob been made before, but: nuvaring commercial, int-hipster loft: girl to guy: with this ring, i thee bed
the hope specialist service carried out lung health checks and gave out advice at tesco in grimsby on world copd day hyperlink
no. she nice? rt username username you ever tried their first cousin lunesta
mouse? you need beano. piano resource twenty towards the truth with dragon's lair garlic jerky dress nexium cat pee motorola
researchers have improved umbilical cord screening assay for buprenorphine by reducing the positive result cutoff from 1
parents also mentioned renaming our dog latuda
hastag inners spiriva guy must be on social security. he's being crushed by a republican elephant.
username i was thinkin nuvaring but i've heard some things about it ;w;
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
exelon dinner username le colonial on rush- thai. very good. had the #27.
left this vyvanse in my car and it exploded
rt username i got home from school at 9, and cleaned the whole house...perks of being on vyvanse
username username diclofenac supps - never had a problem with bleeding.
username i know a lot of people who jump onto suboxone after methadone, on their way to abstinence username
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
poopy luciano huck ventolin hfa
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
$myl mylan reports commencement of phase iii trials for generic version of advair diskus, insulin analog to lantus
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
username yes, definitely. sometimes i feel as i’m taking prednisone. did not feel this way prior to humira.
$regn - q2 us eylea sales a touch light but dme ph3 trials positive and approval filings one year earlier.
username this is vimpat levetiracetam also known as keppra hyperlink
cialis (tadalafil) and paxil (paroxetine) both have methylenedioxy the same functional group as hastag mdma. hastag goodstuff
username side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?” gi bleed
username username mines in remission thank god. but my rheumatologist is making me keep enbrel in my system. 1 shot every 3mth
i haven't taken my treatment humira
attempt boniva therapy to overcome osteoporosis - ...
username get on that xopenex grind
i thought i was on paxil, but i'm not; i'm on buspar. that is so wiggy of me.
username i don't understand why he would use it to treat asthma..... ventolin inhalers are alot more common in north america.
username desiccated thyroid treatment has the same research as levothyroxine before it was thrust at us - none. yet patients far prefer it
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
sally field will do a jack palance one-armed pushup to prove how well boniva works. hastag oscars
username i usually just take about 100mg of vyvanse and see where the winds of hastag comedy take me. but thx man i hope all of your dreams c
i just really need some nexium right now
username i play by a different set of rules now, sookie. -bill hastag trueblood billith needs to take a paxil have a seat.
username geodon
go see specialist nurse about starting humira in a week! scared but excited! hastag crohns hastag cdsn
username sildenafil shall be called bldenafil from now on
don't mix miralax and vodka.  just don't.
username username sorry keep falling asleep i've pestered all i can law onto themselves. on oxycontin oxynorm lyrica more!!
do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved lamotrigine aka hastag lamictal
malam ini antara packing dan belajar, countdown d-1 to imo. i'm not ready guys username username username username
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
1hour of only clear liquids (water so far) 1 dose of miralax in. no noticeable change.  hastag toilettuesday hastag noodles hastag willhemakeit?
cartoon edgewise penis ozitzovt fart night my friend fresh likes breaking flovent hfa burpy is bart simpson. stand squeezers
rt username if you took pradaxa and suffered from death you may be eligible for compensation isn't it a little late...?
username i will get you aliskiren for your birthday.
latuda : medication or some form of juicy flatulence?
please make gabapentin a scheduled medication.  hastag abuse
fart defeated tired resolve zostavax tardy travel to toilet cuban restaurant michael douglas a charley horse just farted robert griffin iii
0548414835 a frothy nacho aftertaste and intense albuterol essences are binded in the 2009 chardonnay from alkie vineyards. direction
taking my saphris seems to be the only thing that's gonna help me sleep. persevering face taking that and then hopefully passing out victory hand
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
deaf havana//nicotine and alcohol saved my life
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
hastag aldila hastag albumdiskotiklama play hastag ridasitadewi username username username ~ antara kita || w/@divardb md: username 99,5 hastag bandarnyafm
the avandia certification hearing is set for december 16-18, 2014.
q1. oh, i also survived my first day of victoza increased dose without wanting to puke. ;) hastag dsma
username username wish i had, lol! steroids and pregabalin and conspiring against me. s'not fair. x
while the first half of sm is p. linear for a casual player, maridia is exploration heavy but it feels just empty.
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hastag feelnoshame
you also never experienced what its like to have asthma to even need a ventolin hfa inhaler or advair diskus 250/50!
4. affect nucleic acid metabolism - quinolone --&gt; ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin
rt username sandoz enbrel etanercept hastag biosimilar trial to exploit eu/us reg harmony. us 'submarine' hastag patent 8063182 expiring 2028 sti…
username i began my prep a week ago: 40mg of crestor everyday. determined to break news at this fry thing.
entomophobia and fluoxetine go hand in hand hastag crazytown
when hastag heatnation comes to play, they are better than prozac, when they don't like the side effects lol! hastag letsgoheat
username $bdsi nda bema buprenorphine is upcoming hold for long term - $endo could be the potential buyer $bdsi
username so stupid bo resemblance yet another embarrassing tweet from viox
today is my adderall conservation day. and my comforter just feels sooo nice. see ya tomorrow gym.
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
but i'm still walking around w/ severe necrotic hastag lung issue waiting on hastag chemo dose b/c hastag doctors don't know what's wrong.  hastag crohns hastag humira
username crappo really neuro pain a pain and doing changeover from gabapentin to pregabalin plus amitriptylene.
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
super miralax brothers hastag elderlyvideogames username
finally getting my viibryd refill after 6 months. hastag thankgod
so clearly i need a higher dose of trazodone since i'm still awake at 3am. i took it at 1030pm.
username that's what i get hastag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
username it's the acetaminophen, diphenhydramine, paracetamol, codeine. ibuprofen diclofenac potassium that's saying that :p
tecfidera &gt;$500mm in q1 sales. so fair value of $xnpt is ???
username username ie. xanax gabapentin or pregabalin both work directly via gaba receptors but literally have opposite effects on me
rotfl username lmao username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ? bastard rt username sildenafil works fine rt username i may have a serious weakness problem fam
a bagman is a tablecloth: prasugrel and soggy
asked to sign, just now, a private repeat prescription for sildenafil (viagra) by receptionist: agreed, as unsigned it was f..king useless!
imodium a-d is now missouri's official sponsor hastag missouri hastag jeffersoncity hastag mo hastag ferguson hastag darrenwilson hastag michaelbrown hastag jaynixon
whos meridia smith lol my name is meridia lynn breda !!!!!!!
the kamagra products which contains 100mg of sildenafil citrate are known for their effectiveness.
anyone change from tysabri to aubagio ? how do you find it ?
it's about to be a lovely vyvanse night, too bad i ate
hearing stories about putting suboxone in eyes; being reminded i can still be surprised.
sorafenib is also used to treat hepatocellular carcinoma-cheapharmacy in kolkata contact harry roberts for health care products and health
username i've encountered a lot if patients on apixaban, only encountered 1 on rivaroxaban in gp as he was a falls risk.
username yeah, humira sounds better for me. no hospital visit for infusion + the side effects for remicade are +likely for crohn's pts.
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
username nice to know, still not out of 2nd relapse, got to give tysabri a go i think, just scared about the brain virus.
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
username adderall
all i want is a littmus lozenge
username i would like to know what seniors are suppose to do when they need enbrel and their copay is 893.00. who can afford that?
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
selective β1blockers are atenolol, metoprolol and labetalol.
from the xarelto ad i conclude that every man taking this med must take his wife to new zealand.
yoooo kinsey in this bitch like a nuvaring
username ‘bu trans’ patches are very good for pain relief. there’s also pregabalin too. hope it helps dude. enjoy the pain free moments.
the financial ruin caused by non-medical treatment of  hastag obesity... hastag getcovered and ask about new meds like belviq hyperlink
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
is it too late for a temazepam and tanqueray sandwich?
username i've been on enbrel for years and i frequently experience the same thing - it's been attributed to allergies - not sure now?
nothing wld happen my frenz used to hit my albuterol in jhs all the time ... the advair was purely for dramatic effect clearly hastag rhony
um...so super aware of my breathing today. ventolin helps. i think i just need a proper days rest.
only ring you gettin is the nuvaring
our founders taylor and username talking to exelon students about monkeybars! username hyperlink
so apparently trazodone is just like xanax and zoloft... and i have some. do you want them?
searching stock images is sooooo depressing, seems like everybody is using prozac or something.
tiotropium in asthma...respimat better delivery device. use it. hastag agmconfuk
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hastag yaforbiologics hastag rasucks
username the sad thing is, he’san improvement over dr. i take darvocet all day, why can’t you?
username sorry about the throat. get a lozenge (dequadine,strepsils,medica,menthodex or any other good one)
have any of you ever been on suboxone for opiates and then had to switch back over to pain killers per your doctor? i just think it's weird
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
jennifer lawrence look like she slicked her hair back rill quick before pickin up her boniva prescription
username levofloxacin and vitamin c works! prayers too !
tummy bug.......do they not sell imodium in america?
i only have half a seroquel left :/
username toy googleando nexium awanta
take adderall they said. you won't notice it they said weary face
da fuck is nexium
heard of a number of patients receiving the wrong device when rxed budesonide/formoterol - given spiromax rather than symbicort turbohaler
username {anna kept tossing side glances toward meridia and elsa and noted carefully as elsa did the same to her, only with much more
clearly victoza is not the medicine for anyone...haha
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
username yes! from 500mg to 1000mg on her metformin and a 10mg glipizide. she's at 67 and can't get it back up. so pissed rn
username cfo's have rosiest plausible view. exubera was a 2.8bn failure $pfe thought that was a hastag bb i'm trying to rely on unbiased facts
#5 adderall overdosage due to the amount of studying i'm doing
neurontin to the rescue!! thanks to this freakn weather...
don't take atorvastatin if you are allergic to it, if you are pregnant or breast-feeding, or if you have liver disease.
i couldnt be a chef without nicotine and caffeine
somebody go to the pharmacy and get the royals imodium they can't stop the runs!
i was going to make a namenda joke, but i forgot it.
$jnj $bayry rt username hastag fda rejects xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in pts w/ acute coronary syndrome hastag pharma
just ordered so much loperamide that the pharmacist had to come over and check with me that the doctor had got it right. hastag jpouch username
all y’all girls with bipolar depression take some latuda
i gotchu miralax micah face blowing a kiss
tiotropium bromide: a long-acting anticholinergic bronchodilator used in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) hyperlink
username nope. cymbalta is new. but she will be right, i just want to go and work.
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
10 mg of adderall lodged in an uncapped red lipstick
this nigga behind me tryna give me some oxycodone before a game smh
username only for adderall smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
well my doctor just put me back on vyvanse after i told him i didn't really want to be back on it....asshole listen to what i'm saying!
the emperor musta been a change smoker or something. can someone please get this man a throat lozenge...
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
these aids are shaped growth regarding nicotine herbivority gum/lozenges, inhalers, sprays conjunction patches,:
update 2-astrazeneca gets sales boost as nexium drug keeps on giving
final week before i take a short class break. 60 credits, awesome. about to move back into stocks, abroad of course. crestor was my lastlook
username that's actually great progress for one day! the first half of maridia is a bit of a slog but the second is one of my favourite areas
i have to work all day today, and i busted in this piece like wheres the adderall... wheres the vyvanse..?
literally just watched a commercial for januvia and the entire thing was about side effects of death while people were smiling and laughing.
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
rt username disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username im just concerned about his bowel movements ... does he need some miralax ?? catlax ?? anythin ?? prune juice ??
username reduced tobacco use + statins + metformin + angioplasty = higher life expectancy
username new campaign about living with ms. cool stuff like managing stress etc. put on by aubagio but good for all!
username crestor rosuvastatin 10mgs + 1 baby aspirin. mine is now zero
username no it's oxycodone lol
looking at profit margins after dispensing abilify, crestor, and vyvanse is depressing.
we still don't know if the pill bottle w/ oxycodone was rumain brisbon's legal prescription. probably not, but username hasn't said.
buspirone, benztropine, buprenorphine i need to get my head around this.
so there's a drug for bipolar disorder called latuda... just saying latuda makes me laugh! hastag latoota
username shadow hangs over grunenthal as still refuse to compensate people they disabled with thalidomide and refuse access to their archives
we had to put my dog on prozac. that is all.
username it's my fault, i shouldn't have tried to interfere with imodium ad.
username do you stock hard rock comic? it's a greek comic translated to english by tasmar at krak komics
username surprisingly enough, i think cooper is right. nothing in proposed rules helps hastag nuclear grow. exelon probably makes more $$
enbrel and the autoimmune era - anne pollock - do your homework before you write what you have no idea about gutter journalism
username just found out his mother thalidomide when she was 3 months pregnant
i'd take a handful of lunesta rn
rt username username it also might be a side effect of any allergy meds you take, too. i find that a pectin throat lozenge to…
username username username username the elephant in spiriva ad is an example of exploitation. remove elephant ads!
2 hastag fda hastag ok's today janssen's invokamet (canagliflozin/metformin) 4 t2 diabetes takeda's velcade (bortezomib) expanded 4 relapsed responders
username because i'm 17 compose my own beats lyrically, i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
username hahahahah i neber open volume but scary. go open uh not vid of people like so call lyrica gitu
hastag bds hastag muslims boycott use of  hastag israel copaxone registered  rebif registered exelon registered doxil registered azilect registered gonal registered etanercept- perpetuate hastag israel occupation
username i've used the nuvaring for over a year now and i love it. so much better than having to take a pill everyday.
got a smooth e-hookah. tobacco and nicotine free. just pure water vapor and peach flavoring. mastered the hookah smoke o's, hell yes
username jesus christ ur insane. watch video. i have asthma and that is exactly what i say in attack. albuterol saved my life 5x r mo
username the defendent's attorney signed off and released all of the settlement funds on for all of the avandia clients for the law
strong sad would totally be the h*r universe equivalent of a brony but the show would be about depressed horses on prozac or something
username perfect time to think outside of box due to size of patient population. $regn did quite well with eylea pricing!
this is my first day feeling in any way alert since mid feb. maybe i'm getting used to the at stupid lyrica
alright savanna you need to text me the fuck back bc i want vyvanse dammit
username username only just starting to kick in as buprenorphine blocks it. last night was the first sleep i got since sunday.
mt username bombay hc sides w/natco on nexavar cl case. that leaves 1 last case at delhi hc-only if bayer doesnt knock at supreme ct
username just some girl called humira zaman - who is she? flushed face
rt username doc at podium says crpc sequence: provenge, zytiga, tax, denosumab, xytiga, jevtana hastag asco13
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hastag quetiapine hastag bipolar
username xigris pretty much is. i don't know of a thing similar in the pipeline. btw have you seen username post on kalydeco?
username username i had pregabalin for a few months during an incredibly bad time. lots of side effects though.
username the drug vioxx killed over 100k patients! fda person said well thats the price u pay to get a good drug on market!
username username username grunenthal learnt to avoid helping support their thalidomide customers and make money from new ones
wonder where meridia is tonight?
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
username couldn't get there ~ so just took the imodium
sildenafil citrate on women
see this nikola bonova she getting on my tits now!!!!!
gonna be taken off lithium and put on either carbamazepine or lamotrigine, yay -.-
username have u tried enbrel for ur psoratic arthritis?
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
twitter, first impression: some people need a chill pill. or a shut the fuck up lozenge.
wondering if the special hastag ebolaoutbreak serium is a rework of oseltamivir (tamiflu) drug which inhibits certain viral proteins...
depression hurts. and this time cymbalta can't help...
did you know that there are new blood thinners available e.g. xarelto and pradax that don't require stringent diets/regular blood tests?
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
wooot refill on temazepam today, refill on xanax tomorrow. later stress-o! hastag xanax hastag benzoholic
username nuvaring might be a good option for you since you just leave it in, if you ever wanted to switch
dr put me on metformin 2x daily. anyone have experience with that?
liquid fluoxitine is the most disgusting substance i have ever tasted
username ahhhhhh emmmmma! yasss. louise reminds me of a thalidomide hastag freaky
the crestor commercial is on all the time and it is so dumb i just want to break my tv.
username just yes, i inject enbrel but am trying to stop it, i prefer holistic approach, my joints are still sore from arthritis
thank god for vyvanse of i would be asleep on this table right now
username username at the time enbrel wasn't avail in sa. it's v expensive. did wonders for me. dr wrote a paper about my case.
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
taking effexor, drinking ice water, taking a cool shower right before bedtime and not drying my hair, and running the ceiling fan on high.
wtf hard papi -:p paxil&amp; rivotril cocktail 4 fuck'n head !
does imodium treat fat tummy?
obama should try either chantix tablets or nicotrol nasal spray.people don't even know he smoked or smokes.smokescreen lol.
username username in the past i used the disc card from comp. so i'd pay $15 w/ insurance for enbrel or humira. but was only good for 1yr
how effective is gabapentin for treating neuropathic pain? hastag clinicalquery hastag meded
i hate guys who say a girl smoking is unattractive. you can kiss my nicotine ass.
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hastag superhard
username synthroid stays in the body longer so it's not as pronounced.
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
remember our first kiss on valentines and how it led to love, marriage, children, therapy, and prozac.
jon boniva jovi hastag oldermusicians username
that is it....no more holidays for me! every one turns to shit! so much for cymbalta working.
took my nuvaring out and instantly got cramps
took a nexium this heartburn been kicking my ass
on cnbc-tv18 vikas dandekar: getting valsartan us fda nod a big positive for ranbaxy
username yes but apixaban only reduced hemorrhagic stroke, not ischemic.
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
bupropion lexapro difference comparison $ bupropion versus effexor: understanding the role of testosterone in sexual function and…
username pregabalin nortriptoline mst fentanyl patches linocaine patches or infusion.as you know trial and error .a list of questions?
username am i the only person in college who has never taken adderall or vyvanse flushed face ” yes .. yes you are
listen trial differences of effects on lipid-lowering actions glucose metabolisms between rosuvastatin and atorvastatin hastag esccongress 1/3
astrazeneca lifts sales forecast as nexium keeps on giving: london (reuters) - astrazeneca raised its 2014 sales forecast for the sec...
username 700?! are you in any statins for this? like simvastatin or atorvastatin
username not true at all. it's just nicotine which there is barely any of it at all. swerve hoe.
pulling all nighters is fun when you got a big ol bottle of adderall w/ your name on it
username username username username needs few doses of sildenafil ;) hyperlink
wtf are we doing in huntington? f*** it! let's get nuked on some f****** suboxone strips and pay our f****** rain tax. this site is life
has anyone out here tried vyvanse ultram together?
3. 4 of the 16 women in the study of the release rate of hastag estrogen had surges of estrogen hastag nuvaring hastag birthcontrol hyperlink
rt username direct to consumer advertising leads people to believe that cymbalta or lyrica are best tx for fibromyalgia. sigh. hastag hcsm
all other medicationsfor type 2 such as janumet,byetta,victoza,januvia and avandia are all in court for pancreatic cancer.
.@sarahthesheepu is prescription only. 2nd best us fluticasone available from chemists. use regularly and don't tip head back when you spray
username lol! oh damn. well, caffeine &gt;&gt;&gt; nicotine so go crazy
the silver lining: nebivolol has less ed (willow tree syndrome).
username take adderall or vyvanse or strattera or ritalin or focalin or cocaine!!!! you'll stay awake!!
most of prescription drugs are suppressants, like phentermine, meridia (sibutramine), acomplia and several other brands
username makes comments the pml case too. jnj will have a combined salesforce for velcade and imbruvica
let me stop before i turn this into a cymbalta night. =/
i don't want to sound like a freakin' cymbalta commercial. -me to my therapist
username thats fluoxetine isn't it?they just took me off that. i'd been on it since march last year
his crazy paving creased heid rose fae the bed and he glided down the stairs like a zombie on temazepam hastag nightshift
prozac is not for allergies....unless you're allergic to sanity... wise words of macfadden.
username buprenorphine
username literally lol'ing. i love you, and yes i've taken my nexium hahaha
username hastag nejmchat re: enalapril 20 - wouldn’t run-in period account for subjects who don’t tolerate 40 mg? why max dose valsartan used then?
i would marry lunesta if i could, then i could sleep with it every night, without a prescription
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
someone sell me suboxone i can trade a xbox 360
mixed antara hardstyle x dubstep = sangar vroohh!!
username haha dangg candy never gets old! ;) unless your at username 's house with nicotine m&amp;ms
username i didn't want to blow my business up on fb face with tears of joy but i just put in my nuvaring today so i'm hoping the cramps go away because
username crestor first then eat the big macs while walking on a treadmill also a liter of diet cola is needed!
hastag caag username secures $105 million multistate settlement w/ glaxosmithkline company for unlawfully promoted advair, paxil wellbutrin
this victoza commercial literally went two minutes explaining the side effects.
exelon gets pepco in $6.8b power deal
.@senatorcardin on hastag emissions: constellation exelon have taken on this challenge…in a cost-effective way created jobs in the meantime.”
username i'd like to add pradaxa and reclast to the list *shuts off tv*
brintellix approval marks the third new antidepressant in 3 years, and it should fare better than viibryd and fetzima vs generic ssri/snris.
fart wayne are is metamucil. lyricist different from the korean but stock market am happy. vesicare cholera spam sappy dog fart
lilly needs new drugs as it will lose patent protection later this year on its top-selling product, cymbalta for depression.
train ace somers call him imodium ad a stomach-ache press got really above
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hastag ms hastag notwothesame
cipro for 10 days = no alcohol, citrus or sun for 10 days. this will not be fun.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.@tara mmm no wonder
pondering on taking a trazadone, then ill be out gooood.
ugh, so tired… i have an hour before i technically can go to bed… i may say screw baclofen tonight and go to bed early… so tired!
rt username vyvanse and adderall should be advertised and sold as a pill for cleaning.
i just took fluoxetine while watching lakers self-destruct hastag depression
username are you on paxil .. i need help
username it's a bitch isn't it? what meds do they have you on? they put me on levothyroxine
garlic decreases serum glucose levels. this has the same effect as drugs like metformin on glucose levels - raw is better than cooked.
meridia already knew wassup tho frm wen we had class together lol
username username i had this one brain trust who calls me in a panic because he has sob turns out he was using symbicort 8x/d
contemplating ordering some vioxx
symbicort commercial got cute walfs in it
username you bros wanna fix the army of meridia quest so bros can you know, play your game. hastag priorities
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
you definitely didn't loose your three week supply of suboxone
apixaban was less in major bleeding . hyperlink
username username i think galfer smells like nail varnish remover. baclofen liquid smells good too. x
username saphris is nice, too. wish we had it on formulary. tip: root beer-flavored hard candy counteracts the taste. :)
username agreed. with cost-savings sought, this and the 2028-29 enbrel patents may help drive legislation changes, but quite a minefield
always there every time you need me it aint love but just like nicotine youre addicted to a feelin you can only get from me &amp;your cigarettes
username i also use anti inflammatory creams difflam or diclofenac both help with painful muscles and soft tissue pain. cherry blossom
username hey trapper tell me how my ass taste sincerely dave non hunter hastag smackoff  hastag mason storm hastag lozenge
username username username she also mentions codeine on her notorious lp. now errbody rapping about lean. hastag aheadof hertime
oxycodone is my best friend right now two hearts
username username username maybe with a coach like this the team doesn't have all the blowups they've had under lozenge boy?
in sub-analysis eliquis (apixaban) benefits v warfarin reducing stroke risk in patients w/ nonvalvular af consistent regardless bp control 1
seriously want some adderall so i don't fail this test. does that stuff really work? hastag notsureifsrs
this commercial for victoza is literally all side effects and things that go wrong.
lmao trazodone did absolutely nothing for me
username one word imodium
viagra and spiriva (copd) with big ad buys during postseason. if this is baseball's demographic, rob manfred had better get real creative.
taking pristiq at 2:00 pm is bad because then it's impossible to fall asleep
username once again....my ventolin saves me hastag thankyoulord crying face smiling face baby angel
username username approximately two-thirds of us patients who discontinued tysabri stayed within $biib ms franchise and started tecfidera
today's 14 hour shift is sponsored by starbucks and adderall xr
got a box of diclofenac with no package insert. is that normal? thought it was a regulatory requirement?
username hindi recommended ang efavirenz sa may history of psych problems and bipolars
username was lucky enough to have my doc mention humira since i had to have the remicade every month. could always tell when i was overdue
tiotropium can block il8, block neutrophilic inflammation. goblet cells function of producing mucous blocked hastag eaaci2014 peter barnes
. username benefits from cognitive behavioral therapy or ssris like fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, sertraline, or paroxetine  hastag nimhchats
whatever works. right?! username username crush some imodium up get him to snort a line. go on steve!”
febuxostat may increase the number of gout attacks during the first few months of your treatmen.
like seriously, that meridia quest gets you like at least 2000 gold from all the dead bodies around which have an average of 75 gold.
i love fluticasone propionate
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
username username thank for you the feedback. c is for celebrex and cymbalta and cervix and cystoscopy hastag endoalphabet
laying here at 3am thinking, ohh my hips hurt! tired face i can't wait to take my enbrel tomorrow. hastag rheum
combining nrt with varenicline improves smoking abstinence
that moment when your vyvanse kicks in and you write down all these lists but only get as far as writing them down. hastag shortattentionspand
username ibrufen is brufen that isnt working with me idk y how abt celecoxib can i take that after 8 tabs of paracetamol with omepeazole?
hastag plottwist a psychiatrist prescribes the weather adderall and it finally stops fucking around
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
my eating changes next week. i will literally be mental for the next few weeks doing that and weening off of seroquel.
username *snorts* you know i can't feel that stuff, right? unless meridia or taylor do it of course. [leave him alone or i'll burn you.]
username username lol shhh adderall
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
exelon -wolf hollow generating station in hastag granbury. we had a great time taking care of these guys. hastag cpr hyperlink
just sitting here letting that miralax work its magic like parkers not an hour late to school.
you know it's finals week when you find adderall laying in the parking lot
username username username just looking at this picture is making me pop a nexium and grabbing the bottle of tums.
since i don't really believe in adderall i amp myself up on caffeine and pseudo ... like fuck i can't feel my heart
it's 7pm - time to make love to my husbands lamotrigine and fluoxitine.
fun facts: do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combination of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
eliquis results enough to move $bmy share price? doubt it since i'm still holding, if i sold friday it'd be soaring tomorrow
if you've never touched a chicks nuvaring then you might be coming up short. i've knocked one loose
i dont even know what crestor is
username username my damn nurse username put miralax in my prune juice. she's hoping i shit the bed like florida state hastag gobuckeyes
there will leader program meeting in dubai next saturday . it will focus on update about victoza . novo nordisk will be the sponsor for thi…
no big deal i apparently put my nuvaring reminder in my bosses calendar instead of my own.
username username apixaban and rivaroxaban also have xa in the name, which makes it easy to remember”
6 months intensive therapy using pyrazinamide, ethambutol, kanamycin, levofloxacin, etionamide, cycloserin
church&amp;state guarantee cover up of aliskiren adverse side effects in ireland - torture patient to death and protect the good nameof pharma
rt username vyvanse, commonly known as ocd in a pill.
make it a goal to master some skills. plan for the future.contribute to the community antara pesanan taiko mechatronics.
the next time y'all see me i'm going to be on a cymbalta commercial.
happy for wellbutrin; has similar effects as adderall.. trazodone is super promising for sleep.. but abilify can cause weight gain -_-
username totally makes sense for you. we went with remicade because it was available; humira was approved a few yrs later
username it is. def speak to yr gp. i was on them for 3+ yrs cos i thought i wld persevere, big mistake. get it sorted. am on vimpat now
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
downing street has denied that the prime ministers daily dose of imodium has risen by 1000 per cent as the rochester groom vote draws nigh
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
username exciting news about paxil/hot flashes. wonder difference between using already low doses of drig
username trying to wrap up a playthrough of this when i get home tonight. i'm stuck in the long haul that is maridia
if there is anyone out there who is on byetta for diabetes, i have 2 new pens to give away... it didnt work for me and i'm back on victoza
after 1 albuterol treatment i feel 10x better. medicine is a wonderful thing!
username i just went to pharmacy got some ventolin which is starting to help, i think. keeping her as calm as i can. obvs stressful though
boniva works hastag oscars - username
someone told me methadone is like suboxone
cipro is where u register ur business it's in pretoria,i was in zeerust username the time.
username eg - metformin reduces bs by suppressing hepatitic glucose release not by increase insulin release, which would be ineffective..
my diet consists of chugging a quart of miralax 12 hours before i plan to step on the bathroom scale
i'm fucking sick. somebody bring me some weed and tamiflu because i feel like i'm dying.
username he will not he effort 2 buy tadalafil :)
hastag fda approves noven's brisdelle (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause
ebola victim died 10 days ago. 100 people 90 of them needlessly died of asthma during the last 10 days. advair $300 mo usa $35 europe
just when i was about to pop a lunesta i notice in out? like wtf
even with trazodone i can't stay a fucking sleep dude.. so annoyed.
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
i just learned rupert murdoch helped thalidimide parents get compensation hastag robinhood
username in study carried out during epidemic,1% taking tamiflu developed flu after contact,compared with 5% of those taking placebo.
diovan slime rescue rangers friend don smelly alpha
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
virgo is my favorite vocaloid song to ever come out. fluticasone is another luka fave.
just arrived to the sch's class lab. went for my psych appt earlier on and claimed the psych meds. my pdoc altered the dosage of username
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
hope she took her boniva
happy friday evening! this wed. is my 50+ tysabri infusion. a couple weeks later, (halloween), is my next mri! (jcv+) wish me luck!
username not really. mostly prilosec, nexium and synthroid. my med passes on 3-11 were wayyy bigger
imagine being one of the chemists who didnt recognise the chirality of thalidomide like fuck i could not live
but for real, i love hot pink so cody needs to tell me where to buy a hot pink nuvaring he has on his clit right now. hastag bb16
order viagra online india sildenafil citrate cialis clone what was viagra originally
username awright. i took a bunch of my fluoxitine today and im rully happy ^.^
username username i have been on synthroid while pg and while bf. it is a non-issue to my pcp ob
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
username so boring so effient vorts sprung.
username username hahahaha. i'd be right with you 2 on the others, but thanks to oxy's, i'm now on suboxone face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
hastag aquarius: addition of aliskiren may benefit non- hastag diabetics already at their bp goal - stephen nicholls hastag esccongress2013
username plenty of imodium was taken i can assure you.
we have learned that vioxx relieves the pain and stiffness of arthritis...by killing you.
pour some namenda on me hastag eroticaforseniors
happy day with stella chanlieva and marina boneva !! believe!!
lol rt username that once a month boniva is really working for sally field. one can barely see her hump. hastag oscars
hahaha awal nye pics of rain paling ohsem la antara sume. at least he managed to take a selfie right? hahaha
username na quetiapine. do you know if they are any good? looked them up online, they sound shit!
username *hugs* how’s the enbrel going?
fda to investigate saxagliptin over preliminary trial data suggesting increased rate of hospitalisation for heart failure
username username username docs pushing fosamax -now women's leg bones breaking. oh yeah and how about hormones?
username username depression hurts, but cymbalta can help smh really gabbie? lol yes jourdain
tamiflu saved my life
i think a 10mg tablet of generic olanzapine only cost about 30p when the brand name lilly olanzapine cost about £2 for a 10mg tablet!
senility, willful ignorance or he got into rush's oxycodone stash. rt username o o hyperlink
username haah dekat ilmu studio. die antara form 4 or 3 this year
username hahahaha adderall and coffee = one hell of a rush!! hastag gohardyo!! i will supply you all the addys and snickers u need if it
its been a long time since i had a girls night out...me and tammy viox is going to get our 80's hair on with aerosmith tonight!
username never tried remicade. did well on both humira enbrel until they wore-off. wish you remission! :) hastag rheum
i desperately need my pain medicine for my kidneys another trazodone to make me sleep but i can't sleep in tomorrow. fuck.
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username i use pregabalin which is similar and i do find it really good.lyrica and keppra.
$pfe gains positive hastag chmp opinion for pregabalin (lyrica) in pain, epilepsy general anxiety disorder hastag pharma hastag biotech hastag biopharma
username ahaha, try diclofenac sodium - - any brad. for pain and inflammation.. muscular and joint pain.. no prescription needed
synthroid safe breastfeeding
username depends on the biologic - can use the. 5 1/2 lives rule, enbrel wait 2-3 weeks then wait 2 weeks. others may be longer
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
username nicotine is an addiction haha i swear that is the only commercial i hear. face with tongue
if you like it you should have put a nuvaring on it.
only a fool would mistake the good motives of a true gentleman for cowardice winking face - dr. boneva
username yes, ma'm! will visit you in boston take my dexilant before i eat stuff! xoxo
username 1st tx: metformin 2nd tx: sulfonylurea (gliclazide, gliclazide mr, glibenclamide) 3rd tx: insulin hyperlink
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
username username claim expired, i'm on 140mcg buprenorphine via patches i pay bedroomtax proven wrong ids hastag ids hastag bedroomtax
username username my husband was on dilantin for 18 yrs and lamotrigine for 3. our doctors said a glass of wine wouldn't hurt.
i wouldn't wish drinking a whole bottle of miralax (laxatives) on my worst enemy.
gonna buy this nigga some latuda face with tears of joy
ever feel clinically depressed like the worlds gonna end? its called dealing with math. behind the scenes of cymbalta
username make sure she gets her boniva. i'll keep giving her the vitamin d.
username omg drink tea and take pepto bismol or take an imodium ad it sounds like the stomach virus. im allright watching a show
real world bortezomib in hastag amyloidosis is dismal, a telemedicine approach is needed to care for patients and coach local physicians
you know it's flu season when every commercial break advertises tamiflu
username i had to get a ventolin puffer today. suffering through.  hastag notebola
girl yo tweets so depressin'....let me get you some cymbalta
hastag promoteaproductwithtvormoviequote who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? - crestor
username unfortunate thing with many anti-d's, i found effexor xl appalling! what you moving on to?
username you're gonna have to get prescription sleep meds. i was on trazodone for a while.
is it possible for levaquin to cause massive pain in my joints? hastag medical hastag query
username well, i once saw an episode of a medical show where they gave xigris for severe septic shock. how ludicrous is that?
who the bloody hell steals ampules of levalbuterol from a pediatric ward?? come on people!
username it's uncalled for but your done for like a thalidomide in a thumb war. yo shit i'm sick just bodied you with your own words
it seems it's kurt geiger's fault i'm unable to walk today... currently waiting for diclofenac to kick in smirking face
think i decided i'm gonna go on nuvaring for birth control: cheap, simple, effective :d
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
rt username fda approves amgen's xgeva registered (denosumab) for the treatment of giant cell tumor of bone: amgen (nasdaq:amgn) ann... hyperlink
effect of sitagliptin in type 1 or type 2 diabetic patients with absolute insuli...
i would like an elephant following me around like on the spiriva commercial ...
on the plus side of this evening, our prescription benefits kicked in early so i just paid $17 instead of $100+ for lamictal.
username higher doses of loperamide (40-100 mg) have been reported anecdotally to be effective for those with limited options
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
username the drug known for causing hemorrhagic cystitis is? hastag medquizciprofloxacin
username it's a safe drug and used widely here on civilians under the brand names quetiapine and seroquel but i've never seen +700mg!
username it's not a weed high trust me lol im on oxycontin and oxycodone
username ha ha! had two years of fighting to get treatment that did anything to touch the inflammation now on celebrex, humira mtx :-)
advair helps rather well and its cheap
so curious about metoprolol and go discover it
it should be a rule that if you are a patient on enbrel you should be allowed to give all of you family members the shot once so they know.
cnbc-tv18 alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
time to get more latuda to stop the voices hastag wiunion!
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
username quick version. sildenafil inhibits phosphodiesterase. i would assume this affects the body's response to melanoma. must research.
username username what about the imodium add on
where would we be if no one questioned the safety of thalidomide or vioxx? hastag vaccines
username i started in march 2013. but i changed the efavirenz portion to rilpivirine in march this year. what about you?
really? 4 vitamin d pills cost more than 60 metformin pills?! ugh.
hello baclofen you are my friend
generics combo non-inferior to treatment with enbrel! read the whole story at generics and biologicals initiative gabi
username remember, nuclear utilities like exelon also have coal, gas, and renewables in rate structure. role ambiguity much?
rt username n. meningitidis proph: rifampin 600mg po bid x4doses, ciprofloxacin 500mg po x1 dose, cegrtriaxone 250mg im x1 dose hastag foamed…
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hastag fibromyalgia
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
mrs. buice makes people fall asleep faster than lunesta
username username hmmm unless they're taking tamiflu forms virus.
depression hurts... cymbalta can help username
i imagine swallowing one's pride would taste a bit like this zinc lozenge.
username right now plan is a suboxone doctor and keep on my low taper on my other thing. i can't afford to be sick
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
tools: pmp; consult line: 781-2700; buprenorphine rx; alternative pain treatment; pharmacy-based naloxone dist hastag opioidepidemic
need to be prescribed prozac after that episode of hastag got, i knew what was coming yet i was still shocked! about to go and cry myself to sleep
caffeine and nicotine are guna make me finish this paper
who's arm is this? (huh?) i must have cut it off at the pharmacist that refused to renew my 7th presciption of darvocet (sorry! )
username don't do that! what is the inhaler? proventil proair or ventolin?
username stephen. i too suffer from severe depression. my gp put me on effexor 150mg. it changed my life. i know how you feel. take care.
username i am self detoxing off of suboxone any pointers or info that i would find useful is appreciated.
to learn the costumes and suzanne collins. a steve smith zostavax lizard in yongsing the pope elephant oh, excuse you. # you gwen stefani
findprescriptionrelief findprescriptionrelief findprescriptionrelief insulin, spiriva, crestor 90day supply anchor anchor pill pill pill pill
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
i can't even remember the last time i was up this late. i took 400 mg of trazodone. i should be passed out.
nicotine , rocket fluid , bitch get it tf together ,
username vimpat keppra are drugs for epilepsy stupid
hastag fda's bright: $pfe's summary of fuse exubera study: data indicative of potential increased lung cancer risk but inconclusive $mnkd
username no, i have a symbicort 400/12 (budesonide/formoterol) steroid inhaler as long-acting antagonist.
username true. i took vioxx in the 90's. lol. i'm still alive so there's that.
username nearly done now then! hope you do manage to sleep well and don't have to take lunesta x
the essentially down-to-earth products off these families pertaining to drugs are sertraline, fluoxetine differ:
username my doctor gave me miralax
username username has rosuvastatin been recommended for ards?
username i did dexilant until the insurance wouldn't cover it until i try 4 other meds that does nothing 4 me. insurance sucks these days.
you have to be effient on twitter. like a circumcision, everything extra gets cut off whether you like it or not.
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
some lady on the t just asked me if i had any suboxone or smack i could sell her... i'm wearing a business suit
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
montecello bros winery fuses feminine albuterol flavors and a cruel velvet aftertaste in their 2006 chardonnay. hastag airport
username username interesting article. here in uk, buprenorphine not commonly sold on street. huge usage in uk prisons.
we need addies, ritalin, focalin, vyvanse
username username ughhhh it was a little cocky like oh everyone wanna hear from valarie zometa lol
username username username i take metformin for pcos. i've told my mom dozens of times. she insists i'm secretly diabetic.
username i'll raise you my lorazepam and lamictal to you xanax :)
username i've always been on the pill but some of my friends rave about nuvaring and implanon (tiny hormone stick in your arm)
why aren't hector elizondo and julie andrews promoting januvia in those ads? hastag theprincessdiaries
exactly. gets them hooked then shills suboxone. repugnant mt username username username username i'm suboxone certified.
username i take singular and advair and they keep me right until i run out. lol
we are very glad that wg has committed to funding eylea for hastag amd treatment, can only be good news for patients. newyddion gwych!
im getting off my tysabri meds treatment&amp;going 2 try the new pill on the mkt called tecfidera hv 2 try something new no more needles! tired
interesting hastag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
username ahahah i took my advair already but i just took my singular...thats what i always forget
let me be your fiend, you be my nicotine.
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hastag usmle
huxley got so much right about the future, but soma? come on, man, come up with some funnier drug names. boniva for instance.
i got a brand new inhaler called symbicort
some lady's nuvaring fell out in the parking lot at work today and i had to go pick it up face with tears of joy loudly crying face still don't get how it fell out..
gsk prints q2 sales £5.6b (-4%), advair (-19%); slow switch rate to new respiratory drugs raises doubts on growth prospects for franchise
im fairly certain that mellow yellow is just flavored miralax
username why go to the gym when you can take vyvanse and get the same results quicker? person tipping hand
woman in that crestor commercial shouting bitch don't kill my vibe!
ms anna nelson she so rapped in her ignorance no owners accounts not tech pro or effient at all. debt collect buisness 8hr+comm really!!!
that lunesta is about to kick in so it's time to go to sle
weits the heirs dsini antara woobin dan lee minhoo*tonton tl*/?
username another doc!searched tecfidera on here - i start it soon. any issues?
you know you're a fur when medication commercials annoy you, but you get happy with that one symbicort commercial with the old big bad wolf.
have you seen guys the victoza commercial?
tysabri treatment this month and i am so excited. watching pretty woman right now. i love julia roberts!
play corn hole w my nuvaring and your tongue hhahahruskajsjs
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username no i'm on symbicort 400/12
wanted: loperamide death or alive!!!
hastag apsad (n.o.a.s) dr finnegan states does some studies on using buprenorphine in neonates... the issue is sublingual absorption
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
taking metformin and working out . . . hoping to be able to post nekki pics on reddit next summer!
hastag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hastag article 99213 username username
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
need of a clan on clash of clans ? join aciphex , we chill and always active
fred and george. antara sebab aku imagining if i had a twin.
don't care who knows. the cartoon wolf doctor in the symbicort commercial is pretty hot.
username there are a variety of treatments, the simplest being advair because it's prophylactic. i use it because the dogs bother me
i fucking hate these enbrel commercials. nobody cares! hastag enbrel
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
username i'm not on methadone but i'm a pharmacist who doses methadone and suboxone :-) interesting to read your stories here.
username can you get voltarol anti inflammatory cream there? works when i get it in my hands with work.. so does diclofenac ..
username can't forget the saltines i have to force down so i can take tamiflu :-)
username how does metformin cause hf should dm pt. who have hf be taken off, if so replace it with what medication? hastag phrm741
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
username dutasteride for men only
just caught up on ep 32 of username radio. how articulate and charismatic is username tho! very soothing! hastag lozenge great work guys
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
username atazanavir, ritonavir and truvada. not sure i'll be staying on them though xx
think i might need hastag xarelto but dont know why
when did we become, according to publicity, a nation of fat rednecks? every time i see (and turn off) the ad for crestor i cringe. please.
dead poets society does colour rhyme with rap victoza for this: creamy diarrhea richard: feet. poo president
so i had a patient coming in to tell me that a brand of sildenafil is crap... felt kind of sorry for the poor chap
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username nexium is king!
2) denosumab vs zoledronic acid q 4 weeks similar effect in patients with metastatic disease. higher urinary baseline telopeptides=worse px
rt username hastag pfizer and takeda launch enbrel injection for rheumatoid arthritis - labmate online hastag medical hastag care hastag health hyperlink
best drug-ad warning i've ever heard: do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza.
username what r ur exubera flashbks? i'm a journo writing article on afrezza f/@naturebiotech. email me at jklling@gmail.com
username asenapine comes as a sublingual tablet to dissolve under the tongue. it is usually taken twice
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
username 'i won't be around...when you really need me.' lozenge of love - one of my favorite hastag radiohead songs.
oh shit, i just remembered ventolin (song) existed.
love/hate relationship with adderall
pervez rasheed should take imodium for chronic oral diarrhea.
i am the shit someone pass the imodium
username it's just aspirin and something else, though i think that second ingredient is similar to vioxx so who knows
username lmao i take pristiq
username i had them on venlafaxine baaaad. now i am on desvenlafaxine - much better!
username that is scary! if you do get it the antibiotic cipro will cure it!! hastag keepingfingerscrossed
student diet: coffee cigarettes alcohol adderall subway and dhall mystery meat
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
tysabri infusion number2, wow those past 4 weeks have flown by!
suboxone under my touunnggee.
username many of these patients had seen many lines of novel agents unlike the velcade study. exactly my feelings as username
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
username username maybe about 3 months now bi-polar drugs are making my life frustrating.colosril was taken off, so was saphris,3 more on
username get an unlimited supply of ventolin
fucking hate humira shots why can't i take a pill hastag crohnsprobs
username i came off most of them. still taking a low dose of lyrica (but i am weaning off it) and i'm taking 20mg of namenda daily.
i need a help of a med student. idk what i'm supposed to do with loperamide other than drink it. pharma/med/doctor pls pensive face
uhnuhn. not for sale username username err.. una get sildenafil for ya pharmacy?
10mg of febuxostat is almost as cheap as 100mg of allopurinol here. maybe the effects are also almost the same.
username can we invest in nexium stock?
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
is high kc handcrafted lozenge inherited?
congressman peter king is well informed on the perils of ricin attacks....cipro isn't going to help you. ok pete.... hastag goodjobgoodeffort
just thinking about eliquis makes you start bleeding
some of y'all should consider taking prozac, or cymbalta or something, sheesh
username most likely to binge on oatmeal, prune juice, and miralax hastag twittersuperlatives
lunesta take me to dreamland!
the blue men tour is sponsored by symbicort
username it's someone who is a thalidomide victim and dyslexic as well.
my gabapentin and xanax is kicking in.
once again. don't take latuda people... lol
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
username if normal and still hard to breath, go drink water, a sip just fine, and try breath again. got your ventolin right-
just be on the safe side and take otc melatonin for sleep. ambien and lunesta is a no no. lol
and now comes the heavy breathing.. ventolin mana ventolinnn.. *bongkar tas
when are the changes to tramadol n temazepam cd changes coming into effect. any idea!! hastag ukpharmacists
i'm gonna need adderall for this english class alone hastag nosociallife
username i don't know if i should say that here, but i already feel like this, and had to take some syrup (fluoxetine) for few weeks! (+)
username i was given 7 months worth of fluoxetine, at once. but my parents give it to me, i'm not trusted at all ;-;
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hastag bbloggers
some people don't understand weed. why take ibuprofen for headaches, lunesta for insomnia, and horizant for restless leg; or smoke once? victory hand unamused face
hobbes was really into the januvia commercial. hyperlink
that dude on the crestor commercial needs to chill
username it was miralax i swear
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hastag paxil
i think i need sum cymbalta or prozac or sum kinda ting :/
username and it's not going to stop until we fix it. advair usa $300 same drug eruope $35. why? drug lobby, it has to end.
username i was on quetiapine bupropion and escitalopram at the same time though. treated for unipolar at the time.
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
i have to be put on quetiapine as if i needed one more thing to swallow
rt username the only thing more beautiful unpredictable than a loose screw is a bipolar w/o lamictal ;) btw bipolar = genius! xoxo
question: exelon plans to merge with pepco.. how will the ag oversee the merge and the environmental impacts the merge will create?
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
username ...of quetiapine i had were worryingly similar to my lithium in size and shape.
username fluoxetine! two faces, one asleep with whispy white hair, the other a jittery brunette.
i feel like every yak about adderall is username
yay me!!! i don't have to have tysabri infusions, anymore! i should start talking a pill in the next 2 months.  hastag mssucks
lunesta now neutral face expressionless face
i called for my effexor refill on wednesday. i was out. it's sunday and i can't stop screaming and crying
kudos to exelon outstanding corporate counsel award recipient mary jo quinn, allstate insurance company
username oh that's great! i had nice results with humira prior to going on remicade. hit me up if you ever need someone to talk to :)
username as with all friends doing psych*, just ask if she'd like to try meds. changed prescribing practice w one dose olanzapine!
half dose febuxostat 80mg alternate days with colchicine 500mcg daily thank you very much” username username
username my parents dog has really bad anxiety (she's on prozac for it) and her thunder shirt makes a huge difference.
username take meclizine if you feel nauseous, or loperamide if you gots da poops.
username watched the bbc thalidomide programme! go dr daddy johnson! woooo. very interesting but so damn tragic disappointed face
username wondering why cvs honors januvia manufacturers coupon and caremark doesn't. is this policy or oversite? thank you.
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
when you vote tmrw, think whether ilga candidates will oppose exelon bailout costing hastag illinois ratepayers $580m/year. hastag twill hastag nonukebailout
username zyrtec + fluticasone nasal spray is my savior.
username i feel like i need to get some lunesta and drop it in her drinks so she will stay asleep lol
expresso and adderall make good results... face with open mouth
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
username once. but i didn't have my adderall then and i'm a different person without it
do u know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved hastag quetiapine aka seroquel
miralax doesn't fool around
oh good, the nexium is working! i'm taking a power nap!
some guys slip roofies i slip miralax
username i'm on insulin metformin rampril and statins
username me too i had great benefit with vioxx but the cv issues really concern me.
username imodium will work for a while but you can only do that for so long...
username ventolin be like... im your savior asthma girl this!!!
drug commercials, news flash- i'm sure your doctor knows about pradaxa already, given his wall of diplomas, you shouldn't have to ask him
username 25 units of u-500 humulin r up to 5 times day plus 3000mg metformin due to being highly resilient to insulin but i'm a fighter
username i have even more sympathy, having spent 4 months on tramadol and gabapentin cocktail last autumn for sciatic nerve damage!
can't sleep, done with caffeine.. haven't given up on nicotine, alcohol, dextromethorphan, and... that's all for the sake of this tweet.
jose rodrigues vineyards coalesces some ass-spankin' tasy bubble gum midtones and a lucid albuterol finish in their 2009 white pinot. hastag wats
i believe researchers studying alternative treatments have not studied peppermint in lozenge form. i believe it would be proved to work
username username thalidomide survivors all over the world wait for justice. good luck to those in canada who deserve better treatment
buprenorphine is a serious player in illicit drug underworld. dea reports is top 3 or 4 most-reported prescription narcotics confiscated
ventolin = a reliever/emergency inhaler, and flovent = a preventor inhaler.
bird canyon vineyards brings together pungent tofu essences and a piquant albuterol essence in their 2004 pinot grigio. hastag chanyeol
username that sounds like almost a sure fire cure .. but my body laughs at benadryl lunesta ..but this svu treatment you speak of..
any positive comments/advice on tysabri meds? my hubby is going to take it soon. hastag ms hastag worldmsday username username username username
username day 2 hastag gpgeneral take home message: metformin is good! use in all type2 dms for a mortality benefit
dr. latiff antara my pebret lect.
for those that suffer from graves disease or any other thyroid issue, raw thyroid is always best. see the results. synthroid is not needed.
username username too short of a grace period. how long did it take bextra and vioxx to be pulled?
rt username need more vyvanse for next week. who can hook it up
username i never needed the insulin either. started me on just metformin but janumet brought it to normal
glenmark to launch anti-hypertension drug in us - telmisartan current portfolio consists of 92 products in the us market and 73 andas wip
via username enbrel (etanercept) manufactured in 2010 was found to have a different quality profile than the hastag enbrel made in 2009
username fluoxetine a generic equivalent for prozac and trazodone
if the ending of this movie is just me in a mental institution due to side effects from my paxil i'm gonna be really pissed. hastag sideeffects
italian smarts! alendronate, a medication to treat osteoporosis was developed by the pharmaceutical company istituto gentili in the...
username harm reduction! cheaper alternative that allows users to return to normal functioning. suboxone costs even more.
i have met with the uk thalidomide trust to look at how i can support their continuing work - long, ongoing important campaign for justice
i think i'm an expert on thalidomide now, it's brought up every single damn time stereoisomers come up....which is a lot!
nonsalicylate nsaids (ibuprofen, diclofenac naproxen sodium) are the most widely used agents for treating primary dysmenorrhea hastag rxchatng
username is there a potion or like a substance i can keep eating to help me get and maintain a 4.0?” adderall
pt:hate keeping labeled pradaxa bottle w/ me. if police officer pulls me over, i need the rx bottle coz it's a control. rph&amp;intern: flushed face confused face flushed face  hastag marblesmissing
username viox playing peacekeeper after about reacts to gk shove by the corner flag for yellows
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
username username username thanks for your support and guidance today, at the thalidomide survivors art exhibition username
username username not a helpful thought - improve-it compared vytorin vs simvastatin only; but atorvastatin is std of care
release of eliquis blood clot preventer story: (reuters) the blood clot preventer eliquis, sold by pfizer inc and bristol-myers squib...
ranbaxy scrambles for ingredients to make generic nexium
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. --- kaya pala! lol
rt username dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hastag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hastag ehraeuro…
omg the tamiflu commercial is hundred points weary face . lol. i need a nap for i start hanging with the cuzins. happy thanksgiving
[ranbaxy laboratories ltd.] surges on us fda nod for diovan generic
natco pharma says pleased with bombay high court decision to uphold compulsory licence on nexavar issued to co
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
username not even noon and lunesta is already sick of brandi's shit.
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
.@goddessrosemar1 i will counter that argument with both an advair albuteral inhaler due to my wife's love of cats! cat
3 seroquel and 6 valium and no sleep. fuck you for haunting me abalam!
the crestor commercial spreads blasphemy. of course exercise and good nutrition works!
exelon likely to benefit from new epa rules -- eventually
username drug run in period, and the fact new drug contains valsartan = 2 more reasons to pause
nonspecific fosamax ~ general ambien ~ basic celebrex: .mjh
username i'm again the worst mum in the world ever as not allowing a rabbit pet. we need to fall out prompto or i agree to fluoxetine!!
o'hollaren: over 52 weeks, intranasal fluticasone had small decrease (0.27cm/year) in growth velocity compared with placebo hastag acaai
nicotine free day is true. nowhere's selling. username
ohh bandit:( hastag rescue loves have it way too rough. buprenorphine kinda day. hastag ferret hastag pets hastag animals hastag cancer hastag fuckcancer hyperlink
username isnt it on the basis of one olanzapine study?
startling a petition to have username take some miralax and flush that annoying gorton's fisherman out of there
i need fucking actos oralabilify oral actos oral acyclovir oral adderall oral advair diskus inhl  weary face angry face face with steam from nose
u better stop, that's depressing. rewritten rt username username thalidomide was good for pregnant women, that was rewritten”
i wish there was a drug dealer that useful drugs i don't want to see a dr for. let me get a scrip of lunesta and a few antibiotics.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
azithromycin and levofloxacin use and increased risk of cardiac arrhythmia and death
just seeing whats occurring on twitter. .while waiting for the quetiapine to kick in.
.@ryandeirey doctor challenges astrazeneca drug: astrazeneca's anticlotting drug brilinta was approved based on a stu... username
rt username dtn pharma news: boehringer submits application to ema for use of pradaxa for treatment of acute dvt, pe: boeh... http:/…
i can't wait to switch to remicade bc enbrel sucks why is it taking so long
username username $pfe buying (re-domiciled) $abbv would req major divestitures: one co cant own humira + enbrel (ex-na only) + xeljanz!
username i hope so. there's too much bad info about mmt and suboxone out there.@llttf86 username
i need a refill of oxycontin and trazodone
the neurontin is working double exclamation mark i have been usually social and chatty today double exclamation mark  hastag neurontin hastag gabapentin hastag medication # pill
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
i wish i had a lozenge... i haven't got a sore throat, i just want to give it to my cab driver who is clearing his throat every 20 seconds!
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
liverpool v arsenal on dec 21st will be sponsored by imodium
depending on the reactant the hospital uses for pt, rivaroxaban may or may not appear to be in therapeutic or supra levels. hastag asra14
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username 2nd pm patient corrections by hastag nhsscr: not taking iron is taking metformin 850 tds that i didn't have listed also taking cocodamol
how to plant a house in 27 seconds: ventolin hfa
tysabri infusion. but first i must gather sustenance username first.
username username infliximab, you need go in to hospital, arrange appts etc, make time. with humira pens, its at home, diy.
username username i forgot to refill my gabapentin and went 14 hours without. i thought i was gonna die
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username you cannot harm me, my prozac is like a shield of steel - batshitinsanefink.
shoutout to symbicort for getting my lungs to do their job and making my life a million times easier. OK hand
these aids are mined upspin re nicotine gobbling gum/lozenges, inhalers, sprays and patches, plenary anent which:
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username happy birthday!
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
hudis: vast info on drugs happens after approval feedback is voluntary. vioxx example. missed opportunities. hastag fdambcwebcast
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
hastag download aggrenox - a medical dictionary, bibliography, and annotated research guide to internet references - icon health… username
username haha dang you must have it bad! i never had to go through that. you use advair or no?
wow that's the 4th cough lozenge i've had today. i hate life
it'd be great if sally field's ankle snapped on stage and she lost her boniva gig. username hastag ronfezoscarparty
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
haladol and trazodone time. would be a true all nighter but for probation tomorrow. yep. again.
every day at work lately has been like the hunger games... may the odds be ever in your favor again today, meridia brats.
i am the man in the tamiflu commercial. if you know what i'm talking about then you know.
i love freaking people about with the trade name of drugs. advair diskus, neurontin, bactrim/septra, allegra and ortho tri-cyclen.
just realized my dad has nexium for heartburn
rt username hastag crohns hastag patients relying on hastag biologics like hastag humira can b fine. just see me as the cautionary tale.  hastag abbott must …
take suboxone without a tolerance and you're gonna have a bad time.
plus, you, not knowing that you are allergic to esomeprazole is not our fault.
maguerite writes: hi, how long does everyone get out of joint injections and also, anyones' views on meds, especially enbrel, please?
username seroquel, an anti-psychotic, usually for schiz people but i'm on a small dose.
i was almost 300 pounds. i would drink water and gain 15 pounds. now my synthroid is calibrated a little high. it's great
put a nuvaring on it username hastag rejectedweirdalsongs
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
username no i can't get my advair and got turned down for my asthma rescue inhaler while the cash price for it tripled. username
$100 million nuvaring settlement finalized
the selective cox-2 inhibitor celecoxib appears to cause less severe gi toxicity than nonselective nsaids.
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hastag withdrawal
diplomatic only bodeful carbs-acquaintance the lozenge
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
username few med ins's cover it, but look into savella. 2nd appr'vd med for fibro. for me, better than cymbalta. dbl uptake inhibitor
so today i took some tums and the 7 year old i babysit says you should really try nexium or zantac, they work better
haven't been bowling in a while but i don't remember everyone stopping to watch a crestor commercial that's inexplicably on the score screen
at ectrims: csf selectin can distinguish patients who can continue tysabri from those who are at risk of pml (ralf gold's talk)
username + its panels. why was it so easy to be upset with meridia now? it had never been so easy before; what had anna done to her?
username username thalidomide firm grunenthal makes £millions with their products in uk. even treating those they disabled!
username a thalidomide scratching their arse.
username username username incredible 50 year story of all the thalidomide survivors, their families and their supporters
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
i have chronic acid reflux take a rabeprazole pill daily to prevent it from getting out of control. username username
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hastag breastcancer but can increase hastag hotflashes.
username get me two enbrel and a mich ultra. now damnit!!!!
username sky high i'm sure. really, $1200/yr for prolia (2 shots)? elderly friend took shot #1 two wks ago. severe side effects. dangerous!
so i just learned about paula dean. i hope victoza drops her... that way people will quite telling me she's the reason there copays went up.
k teachers creating books with book crestor during pdday hastag digigansett hyperlink
username that's what cipro is for. levaquin should be a last resort. confused face
hastag confed2014 ss - gp data could have picked up rosiglitazone 5 years earlier...
fingers crossed soooo hard that my new synthroid dose also fixes my itching because i just can't do this anymore. folded hands
if we are creating drugs like tysabri and gilenya amongst others today, what's going to be available in ten years? hastag exciting
username my coach said username meridia im pretty sure!
username i jokingly refer to it as the exelon effect
bruh i swear i never seen a thirst trap that effient in my life..lmao
ciclesonide in severe asthma - study in 2010 - no change in fev1  hastag aaaai
username they want to try cymbalta for it but well see. i have some research to do first. i take enough meds as is thanks. blah
username right now, cancer, hep c, copd etc. get more funding and income for specialists/research. anything else isn't major enough.
answering analyst question, $bmy ceo andreotti: no, we are not going to sell eliquis to pfizer. we are very committed to eliquis. $pfe
oxycodone is one hell of a drug. winking face with tongue
username girl, i'm all about that lithium and latuda life. open hands
allergic reaction to hastag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hastag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
ventolin makes me shake
username username username username username besides. most of my service users aren't allowed varenicline cos of meds/mh
even adderall and coffee have been unsuccessful in motivating me to work today. just wanna nap in the sun and work off this hangover!
username not exactly. added to what i already had. i'm on hydrochlorothiazide (diuretic) and nebivolol (beta blocker), but they did not
the xarelto commercial is a 22 minute short film.
username yeah gillian it is, do you have tysabri here too¿ xx
who's tryna bless me with some adderall for exam week?
username hello their l.m from kuwait l bay 2013 honda crestor their is aproblem in ac it is hot the ajency sayd it is normal they lay and lay
username username username thanks for your support guidance today at the thalidomide survivors art exhibition today. great ideas
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hastag jraproblems username
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, contact us toll free. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol.
melatonin, xanax, and seroquel, but yet no sleep.
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hastag tryagain
you don't need a prescription for starvation, and it could solve way more problems than paxil.
username ang ventolin friend.
username well done i take 2 other tablets and a victoza injection that suppose to suppress your appetite !!! hastag notworkingtoday xxx
advair is a god sent.
really..another unarmed black man killed because the officer mistakes the oxycodone pills as a gun? hastag riprumainbrisbon hyperlink
username that profile pic reminds me of something.... can't put my finger on it...something about vioxx and beer and the alumni room
denosumab solves shortcoming speaking of dig dissipation up-to-the-minute crew including prostate wen: .nzv
i think i would like to make a hi stranger campaign to mengeratkan silatutrahim antara manusia hahaha..
remake be confident and stock market dexilant play michelin. do you blue chips smurf cellulite luna maya fishing and squeak dog play
pt1: uses hastag opioids for pain. didn't tolerate gabapentin hasn't tried others in class. lacks routine directed pt hastag exercise hastag projectecho
commercial: do not take prolia if you're allergic to it.  if you require that warning.. i'm going to say go ahead and take it. hastag phuckit
happy extra crestor day!
username username exactly. you can't see asthma on an x-ray and anyone actually with asthma knows this. advair is a steroid inhaler
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
living on the we can't sleep tonight flying object and needs some eszopiclone pills ayeee.
i need cymbalta
username everytime i see enbrel commercials and the lefty i want to turn on blue chips 2
$azn $bmy astrazeneca ceo says savor clinical trial results of diabetes drug onglyza due in next few days
rt username hastag wisewords wow seroquel really packs a punch: i was on seroquel 50mgs along with elavil 50mgs. it knocked... hyperlink
username username i have similar problems with loperamide liquid. measuring 0.625ml is interesting!
username get some lunesta
it is about time that recognition and compensation for the injustice of thalidamide is paid in full !!!!!!
username thanks for the reply! hmm i wonder how the enbrel will work?! i'm thinking about stelara next...but i dunno
dna methylation identified as potential biomarker of response to etanercept and adalimumab in patients with ra hastag eular2014 abstract op0257
username have you tried cimzia? was on remicade for 1.5 yrs, humira 2 mos, moving on to cimzia was curious of your thoughts
username username my acid reflux has gotten worse since i turned 32. nexium helps a lot.
trazodone kicking in , gooodnight victory hand sleeping face zzz
on souls of my asthma act up again this close to it just acting up imma become a damn supplier of xopenex
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i'm on enbrel right now. it is my first bio med. i've been on plaquinel, mtx, arava, imuran, and tons of pred
i fucking hate fluticasone i always end up drinking it.....
username tadalafil cialis factory in china with high quality and nice price. please contact bob@pharmade.com hyperlink
fun facts: do u know what meds are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved hastag quetiapine aka seroquel
generic white suboxone is garbage
username it would be nice to look at carvedilol and nebivilol separately.
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
client: you look handsome today! me: woah! uloric like you have the gout! *awkward silence* client: you're gonna tweet that, aren't you?
username gotta get that advair shun shit be having me feel like i have iron lungs
mercy...... someone give her some zoloft or paxil!!!!!  hastag moodydaughter
username varenicline seems like the panacea in smoking cessation. it's so expensive and doesn't work for everyone
thank you to exelon for hosting a table this evening! hastag yla2014
username thalidomide survivors and parents recall their first moments of life and the terrible actions of some medical staff
not to go against my puritanical values but will playing frisbee with a nuvaring and diaphragm effect my period?
crazy thing bout twiiter is i always tweet lyrica nd yall never kno if im foreal or not! smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with horns
username excellent stuff - my mum also had velcade before her stem cell therapy a couple of years ago.
username they arrived! hastag quittingcigs hastag nicotine hastag lozenge hyperlink
ease yours expedite in favor of a seapost sarcophagus: viox
i need a doctor....help!! hastag crohns hastag humira hastag coughingthewholeday
username i think they misunderstood. they thought she said if you like it, then you better put a nuvaring on it.
i'm pretty sure at least 40% of people who go to any kind of alcohol rehab are there to trade suboxone oxycodone in the bathrooms at aa.
shorter xarelto advertisement. if you take this pill, you may bleed to death.
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
username the 10 year anniversary of the vioxx recall is approaching. please remember the scores of thousands hastag merck slaughtered.
users can now view and search by prescribing status for buprenorphine certified physicians and treatment providers!
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of victoza's ingredients. oh okay!
when i first specialised in copd in 1988 it was a cinderella disease with a poor outlook and no interest. we've come a long way baby!
$frx buys $mrk's schizophrenia drug saphris for $240m + milestones - bmo analyst maris calls deal:more of a bag filler than a game changer
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
*di antara kalian* play this song
i think the keyword in the xarelto commercial is bleeding. long, unending bleeding.
i'm pretty sure if i googled motivational help for a well educated sahm, it would link directly to an ad for prozac.
sandoz enbrel etanercept hastag biosimilar trial to exploit eu/us reg harmony. us 'submarine' hastag patent 8063182 expiring 2028 still to be dealt with
hastag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
username has your gp given you pregabalin or gabapentin?
ciprofloxacin, vicodin a big warm hotel bath tub.
antara ada dan tiada@omspiik: hastag omspiktanya need someone special ?
username i get a few side effects but not too many thankfully. i'm on 20 different meds though. the best pain med i have is celecoxib
package insert says that all biologics double the serious infection risk (vs placebo) except two: enbrel (1 vs 1%) simponi (2.1 v 1.9%)
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hastag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hastag diabetes
tysabri doesnt cure ms.and has not been sudied no longer than two years in patients with chronic proressive ms
hastag tbicri14 zk compares unnoticed increase in heart attacks due to vioxx to not noticing that fedex workers are throwing packages off plane
username new plan is take venlafaxine and nothing else till hear from specialist. no sleeping pills, or pain relief, just see..
username a picture of a packet of imodium might be better :)
username username username bud, vit c and zinc may be late now. get rx for moxifloxacin (avelox) or levofloxacin(levaquin)
did anyone stop tysabri in 2011 after been told of jc positive and try another treatment then restart tysabri again at a later point ?
username username i've done miralax in gatorade. i imagine you find an alt w/o corn
i tot that there's already ramai org so i pon kalut laaaa,then turn out that me antara org yg 5 terawal. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
what the heck does victoza treat? jesus this medicine has some horrifying side effects.
username the early bird got the worm because he took vyvanse.” username
username i've been holding out for lozenge for a while, still nothing.  jm
username came off of the advair now it is rarely an issue.
maybe once i get regular on saphris again it will help w that anxiety. whew its not easy. how do people be around ppl and not freak out?
in before somebody looks at my last tweet and says i should look into taking crestor for teh hi blud presurz
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
username remember merck's blockbuster vioxx in 1999? the coffin industry had a record year.
this girl got me hooked like nicotine
i am interested to know about high dose aspirin and brilinta hastag brilinta hastag astrazeneca
hey username , see 'nique is doing victoza diabetes drug ads? hastag stillcantgoleft  hastag humanhighlightfilm
username  please have lacinda call attorney for heirship re avandia claims toll free 855-397-3445 ask for joe
i found my nexium while cleaning my room smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
tamiflu is my worst enemy. ever.
wish i had a damn nexium or zantac my heartburn on a 1000 right now.
mxone-antivirus so that facet devices, lozenge usb brandish revel
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hastag insomniacentral hastag stupidmedicines
latuda for bipolar disorders. watch for metabolic syndrome.
username username metoprolol will help;  so will a w!
username yup. duct tape and geodon or haldol and ativan and leather restraints. just kidding on the duct tape hastag crazynursemeasures
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
crestor commercial are made stupid annoying on purpose to raise blood pressure hastag mynewconspiracytheory username username
prescription drug latuda sounds like what you need depends for
may increase dose of febuxostat after 2 weeks if a laboratory test shows that still have too much uric acid in blood.
username my husband had a dvt back in october. he's been on xarelto ever since! the picc line has been major for us.
username that was my go to before nexium was legal
username and hastag peco -- what a pair. a tiny burst of a storm and power is out again. exelon must spend all our $ in corrupt illinois.
pradaxa is a direct thrombin inhibitor hastag inacep2014
i need this nexium to dougie on this reflux is what i need.
username yea right. it's the calm before the storm. either that or the fluoxetine in the water is beginning to work.
giving you dome on trazodone
pain control is very important. tramadol and gabapentin work together very well to control extreme pain ur hastag ivdd dog may have. robaxin too.
me and jesus are going into depression... cymbalta can help username hyperlink
this aint somekinda cry for help but im done iv had all i can take the moonshine ain't workin the nicotine ain't workin its time for me togo
popped a paxil now i'm sane.*sigh*
i fell out of my chair and meridia laughed so hard she peed her pants. hahahahahahahahah bitch
geodon is an atypical antipsychotic - keep an eye out for sedation, falls, abnormal movements, orthostasis
username im on effexor xr 75 mg, wellbutrin xr 300mg, and focalin xr 25 mg and i actually feel like a real person without anxiety sometimes
username username lecture was probably from a marketing-type who happened to forget that compounds like januvia come from r&amp;d.
rt username username 5 mins to shave lozenge! listen to the master! hastag trust -5mins = another £5 hastag challenge hastag forthekids
the only ads pandora ever plays are those pristiq anti-depressant sidebar ads. that's what they are gathering from my taste in music.
i am on the lowest dose of gabapentin now to come off it on sun start pregabalin. brain feels fine, nerves in horrendous pain. ow.
my friend had miralax sitting in a gatorade let the guy she hooked up with drink it then kicked him out loudly crying face pile of poo
username good good. and in the case of heat, diclofenac could be deep heat or voltarol. gels are better as you get massaged too.
username i'm still taking the effexor, but i take that usually around 7 p.m. and it's still 1 to 2 a.m. sometimes before i cool off enuf.
hastag fda's making its case now at username spiriva respimat adcom. co. already got its chance. hastag copd hastag pharma
talking about new med names at work: latuda and saphris. if it was pink saphris everyone would think of pink sapphires. hastag mentalhealth
you're kidding me right? this ad for victoza was 4 minutes long. 3 minutes and 35 seconds of it was the side effects.
oh joy and indeed.....hoorah..... only 3 sleeps till mon. the thought of work has me shopping online for tomazepam =-o
that shit addictive af username when oxycodone is needed tired face ”
really good documentary on thalidomide on bbc2
okay gabapentin let's see what you've got. hastag zzzzz
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
username is patient zero the same actor from the nexium commercial?
fluoxetine prevents the re-uptake of serotonin by the presynaptic neuron.
abstract o31: improved outcomes on higher vs reduced etanercept dose in hastag ankylosingspondylitis pts. similar se profile. hastag rheum2014 ^sl
paling artist of the year antara exo sama winner
someone seriously stole my vyvanse? like i had enough to go around. if you wanted one, you could've asked.
like why the fuck is my asthma so bad that i'm doing 3 nebs, too many puffs of my inhaler, bronkaid, and advair and my chest is still awful
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
last night i took imodium so i wouldn't shit username
soriot explains low take-up of brilinta by saying it wasn't marketed well enough
stairs / mccarthy is audio lunesta
going to (slowly) get taken off of one med. meanwhile, new meds to address that while pristiq did do *something*, it wasn't enough something
looks like silva forgot to take his boniva today.
early treatment with metoprolol also significantly reduced the rate of hospital readmission for chronic heart failure, massively reduced.
who named the drug latuda and why can't you eat grapefruit?!?
username i'm almost out of vimpat
oh my fucking god my dermal just tore out. mad blood. mad pain. darvocet please. or vodka.
2 weeks filled with tests, projects, borderline grades, stress, and adderall. lost of adderall face with tears of joy grinning face with sweat
did you know... pfizer's 10-year-old leukemia drug mylotarg increases the chance of the patient dying by 47%.
the asthma sufferers of the us get ripped off by advair prices…no generic…no significant ins coverage..what are we supposed to do?
humira: take it and you'll probably die but, hey, at least that pesky skin rash is gone.
mixing miralax with alcohol...probably a bad idea! hastag justsayin hastag drinkingproblems
username do the injections suck? enbrel takes 5 seconds longer, but i've heard it's like a wasp sting.
rt username current toc: use of denosumab in a patient with non-small-cell lung cancer and severe renal function impairmen... hyperlink
nuvaring ? tf is that lol
9:05 pm ch. 6.2 the spiriva elephant got to go for a car ride. he also went to a car show. the elephant squeaked, i melted.
our pharma team has takeaways from hastag acr14 - updates on secukinumab $nvs ; lesinurad $azn ; abt-122 $abbv tofacitinib $pfe
crestor linked to numerous cases of severe muscle breakdown, kidney toxicity, and deaths.citizens asks the fda to ban it
username put me on that o2 nose thing til i stopped feeling light headed a steroid to open my lungs then a xopenex treatment for 1hr
vicks rubbing lotion applied, fedac cough mixture downed. symbicort inhaled. please stop bloody waking me up, cough!
username lol yeah nuvaring or something. np. smiling face
this albuterol needs to kick in because i will pack my child up and go to the hospital in a hot second.
crestor hastag votetris hastag windivergent
road trip essentials: red bull, nicotine, and music.
lawwwdddddddd that'll always be better than trazodone
i swear some chemist out there making a dick joke: cialis is the trade name, tadalafil is the generic name. tada! boner!
rt username username i just popped my first username lozenge! wow! can we extend handsome tuesday til saturday? hastag tingly hastag feelinglu…
username totally enjoyed 2 states hastag chefmovie this weekend.took 50mg of crestor after the chef.could taste fatty meat even 3 hrs after
username so glad the oxycodone helps. it's terrible to live like this. chronicpain changes so much. hope they can help u in january. folded hands
username yup. my doctor told me that. dabigatran is almost prohibitively priced here.
hastag caverta sildenafil citrate tablets. discount prescription drugs. caverta tablets treat erectile dysfunction men hyperlink
username when i was at $mrk, family's monthly hc tab was ~$40. and we still had zocor, fosamax, singulair, vioxx (for a bit)...
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
suboxone under my tongue
username he's been on it for awhile now. is tecfidera an option?
username pretty sure avery johnson has a lunesta sponsorship
starting latuda for mia's agressive outbursts due to autism/sensory overload. new drug trial always bitter sweet. hastag latudaandautism
username : any chance darvocet will come back on the market ?
username lol how far are you? am just getting to heathway. i had bacon sandwich this morning. i need to get imodium just in case lool
i’ve seen tinkerbell before, i think. lunesta commercials? hastag peterpanlive
in at-risk patients with type 2 diabetes, saxagliptin and placebo did not differ for cv events
of course our gay medicinal chemistry professor calls metoprolol meatoprolol. hastag lolol hastag butreally squinting face with tongue microscope banana
username i don't know, what's the difference between waiting in line at the suboxone clinic and waiting for a drug dealer to hook you up
tips to not spray ventolin on your tongue?
username bingung antara four sama dvd wwac film._. hastag mtvstars one direction
username yes, it is. you're on humira, right? is it working as you'd hoped?
bizdev panel on career tipping points. username telling story of how she worked on tysabri licensing deal at biogen way back hastag allicense2014
username do any grunenthal employees ever think about those disabled by the company's thalidomide drug or do they just take the money
nicotine and faded dreams. baby, just believe there's no one else like me.
username i know.. i know.. mad bastard this one.. any seroquel? ?
username username why would they call it latuda see-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey
username i was diagnosed all the way back in 1992! luckily it's manageable. starting aubagio soon after yrs of tysabri. well wishes to u!
the tamiflu commercial with the mini phone is hilarious
victoza used to lower blood sugar can cause nausea diarrhea vomiting and kidney damage, fda approved!! are you kidding me this is so wrong !
fda doesn't care if u or ur children die as long as pharma makes $$&amp;$$ still selling chantix paxil resperadal prestique....................
it's not all doom and gloom having a thalidomide baby. i'd put it in a dinosaur outfit n pretend it's a t-rex. hastag thalidomide
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username ...feisty about it because antibiotics get over prescribed and something as useful as levaquin could become useless...
i wanna stay up all night but i dont have the necessary supplies for that aka vyvanse or focalin
username by now? probably needs crestor for cholesterol, daily aspirin, plavix, hbp meds.! purple pill for gerd, prostate weeds viagra!
i got oxycontin, loritabs, molly caps, og gas, swag bags, clean lean double sealed, i.got roxys and xan bars, benzoids, amphetamines
in so much pain that oxycodone isn't even helping.
from cogencis: japan's takeda sues ranbaxy labs for breach of uloric patent in us
does anybody have an opinion, based on clinical experience, on metformin in hastag autism and hastag fragilex ?
username username it's the eliquis po. :)
username yeah i'd patch for a nitro drip or metoprolol if they were hypertensive.
username mt username i've asked this before but can't remember. sominex when on duloxetine pregabalin. okay or not?
username loperamide hcl tabs
finally got my tysabri infusion:) it's as if the gas tank got filled up. i so loathe the monster!!! :(
username given what we know about the demographics of type 2, i'm a bit surprised she's still all over the victoza page.
today i'm thankful for nyquil and tamiflu
put that miralax in my detox water face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm really about to be on the toilet pile of poo pile of poo
take ciprofloxacin and diclofenac twice daily (again).. i hate this disease.
username i've got some symbicort for that if you need it hastag goodstuff
username just dexam stim. can't have xyrem as i'm a single mum. found cataplexy meds (fluoxetine clomipramine) helped in the past.
username make sure you get your hands on some prozac first.
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
crestor commercials fill me with rage. who writes these? do they think they're funny? i just ... i have so many questions.
sildenafil is one kind of drug that's very noticeable yknow. it is blue-indigo in color w diamond shape capsule.
username yay! (although it it doesn't i probably have an unexpired ventolin i could drop off?)
username --take some imodium for you diarrhea of the mouth
hastag mt4p vioxx and avandia
username you probably should so you can get me some adderall face with tongue
one lunesta left and 34 are ruining fashion week from the simpsons
the crestor sports commercial is so stupid, it raises my blood pressure. coincidence, i think not.
i feel like they should have picked a better name for the drug boniva lol
username dude has not eaten a cheeseburger since high school, so i doubt he has nicotine problems lol
kamikaze dexilant diarrhea. a camel. huntercoin lama parries playing cards fart young moo does beyonce. micky vanish amazon
wider cns safety margin of mirogabalin versus pregabalin demonstrated in preclinical studies at the last general poster session of hastag aan14
interesting, exelon bought three mile island after the accident. continues to operate unit 1, caretaker for unit 2 hastag usjr2014
username i hate effexor hateeeee. i'm weaning off of cymbalta this week, i don't see it as easy as the dr made it sound lol
now watch tamiflu and facemask prices shoot up, as hoarding and black marketing reign hastag birdflu hastag avianflu epidemic in kerala
username all because of his school environment so now he is on 2 doses of 125mg flovent 2x a day all school year - come on really?
username my depression is worsening... cymbalta can help.
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
what next after metformin debate username sahf 2014 username username hyperlink
tiotropium binds equal affinity to m1-3 receptors but faster dissociation from m2 receptor =&gt; selective anti cholinergic effect hastag eaaci2014
username ikr!!! and oh i see, that sucks. i hope humira works out for you! yeah for humira i'm going to switch to the standard needle where
helen williams talking about noacs for dvt treatment. einstein study: non-inferior for rec events with rivaroxiban vs enoxaparin+vka hastag cpc14
educated patient who received sample of advair discus. now patient aware to inhale entire dose rinse mouth after use. hastag pharmacist hastag educate
username username username username username username true! i was prescribed oxycontin once of course never took it, next, oxycodone
username  more potent and more serious ae according to guidelines atorvastatin doc due to less ae
username username well you best get yo mind a nuvaring and get ova it because no
erm tolcapone and entacapone were perhaps found by al capone ?  hastag lame ha ha
hastag the risks associated with buprenorphine abuse  hastag article 102471 username username
username hope you are feeling better soon,i got cipro from doctor on prescription and it helps after a couple of days
so i popped an adderall and now i want to sneak into a library to steal education.
my hastag anaconda don't want none unless you got sildenafil hun
thank you boniva for making sally field possible.
username neither is he fact that i forgot to take my fluoxetine.
username #130531_귤자/prozac@naver.com,
username username username username username thanks for your interest in the suboxone directory!
my patient taught me today memo . gabapentin causes eye symptoms in some patients - conjunctivitis in 1%, blurred vision in 3-4%.
username i've been taken them somewhat regularly. it was the effexor i wasn't taking. and prob wasn't good idea to take full dose-
username yes. has boot now. on prolia for osteoporosis. was the good foot: stress fracture at pressure point of orthotic.
mother nature, it's great that you finally showed up yesterday but i gotta put my nuvaring back in tomorrow so... ? i need you gone.
study suggests patient types and stent types had no impact on findings of reduced rate of stent thrombosis with brilinta ugusj2y7k60.twitter
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
des viox 2014! username username confino,gahmi honore hastag desvoix hastag frenchplaywrights hyperlink
username adderall and/or focalin xr
na imodium fit do rt username hope you have flagyl close by username breakfast don't hate on my culinary skills hyperlink
hey, you sorry ass motherfrickers! get off your internet lozenge! the real world awaits!! yell at trees!! touch stuff you've never touched!!
thank god for oxycodone
adcom votes 13-0 that efficiacy data provides substantial evidence of clinically meaningful benefit 4 spiriva respimat. hastag fda adcom
username i’m hoping to start a biological soon just don’t no weither to go infliximab or humira x
apologies for going on but the thalidomide story is very important to me. dad and step mom both survivors.
username levofloxacin (another ab)
username etanercept currently available&amp;has been shown to stall alzheimer's attack/my take:don't mess with nature.address own health
username should denosumab or teriparitide be used for osteoporosis in renal failure ?
username umm yeah... vimpat keppra bitch lol!
username you need to call the dr monday and let him know the lunesta didn't work.
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
maybe if i take the strattera and neurontin right now i could get more sleep while i have the time.
username miralax will
so i just accidentally asked izzy for adderall instead of advil so that's how my day is going...
i wonder if i accidentally took a seroquel instead of a lamictal this morning. that'd do it. hastag doom
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
neurologist put me on viibryd in an attempt to suppress my rem sleep and crush my vivid dreams that leave me unrested.
cnn: dropping your cymbal is no reason to turn to cymbalta. lame-vomits.
username username amitriptylline no longer used routinely due to cardiac effects. pregabalin is the new drug of choice.
username i take verapamil (heart med) and namenda (expiramental) daily to help prevent them. used to have them 5 days a week! hastag migraines
big thanks to my lovely sister for today's effort :*we're like catchin up each other for a latest year antara hastag bogor hastag jakarta username
username i once had a purple and yellow nexium pen loudly crying face
username sitting home with the flu now. started tamiflu yesterday. am i (reasonably) immune now for the rest of the season?
so a low dose of diazepam is out, but a very high dose of pregabalin is a-ok! where did this woman get her licence to practice medicine?
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
username username i take quetiapine for the mania and citalopram for depression. think they're supposed to balance eachother
username username i'm on carb, tegretol, topiramate, duloxetine, but its the lacosamide that seems to have quietened the devil down.
boniva could have been a sponsor of the beatles reunion, with all the old people bouncing in the audience. hastag bonivabeatles hastag beatles
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
what idiot wears their nuvaring as a bracelet??? lmao
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
ah yes i forgot how fucking bad the saphris tastes
$avnr agreement with $mrk januvia
come on username someone give pj a throat lozenge or some tea.
rivaroxaban diary day 22. will take furesomide now. and paracetamol. will suggest to medics that i go back to drugs i know work ok together
username username valsartan pushed by ins cos b/c generic version, pts forced to take mediocre meds, not best in class.
username pregabalin may be worth a try too - takes 5-6 weeks to show much effect/for side-effects to settle etc.
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
username username no. plus you must eat with them. i took diclofenac on empty stomach once. never again.
username umm take an adderall clams you the fuck down!
watching this ad for victoza is making me laugh. it spent the whole commercial listing its numerous risks, and there was hardly any benefits
zyrtecd, hydrocodone, nasal spray, levofloxacin and prednisone are amazing! i can breathe now. thank you insurance!
toughest decision of the night: which throat lozenge to take that will best compliment my colgate toothpaste?!!
join us today at 5pm for the joint nsbe, shpe swe exelon meeting in seo 1000! food and drinks will be provided! see you there!
my sister has sildenafil citrate like ew
uk health secretary we expect honesty from drugs firms please ask german thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to allow access to archives
zyrtec, singulair, advair inhaler first thing this a.m. now benedryl at 10:30. hastag ihateragweed hastag allergies hastag titohandmeatissue
watch it yo! running out of nicotine liquid. :o shit
renin inhibitor aliskiren not effective in slowing progression of coronary atherosclerosis
username i think sally field forgot her boniva tonight.
i've whipped out the ventolin puffer, here's hoping i don't have pneumonia or something
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
username username for anyone who has a problem wishing hardness, i find sildenafil works wonders
an fda keep the black-box warning on the smoking cessation drug varenicline (chantix),the warning alerts patientsl , suicidal behavior.
i have spent far to much money today and i know it, think it is time to increase the hastag olanzapine, at least my shrink will be happy :-)
popping paxil inside with a/c &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; having a breakdown outside under the sun
few more of the antara hyperlink
username 4 low thyroid levothyroxine (manmade isnot bioidenticle);armour thyroid is pig derived (more god made) body can balancet3 t4
my friend told me she liked nexplanon more than nuvaring i was like i remember when you had nuvaring we might know each other too well.
going to need to slip my cats imodium cause there isn't a day where a come in and the house isn't stinking of shite due to their litter tray
slutty fluoxetine
we're gonna be so fun once the both of us are on fluoxetine i'm tellin ya
depression hurts , cymbalta can help username i'm so depressed , i need to stop .
officially addicted to nicotine
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
the no. 1 treatment for hastag pcos is not metformin or bcps or spironolactone; but attaining and maintaining a normal weight through a good diet
preparing for my presentation on the exelon use case for it operations. no pressure. hastag hpcustforums
username that's good! i might have to consider this route if i can't be on latuda and geodon at the same time
exelon has awarded a usd 800 million contract for its reactors to dutch-based cb&amp;i
seroquel makes me wanna eat so much
username does the username ever chat to clubs like username about timings to help in cl comps for good of co effient like the german fa do?
username better now. well, back to the usual. i'm impressed with how the symbicort has almost eliminated her coughing.
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
one minute viotex are number one and then he goes.... play us then if viox beat g3no viox will be number 1 hahahaha i no g3no are no 1
exelon info session tonight at 7:30 in 101 ee east!
i'll be ok moxifloxacin and another antibiotic iv, hopefully this helps
username makes sense since pfizer was originally developing sildenafil nitrate to treat high blood pressure
i just took another adderall and am waiting for jesus to take the wheel for me this finals week
generic lipitor $25 for 90, generic lexapro $25 for 90, generic flomax $25 for 90, generic effexor $25 for 90, generic cozaar/hyzaar $25/90.
isobel and violet are just begging to be cast in a boniva commercial.  hastag downtonpbs
rt username pharmaceutical dinners... yet another reason why i love my job red heart syringe face with medical mask thank you effient pill pill pill (at username hyperlink
the case of paroxetine is depressing. what do we know, what we don't know and what is hidden from us by big pharma?
lilly said its drug dulaglutide showed non-inferiority” when tested against the strongest dose of victoza
ritonavir be like yo i'm here
miralax is a stool softener in case ya didn't know eyes pile of poo
username miralax thank you for existing ill dedicate my future grammy to you
username username all that's missing is crestor and a stent !
username nader ought to read the chapters on me too drugs and vioxx in drug truths - at least understand what he's arguing against.
found some nexium in my scrub pocket. anybody suffer from gerd? i gotchu.
username $chrs enbrel ph3 read-outs in apr'15 4q15, so never assume success, play with hedge (but pk-pd good). 3ofx
username sounds good and i'm sure loperamide will be your best friend :p
username lol nice try cardioselective beta blockers are atenolol, bisoprolol, metoprolol, acebutolol and nebivolol
username as a patient, id certainly take atorvastatin ahead of vytorin if my life depended upon it based on all available data
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
celecoxib isn't that much of a help. geez
levothyroxine 1.6mcg/kg/day &lt;50yo
achieving inception via lunesta and lsd
username username i really wish they made one of those that fit advair discs
username username i used to carry cipro sometimes too, but it expired before i ever needed it! :)
what is the advantage of the nuvaring over the pill or patch? seems so much more inconvenient
username username we were right about the nerve pain. pregabalin is used a lot for neuropathic pain. it's strong babe xx
presenting feedback control of atorvastatin dosing in 1/2 hr at hastag embc14, location e-224. see you there?! hyperlink
is that even how u spell cymbalta idk it looks weird
oh man. one nexium left. living on the edge!
username the nebulizer meds have more serious side effects so i try to hold off if i can use the xopenex instead. its on standby.
med rec tech: the patient didn't know what dose of paxil she took so i just put down 10mg me: um, no
the next person that tells me they need some oxy is getting a script for oxybutynin
username mmm seroquel like britney
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hastag cantbetheonlyone hastag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
this levofloxacin treatment have given satisfied result so far. uhuuy!
username agree more info on prolia + bio needed. some data for ra it not only inhibits erosions but acr scores. don't use combo often.
back from the psychiatrist. she prescribed me viibryd and ambien. i'm really going to be loopy now loliez. ;) :p
depression hurts cymbalta wont help
your local cardiologist prefer pravastatin, while endocrinologist prefer rosuvastatin :) what about u
just took that seroquel
username no i haven't i am on clobazam vimpat
username can you explain the tysabri range?
username username did you know that pts on dabigatran in re-ly had increased rate myocardial ischemia? interested in postmarketing data
good thing about being diagnosed with hastag hypermobilitysyndrome hastag hms is that the specialist wants to put me on cymbalta and referred to physio
username i liked the nuvaring answer better hastag codysvagina
when my brother doesn't have his vyvanse &lt;&lt;&lt;
reddit: almost completely new to us than that. will use lunesta if i wanna do is hastag drugs with your hastag hadoop success? everything. read this:
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
username she prescribed tecfidera - it's a twice daily oral med. it's only a year old?
when you feel like you need to shit but you took some imodium earlier.
using the nebuliser again! making sure to dilute the ventolin so i don't turn into a hummingbird again!!!
username cyclizine, imigran, naproxen and duloxetine, codeine, paracetamol.... c-c-c-c-caffeine hastag gettinguphitofthesummer
roches tamiflu for children temporarily in short supply in u.s.
vioxx: ~ 50% ↓ in gi complications with vioxx 50mg/d vs naproxen 500mg bid a thrombotic event rate of 1.8% (vioxx) vs 0.6% (naproxen).
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
username username cymbalta is the devil
today a nurse is coming to my house to help me with my first injection of enbrel and then off to the vet to talk about aries
lamotrigine may be of interest for both prevention and treatment of brain metastases of her2+ breast cancer.
hastag dispatches definatly throwing all my victoza in the bin after watching this
another saturday morning at the suboxone methadone clinic. everyone must have slept in - it's crowded right now. mm
username username adderall had me counting all the grains of sand in the desert
username diclofenac and traction/physio. though as much as the thought disgusts me, chiropractors work.
username she spends more on gold leaf than madonna does on boniva....and it takes a lot of boniva to keep that old bitch doing crab bends!
i took my restoril and hour and a half ago. why aren't i sleeping?
after a terrible day, i've had 4 x codeine, 4 x diclofenac 3 x paracetamol tablets. approaching a comatose state of sleep. g'night world.
you liquid darvocet
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
doctor challenges testing of astrazeneca's brilinta tabulation of heart attacks
username i'm campaigning trying to raise awareness for copd as well as trying to raise funds for my specialist hospitals.
username ch....... we gonna get you that boniva just in case.
de carro bros winery binds satirical papaya essences and a light-footed albuterol flavor in their 2006 chardonnay. hastag الجلال
username both are really well treatable with the right meds and metformin is the most commonly used medication for diabetes here in
please please no tobacco. no nicotine .n yess no smoking  !
username username my pristiq helps me smile inside my cubicle like the cog i am.
username i'm in the big leagues. maximum daily dose of pregabalin with co-codamol as backup. wheee!
username i have two i have one called flovent and the other abuterol and i mostly use the abuterol bc it helps with my breathing
she said if one more stupid thing happens, i am going to geodon you. i'm done face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
xopenex is a gift from god
so my dr is now prescribing adderall to go w/ my suboxone. so basically, i'm speedballing 24/7. 2 addictive drugs to keep me off 1. ok...
just watched a victoza commercial - which is a diabetes medicine. the list of negative side effects was legitimately endless. why.
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
username i'll take a boniva
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
in case of opiods detoxification we give buprenorphine + neloxane (suboxone) hyperlink
username username username in holland govt+insurance companies very reluctant to pay for febuxostat hastag onywhocanafford? ;-(
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hastag iwillwin
hastag wsmlondon14 rivaroxaban, apixaban - inhibit factor xa. given post op. wait 18hr after dose (48hrs if renal failure). irreversible.
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
i'm off the latuda today.
username username me too! but it's different pain ya know? my back has hurt for years...it's not like that. i'm already in neurontin
going to pass out if i dnt find my preventer ventolin
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
if anyone has experience with lamictal they'd like to share, i'd love to hear it. mainly i took it and didn't die, that'd be nice
may basedgod and large amounts of vyvanse give me the grace to bone this act
assume vivid astro focus' adderall valium ativan focalin (cantilevering me) show username gallery (old deitch) hyperlink
username cause my adderall hasn't kicked in yet
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac username username username
username from what my doctor told me, the spiro metformin work well together to help minimize symptom issues.
username i just retweeted some cardiology news regarding dabigatran post af ablation to make u feel at home! lol
victoza - going to buy a new drug - shame on you
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
username username username username suboxone   face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy that shit david gave me
soo somebody put miralax on some popcon and username ate it!! lmao somebody gonna be shitty tonight weary face raising hands clapping hands face with tears of joy  hastag boredom hastag collegelife
i need crestor
sitting in the cvs drive thru because this little boy is put of his vyvanse prescription. he's in the car with me....without vyvanse.
username username i have a dea number and it begins with x - which means i have special training on the use of buprenorphine for addicts
gsk are pure evil. hastag paroxetine
representing username at a username proposed single technology appraisal for apixaban in managing vte
hastag thankyoujesusfor fluoxetine and escitalopram.
username the best sword. praise meridia
username no it's not. it's sildenafil citrate
pitfall of celeb endorsement in hastag advertising -paula deen for diabetes drug victoza username hastag pharma hastag marketing hyperlink
whoa! rip roaring diarrhoea with mucus. mum's poor irradiated bowel has really missed its loperamide over the past few days.
username 3)the thiazolidinediones rosiglitazone pioglitazone increase the risk of hyperlink
username highly under the influence of restoril temazepam can anyone explain why dis wanker isnt textin back to his pill eatin partner
or my girlfriend left a nuvaring in the fridge... would you like that? would that be good for you? i know you don't drink! username
generic lunesta looks hard to pronounce i can't wait to listen to pts butcher it, but it's pretty easy. eszopiclone (es-zoe-pic-lone)
username humira done.tho i'm thinking its days are numbered :s oh? you fed up or getting less effective! hope you are okay.x
you, me and duloxetine hastag pharmafilms
username i do too! every year! syringe face with medical mask no flu for me! tamiflu is 3x more expensive than a flu shot (&amp; most insurances cover the shot!)
mtv are you stupid?? you're trying to compare adderall and oxycontin...
username aww collette. something going around. been needing ventolin and cough meds last couple of days xx
username was taking lamotrigine all the time through this period and olanzapine for duration of episodes only. started q 7 days ago
username  i'd highly advise you to stay away from seroquel. you ain't seen nothin' yet until you eat one of those.
it's a good time for the great taste of voiceless imodium ad
also the nuvaring goes up ur vagiddly but its squishy and flexible so its like. not even hard
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
it was not just ranbaxy's valsartan delayed launch, username also launched duloxetine after misssing out the first wave in dec.
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
username oxycontin ritalin adderall dayquil and nyquil. all at the same time
username i believe that pristiq occasional marijuana in gestation may reduce the symptoms tremendously.
also i called my ins, they don't even have the humira request from the doc yet. definitely starting on my own. ain't nobody got time fo dat!
thank the heavens for vyvanse.
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
username username nexium
damn it now gotta go down to fracking store 2 get question answered beware couldn't get my prozac filled 4 couple of days!!!!!
wall-e coin market cap me yabba diem see. you lost! the cloak, like youre stiles. pee-wee fenofibrate gold coins machine. you win: u2
username each tablet contains diclofenac potassium 12.5mg username hyperlink
jcv test back negative, first tysabri infusion booked in, watch out ms i'm coming to get you! hastag msfightback
username username username re cei's memantine: fair to say- most key opinion leaders have staggering 'joint working' with pharma
and the gp has prescribed me some temazepam yaaaay hopefully il get some better sleep tonight!!
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hastag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
rimonabant is the reverse of marijuana. its a drug that has the exact opposite effects of weed. should just name it anaujiram though.
username very true. maybe you might need a higher dose of the hastag humira like 2 shots or even a different hastag biological drug?!
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
pregabalin drug can help reduce incidence of chronic pain following cardiac surgery
rt username my breakfast of choice is a cup of starbucks coffee with a side of 70mg vyvanse.
rt username eular highlights: celgene's apremilast; abbvie's humira; and lilly's baricitinib: patients in the 30mg bid act... http:/…
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
username and olanzapine smd about 0.6 is also approaching a large effect size? interesting as people say antipsychotics not v effective
but when nuvaring goes in, booty call is on! username when invisalign goes in, booty call is off!”
ferc approves merger of exelon and phi holdings inc. (exelon corporation) .
why couldn't remicade just work forever so i wouldn't have to shoot myself up with humira every two weeks? hastag reflectionsinthedoctorsoffice
i love vyvanse :) i really hope i can get the script
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
seroquel and vodka!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! join me
you know how dependent i am on januvia and yet you do this. come, i clap for you.
manusky should give the d line some imodium ad so we can stop these damn runs tonight. hastag snf hastag nevsind hastag coltstrong hastag stopthepatriotflu hastag gocolts
username i'm on tizanidine for my neck spasticity (stiffness), tried gabapentin bt didn't work 4 me.
rt username xarelto may lead to bleeding which may end in death. i am loving the side-effects warnings on us medical tv ads.
so far my favorite part of hastag constantine was the miralax commercial and the big clump of purple shit blocking up that woman
jeff need to bring a nigga some adderall or focalin when he comes home.
username unfortunately one component of advair can cause complications after extended use... so this isn't too surprising
username … thalidomide being the most well known example of this. sorry i rambled on, i just love chemistry!
rt username all nighter is killing me right now, i hate you vyvanse
victoza commercial warns do not take victoza if u r allergic 2 victoza. thank u hastag captainobvious. hastag duh
everyone in the library looks as if their adderall is starting to wear off.
as a diehard dc sports fan with two games coming up later today, am oddly excited about finding a $7 off nexium coupon in sunday's wapost...
karate chump: matt groening sweeping add kick; gandhi sweeping dexilant punch. matt groening wins!
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hastag diazepam hastag baclofen
username username never mind, i just saw what he said. (giggle...) i am a soap fan and i don't need paxil.
so duloxetine and pregabalin combination has been shown to work in hastag fibromyalgia
kate to gp: please can i have a prescription for pregabalin oxynorm. oh and can you sign this form so i can jump out of a plane?!
username why the lockdown? did they mistake sally's boneva for a bomb?
the knee is the absolute worst place to have it. was having weekly attacks. i took uloric for 2 months/stopped, haven't had problem in 2 yrs
the pm mike hancock is now on prozac.
my thoughts on rupert murdoch have changed dramatically after watching this thalidomide documentary. hastag sointeresting
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hastag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
that moment when a crestor ad comes on as i nibble on slices of sopressata
username tamiflu and something else! weary face
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
you can't half tell stephanie's a smoker when she takes a puff of ventolin and then blows it out.
edward would like everyone to know that tamiflu is the bomb.
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
i read the words party organization and got a very clear image of lunesta angrily dancing with shutter shades and glow sticks. i can't.
bock choy white hair boats. she is dog biscuit pulls galaga in diet. we and brakes. farted school subject is zostavax wee sports
username that was the worst. it was a nightmare. paxil, celexa a close second.
my cat just tried to eat an imodium i accidentally dropped on the floor.
username username eliquis is third next gen anticoagulant to be launched. combined sales of three drugs are doing fairly well.
username username username username i feel same way about my ch 7. two big things happen. waiting 4 ff to take its paxil
just found out there's a new drug called tradjenta. working on obtaining type 2 diabetes, so i can take tradjenta and be the ultimate.
if you don’t have a reaction to eliquis or xarelto, they’re easier to live with (no inr testing, no dietary restrictions) than warfarin
.@davidjo52951945 .@nidge41 oh dear! so sunday times going to echr to break scandal of thalidomide was the action of criminals?
username try some tums lol i've been feeling good ever since i took some nexium for like 2 weeks it's pricey tho
username flovent the headcovers with the new staff bag!
username i went, he gave me my quetiapine, then i left and he didn't say anything so :)
username username pregabalin used to be very popular (therefore banned for prescribing) when i worked in prisons.
just occurred to me that since i’ve already completed my bloodwork, i could dip into some 125 synthroid for the weekend instead of my 112s.
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
username username is 6mp the same as immuran? i was on immuran with remicade, cimzia humira ea time. going back on h wo it now.
nicotine faded dreams..
username yep. i'm gonna take an extra advair dose tonight (usually only take in the am) as long as i don't run around i'll be ok.
username a few minutes then disappear for hours before returning. i'm already on 60mg mst plus 10mg boosts when needed 900 gabapentin :)
my website form is being spammed by seroquel vendors. really? there's a spammers market for antipsychotics?
today is adjust the apixaban dose day...welcome to being 80 lmao that was good
username haven't heard of strattera but vyvanse is pretty new, higher doses and strength then adderall. manufactured by shire in ire
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
update 2-fda staff cautious about j&amp;js latest xarelto application
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
rt username username no be a psychiatrist so you can prescribe me with life time amount of vyvanse and xanax
username if your still struggling. you have to shout louder until the doctor hears you and helps you! ask to try metformin first or...
when my brothers adderall wears off at night...... hyperlink
username username the real eylea killer could be vegf/pdgf dual inhibitor from kala pharma, another third rock bob langer co. ;)
all i can rmb is loperamide 4mg initial dose followed by 2mg after each unformed stool max 16mg cuz ive been chanting this the whole day
my dad is a neonatal dr that has saved many kids in peru. he's been diagnosed with liver cancer and he needs sorafenib 400 hastag standuptocancer
rf hot balloon ablation: didn't stop dabigatran for procedure. reddy says he switches from dabigatran to rivaroxaban for procedure hastag hrs2014
my drag, name is viox inc. :3 viox inc, is elaganza-exravaganza and very bitch. username
hastag id now: effective treatments available for hiv patients not eligible for efavirenz regimens
username 1 week lo issue resolve aina kastame antara ?
cymbalta helps
thank god for trazodone when you want to sleep in forever but can't cause your mind is like fuck you let's think about every little thing!!
throw back; staying up for 5 days straight and going to the movies with my family and railing lines of adderall in the bathroom
username really really glad you’re not suffering horrible side effects though. i hear pregabalin (also for fibro) can help.
i am increasingly turning to ranolazine as an antiarrhythmic drug for patients with refractory arrhythmias. others with the same experience?
username username ugh that's awful. i tried the nuvaring as a last effort and i thought i was going through menopause face with tears of joy
i think i'm goin to back off that nuvaring
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
starving. .. thanks saphris
so the medicine latuda. pretty sure that’s going to be a child’s name someday. or is already a child’s name. latuda! latuda come here!”
fda withdrew the previously granted tentative marketing approvals for the ranbaxy’s anti-ulcer drug nexium and hiv infection drug valcyte.
username no, you def can't have both. trazodone had no effect on me at all. nothing has worked for me except good ol' ambien.
except the adderall isn't kicking in so i'm still dead
i was just given v good head and all i could think of during that moment was sonic the hedgehog running around a nuvaring
it also feels like asthma but i don't have a fkn ventolin thing, it expired 3 years ago
gonna go buy some lunesta and nyquil then pass out goodnight
liraglutide pen(rdna) a glp 1 analogue non insulin injection stimulates insulin when glucose up arrow up arrow up arrow used 1x per day sustains action&gt;24 hours.
username grown up sucked dick imo. radio song or adderall admiral sounding would be cool
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
username username username viox seriously does ice skate.
username username hi i'm on tizanidine 4spasms in body,nortriptyline 4head 1's gabapentin 4overall pain. tried diff combinations of pill
username winking face with tongue stolen face masks stolen 1/8 suboxone in exchange for the ass oncoming fist beating from god they both agreed i said no hunting me backhand index pointing down ....
dear doctors, pls fuck off with your opinions ....remember thalidomyde ? . shove your statins where the sun don't shine. hastag jumpedupmechanics
just been called helpful and friendly by a client apparently. i've been fucking miserable today, so she must be on prozac or something
username ② levofloxacin hastag drug _information hyperlink
anyone need vyvanse? 60mg text me if anyone needs it.
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
vyvanse turns my mind into the hulk
using the nuvaring made me very familiar w my vag
fluoxetine labels with my name on them..
username hi i want to ask a question that can we go to gym after taking 300 mg of pregabalin under the influence of it
diazepam + trazodone = bliss. who needs a glass of wine? hastag chilledout
username username username there's darvocet (banned), spasmo proxyvon (banned), proxyvon (banned) grinning face with smiling eyes . doc may prescribe dicloran
thank you quest diagnostics horizons hospice apidra bayer pt group welchol cdc the pa dept of health the va dept of health of course wamo
username i've been taking victoza for a while and it works great, my insurance just denied it. can you help me get it cheaply or free?
username the following food are zipreza haldo geodon
ouch. bad stomach, golf game in 4 hours. i'll take my chances but going to bring imodium tablets toilet paper, lots of toilet paper.
username temazepam trapezoids candy crush litterbox
-___- tried to call in a two doe my synthroid apparently im out so i have to go to the doctor which is gonna take 2 weeks...
does this crestor commercial piss anybody else off? you're dancing in the streets bc of a cholesterol drop? great life.
username nexium 40
the key to midterms week is ______ fill in the blank, 90% are gonna say adderall lol
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username just followed me. that makes the enbrel i'm about to take worth it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username i think my sister username took cipro if you need to talk to her about side effects and the like.
username stability?! lol i meant symbicort
i want adderall so bad rn but i can't so i drink copious amounts of coffee to compensate.
siriani bros winery blends uplifting albuterol undertones and a uninhibited shrimp bouquet in their 1996 merlot. hastag حاسبوا
i take advair and i have to use a nebulizer couple times a week username username username username username username
i'm not sure what would possess my mother to like vimpat on facebook.
just saw the crestor ad on tv, where an obese middle aged dude is cheering for it vs lipitor, just like he would his home team.really? wtf?
got my adderall today so i'll finally be my normal self again. and i won't be so annoying and hyper sorry about that... hastag workingonit
username ambian or lunesta if you really need it
username ah i see. yeah i am on pristiq for anti-d, then lunesta and xanax as needed as well as adderall for add. i'm a mess!
sort of nostalgic for the time in my life when i didn't know how to pronounce the word lozenge. it was a time of mystery.
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
l___, that was a good trick. i was able to smile because i was sitting. we'll call that the geodon game.
it's a small world adderall
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
neurontin (gabapentin) has multiple indications and needs to be monitored for dose adjustment in ckd
username yes, i'm back on tysabri to treat the hastag ms.
username username my cymbalta fucked me up for the first week i took it, now it’s amazing and positive
changed my inhaler brand hella excited to try levolin out on my lungs ventolin it's been real snowboarder
patrick why are you doing dishes i took a vyvanse and now i'm cleaning everything lol alright bud
today is no fosamax day! yay! i get back to it next week though
i don't even know what a nuvaring is but it sounds funny
just went to cuba usde cocky shun diarrhea gillette apple tv lincoln center news: the dalai lama boy=bed, mult by da/b. spiriva
replacing sleep with adderall and coffee. happy finals week everyone. thumbs up
this strong ass oxycodone got me feelin greeeeeat (in my tony the tiger voice)
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
at time of tysabri approval, few other options for treating multiple scelorosis none as effective. hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username could be down syndrome or a thalidomide
username real world eg - 70 yo warfarinised patient needs 10 path + 10 gp attendances a year. $140 cost to him or pradaxa at $1100 pa?
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
got my annual supply of ventolin inhalers over the counter in majorca : 3 for €8. hastag whatawheeze
a life without adderall is hardly a life at all..
females stay cheatin in they dreams, i keep my girl on adderall she ain't about to dream about a nigga better than me.
for all you hastag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hastag fuckoff
can't sleep ugh! and thank god for xopenex and atrovent! ok goodnight
$arna clearly its not the current script # that is causing pps rise, its the potential of belviq as safe alternative to chantix $pfe get it?
all you crazy women need some latuda in your life!! haha
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. knew it.
username nah you don't, kelly has gone in and kicked up a shitstorm and got me ventolin before. they can look up your records and see
rt username username savor trial fails to meet primary ep, superiority of dpp-4 diabetes drug hastag onglyza
made a smoothie with metamucil, prune juice, butterscotch candy, boniva fear-of-the-new for the vmas. gone curmudgin'
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
bonfire tonight. fuck yeah. i am down as a clown who needs his prozac
uk guidance = offer atorvastatin 20 mg for primary prevention of hastag cvd where 10% or greater 10‑year risk of developing cvd (differs from nz).
username theraflu or tamiflu always helps me at least be functional. also dayquil.
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
username 20 metformin tabs , 20 aspirin tabs , 8 paracetamol tabs , 10 vit. b tabs
username a technique they originally mastered with crestor, selling billions despite generic atorvastatin
any body wanna buy me cymbalta, my depression hurts.
username training 3al symbicort inhaler :')
username hey, it could be worse- you could have denied ever having miralax in your house- at least, to your knowledge...
username on tace + sorafenib in hcc: studies on toxicity of combination therapy have shown it is well tolerated. hastag synergymiami2014
who needs preworkout when your prescribed adderall hastag speedster
i'm still confused about why that doctor yesterday was so annoyed that my re prescribed metformin and ob prescribed synthroid?
username username username username same as off diclofenac 100mg tds until settled (usually 2 doses) then wean off. compliant?
watching abc app and the mickelson enbrel ad came in 10 times.makes me wonder number of people with psoriatic arthritis hastag phrmamarketing
.@dshaywitz saw your piece. not sure if you noted that we quoted three of the top bystolic prescribers. we don't say there's causation.
what's happening, people? (my whisky lunesta cocktail hasn't taken full effect)
username paxil? am all good thanks pal.
via username consensus forecast for brilinta sales. blockbuster in 2016? hmmm $azn hyperlink
omg. the tv spot for the country house syncs up perfectly with the audio from blythe danner's prolia commercial.
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
i've been on enbrel for nearly a year now, yet i'm still afraid to inject it. flushed face syringe
username right now i am on enbrel. it's my 3rd month. can tell a difference in my skin and maybe the exhaustion level some better!
been trying to get throuhgh to cipro 4 the past 3 days... phne rings for hours. automated responses... do they hav jewish holidays??!
effects of sitagliptin on plasma incretin concentrations after glucose administratio hyperlink
have you ever read dog? it's a good book. my mom is a super mario and my dad is a ransack. what's your favorite drink? mine is imodium ad.
username just imodium in your pocket tonight then? not much like the 70's fred?
use latuda for bipolar depression! ...do not eat grapefruit or drink grapefruit juice while using latuda. prescription drugs man i swear..
define irony: getting fluticasone as my nasal spray. hastag berlinpackaging
glad i finally got trazodone to help me sleep at night and migraine meds
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hastag badass hastag sick hastag withdraws hastag sicksicksick
i had no idea there was such thing as a nicotine ua ?!!? hastag wtf
employee - free drug discounts - save up to 50 % - nexium
still gonna be a lunesta classic rt username lmao cold? rt username dom better not drop this next project while it's cold out dawg.
starofday: bdsi (14%) p3 efficacy study of bema buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients meets endpoints.
username maybe i should have her look at my brother's medical records. what's her opinion on remicade vs. humira effectiveness in uc?
oxycontin 30/80 dill xanax 2mg dilaudid opana roxicodone adderall 30m (downtown)
username that's why you substitute adderall for oxycontin.
rt username wait” *pops vyvanse*  now beer me”
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hastag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hastag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hastag day11
username username weapons grade pain meds being administered inc. buprenorphine but no mri since dx 9 yrs ago.
stupid commercial...every crestor commercial. just plain stupid.
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
gabapentin and pregabolin and i'm still in pain. not great.
i saw teddy roosevelt trending and figured the zombie apocalypse has started. alas, its just the oxycontin and neurontin jackin' with me.
username remicade didn't work. neither did humira or methotrexate. eds causes extra issues. i'm recovering from brain surgery right now.
username i'm suboxone certified &lt;-- by whom? username username username username username
i swear 4 years ago this actress endorsed boniva and now she's on a prolia commercial. i see how the tables have turned.
do not take if you are allergic to victoza -the victoza commercial
unless u been on adderall or focalin or vyvanse since 6th grade, you are by definition a drug using addict dumbass
username omg isn't it? i've been on ecigs for nearly 2 years and i havn't needed antibiotics or ventolin for last 2 winters love-em!
i drank my step dads drink a little bit ago and didn't realize it had miralax in it...so that's how my days going. grinning face with sweat face with tears of joy
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial.
tysabri has a 68 % efficacy rate at reducing relapses. that's craaaaaazy!! 68% is huge!! that's 32% off a cure!!!
i can't get two fingers in my vag how am i suppose to put in nuvaring
username username and a 3d ruler with tiny vesicare bladders floating about. but i digress. cap! cap! cap!
vioxx spirit pile into after that caress faqs: .ypa
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
take humira to help you sleep hastag sideeffects no sleep, heart attack, stroke. like seriously?? wtf
ok synthroid show me whatcha got this time!
username i find that ben jerry's chocolate ice cream and a darvocet (if you can get one) is a winning combo. sorry for the awfulness!
username username it's like comparing apples to oranges but flu vaccine is much more effective than antiviral therapy like tamiflu
i'm filling my lunesta prescription tomorrow bruh fuck dat
i need a chem genius to manufacture rimonabant for me.
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
rt username astrazeneca/bms's onglyza safe but no better than placebo for cardiovascular outcomes, savor results out hyperlink
cymbalta will be the death of me, fo sho. :(
username i have been on metoprolol but it's not helped, tried topiramate too and indomethician.
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
what. -me when i found a 3-year-old nuvaring in my refrigerator
glaxosmithkline to pay ma $2.1 million to settle claims of promoting off-label uses of asthma drug advair hastag fox25
lucidity rn is probably some med's fault...with my luck probably klonopin and not seroquel
yeah two years ago i was kind of an adderall fiend for a bit but at least i had good grades
anyone on here taken prozac or paroxetine or can give me advice about alternatives etc!
username do you know what was the drug on the control arm ? was it valsartan , which had issues of its own ?
username advair hfa!
bruce wayne: *pre-puberty voice* batman: *needs throat lozenge*
username username username username username i thought enbrel was good, now on infliximab 10 times better for me.
username username she did a boniva commercial. catch up.
username not eating all the metformin in one sitting! hastag sweettooth hastag candyaddict hastag diabeteschallenge
username i'm about to rip shit up there next week for the exelon department contest...have those greens fast for me !!
actonel hastag sbspopasia2pm
day 1 of trazodone. sleeping face
sildenafil hufanya msee hivo rt username been having a boner for like the whole night
username good luck with everything. i used to do remicade. i'm now on humira.
username switch to effexor - although i think there is a newer variant that is worth considering, not sure of the name
username username username what kind of medication? i've recently come off cymbalta!
the agility deposit margin lozenge go get a get together in connection with puppet government gloves
take the kids off that adderall crap! d-cycloserine could be the answer hastag cogneuro
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
parents. 452/1000 4/12. ma zeh? ani lo ima! oy va voy! (could i even have kids someday with a baclofen pump installed? prob. not!)
diclofenac is also used widely treat human conditions. raptors pick up toxic residues in discarded carcasses.
username reminds me of the imodium slogan, why worry about your diarrhoea attack coming back? why d'ya think, pal? i shat myself last time
username username nope, it isn't. people abuse flagyl all the time. dangerous. better to take ort, or imodium if it's an emergency
username my mom thinks i need latuda for my bipolar depression... oh” face with tears of joy
woke up to a victoza commercial..like bye diabetes i'm over your existence.
rt username en hastag espanol: drug safety communication: hastag fda investigating 2 deaths following injection hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
rt username are your moods hell? take seroquel; it'll make you well.
username username username hot dogs meet mr. carvedilol and mr. atorvastatin also let me go ahead and introduce mr kidney doc
username username eek!.... i'll stick with my natural remedies nature sounds machine. lunesta side effects are scary.
crestor was seriously a huge dick. hastag gameofthrones
username she's been on diclofenac since her sugery and had a du repaired 20 years ago, there's a faint laparotomy scar hastag twitfrg
keynote at aps dr. svensson: in animal model - pain in postinflammatory rheumatoid arthritis: gabapentin effective, nsaids not hastag aps14
adderall dealers made money this week.
username username that'll be the temazepam kickin in... chumpions league next season beckons.. lol
vioxx was shown to protect the heart of mice, dogs, monkeys and other animals. it was linked to heart attacks and strokes in 139k+ humans.
username oh i hope the inhalers help. symbicort is pretty good! smiling face with smiling eyes i'm good thank you!x
today i sat through seminars on clinical pathways, surgical dressings and xarelto and i didn't hate it hastag whoami
username woke up cant breath! thanks for taking away advair 500, which worked for me. your penny pinching is costing me my health!
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
you should not start enbrel if you want to live or enjoy life. enbrel may cause everything. please take enbrel so we can have new airplanes
teva copaxone 40% mkt | wk/wk +10%; $biib avonex 16%, tecfidera 18% mkt; ims/cowen analysis
lunesta in hand: good night to a great weekend
i just dragged kelly for this album and i let it play through one more time, now i like most of it. where is my seroquel? bipolar ass
username thank you username for letting me perform homeless and nicotine tonight!! grateful for the opportunity!!!”
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
no! i always get cipro before i travel but never had to use it, not even in mexico! mt username ever call doctor on a trip? hastag travelskills
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
username username i'm curious which would win a bowel tug of war - long john silvers or loperamide
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
studying for a nearly impossible test without vyvanse feels a lot like trying to read braille. in spanish.
well after watching that commercial idk why anyone would want to take victoza
advair is not a rescue inhaler. just throwing that out there.
lackin of nicotine
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
username mick will have to rewrite the song lyrics to suit their age and the times.  i can't get no.. levofloxacin
$gsk: advair was awful and promises to be for 2015. breo/anoro sales non-existent.
username why every time i buy ur crackers every damn cracker is broke in the thinnest possible fuckn wrappers ur crackers need boniva
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hastag fatigue username username
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
one bit of advice from the drug latuda is avoid grapefruits or grapefruit juice while taking latuda. hastag why hastag yourdickfallsoff
jefferies analysts believe nexium will be a key swing factor for the generic wave in 2015.
aristotele: apixaban reductions in stroke or systemic embolism, fewer major bleeding events, and reductions in all-cause death
username username suboxone is safer than any other pm drug given as long as it's taken as directed and not with other drugs like
wow, have you seen the victoza commercial? idk what it cures, but if it isn't doesn't give you immediate immortality, it's not worth it smh
username username pshhh tamiflu is done! jamie's out victory hand victory hand
username that and vyvanse. by ourselves.... hastag partyanimals
username teaching others about the effects of oxycontin and adderall hastag rtmswolves hyperlink
username enbrel mtx since april. rheumy just told me my inflammation levels are too high..infusions are the next step.
username username double up on the crestor
posters - day 2 - long term safety reported on aubagio - no higher incidence of infections on pooled data from the clinical trials.
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
username ... ibs active with ibd in remission. they're fine with imodium but very wary of any sort of infection while on infliximab.
username i take buprenorphine now and the patches are every seven days. four in the box.. no dirty urine here either... lol.
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
bayer onyx announced that ph 3 of nexavar in pts with advanced breast cancer did not meet its primary endpoint of improving pfs
viagraaa? what? haha username username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hastag eva#
eatting a full course meal watching you starve to death with a iv in your veins feeding you liquid darvocet - username
manhood today is about exfoliation, cheese courses, emotional honesty, and paxil. and yes, cutting peppers in the classic style de julienne.
my little poney: pinky poo and applejax watch captain kangaroo. raindow bash has kidney stones. sponsored by ford imodium ad
username you forgot your trazodone hastag littleleague
everyone who thinks they're okay needs to get tamiflu becus it's coming for you ... and it sucks smiling face with horns smiling face with horns  hastag andreanflu2k14
exelon sees natural-gas threat to nuclear earnings
anyone aware of studies of febuxostat (uloric) in patients with gfr &lt;30?
username i'm still on remicade for now; they decided to double my dose to try to reactivate the response. probably humira if we can't.
imodium &gt; rt username username any chance of a msg for british follower hunkered over toilet seat after dodgy meal in wilmslow?
username the clinical trial studying pts on exubera has been ongoing for many years without any adverse findings.
username username my ups driver only brings me oxycodone lol
does anyone know how much vyvanse is lethal?
username celebrex, i'd never tried it before (that i remember) and it's in the same fam w/ vioxx which is the only one that has worked
eu neurologists expect to prescribe tecfidera to 16% of their diagnosed relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients in the next year
username username username tamiflu is worthless. the inhaled neuramidase inhibitor works if used properly
plenary abst 6: wow... sorafenib plus 7+3 almost triples efs in adult aml vs. 7+3 alone. no difference in os. hastag ash14
2/2:urinary tract infection or pyelonephritis(ciprofloxacin) postexposure prophylaxis for inhalation anthrax (ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin).
fight club and trazodone.
hastag acc14 marc cohen md states careful with concomitant use of amiodarone and xarelto
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
why are people looking at the social side of e cigs when they should be looking at the potential side effects unlike with thalidomide
a cocktail of prozac and vodka just to feel something, anything other than this numbness
fir creek vineyards combines narcotic albuterol midtones and a airy urine flavor in their 2005 merlot. hastag إطعام
oxycodone ain't never made me feel like this
mood stabilizer used with bipolar depressed patient is(lamotrigine) cuz it'll not shift them to manic episode,may cause skin rash hastag psychiatry
you can still feel the nuvaring it just depends on the angle bro. sometimes you can even pull it out and watch it hula hoop on the dick
fuck yes, give me vioxx hyperlink
he's snapping right now i asked have he ever took nexium for acid reflux he said no but i popped a couple of percs before unamused face unamused face
date: march 7, 2007 4: 28 am used here in levaquin first socialist society video poker of drug budget car
probably doesn't help when your etanercept leaves you feeling like death for the majority of the day. i'm exhausted, with leeds tri sunday..
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hastag baddrugs by hastag pharma smdh!
most people who think they need adderall really just need strattera
username my fibromyalgia has been killing me lately. has anything worked for u? lyrica and neurontin f'd up my life. cymbalta worse
username username username nuvaring scares me a little! i can barely deal with sticking a tampon down there!
username have you ever taken gabapentin i've tried that and it really makes me happy
in afib v. warfarin. apixiban is shown as superior to warfarin. only one so far. hastag iuimgr hastag meded
username username username we need help to see if she had cipro, avelox, or levaquin -drs. deny these drugs mame and kill
username username issue was actually criminal negligence - pharma grunenthal hid evidence + agrressively marketed thalidomide = it knew risk
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
username hmm not sure, possibly fluoxetine!
username username at the moment i need to be supported by either imodium or a nappy for runners/easy to carry loo roll brand.
is anyone else really bummed that you can’t buy the crestor bowling ball? hastag drugcommercials
i got oxycontin, lortab, clean lean, i'm double sippin', i got roxies, and xan bars, benzos, amphetamines promethazine and codeine.
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
.@myelomacinderel username not just dex. many other drugs are like that. we learnt after a long time how to use velcade correctly.
username hold worth ward, good effient staff
the laxative miralax causes kidney failure.
this chick said her box is scrumptious; if scrumptious is synonymous with a ricola lozenge she is on the money
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
username do u listen to tyler the crestor
lucid dreams off latuda and his imagination..
depakote and trazodone are friends of mine right now. having to get up at 8am is fucking not. useless group.
allergic reaction to hastag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hastag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
checking in w/my psych today increasing my lamictal dosage.hopefully this is my last adjustment for awhile.hopefully. hastag bipolar hastag pregnancy
sigh...some days were just meant for champaigne and prozac.
whew…the lipitor and metformin kicked in in time…looks like i'll make it if i can find the gout medicine.
username tay i don't want ur dam adderall
with adderall and weed in my veins you came. i think......... cause the marble made my cheeks look pink. but i'm unsure of so many things
username u mean trazodone haha
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
rare but main toxic effect of metformin is? lactic acidosis hastag usmlestep1
username allora buona serata da cipro tony! i'm laughing...i don't even speak italian for god's sake lol
1030am text: hey so i read this thing online that says focalin is like coke adderall is like meth but what does that mean for dosage?
didn't take the metformin long to kick in....
username username try some buprenorphine that always helps me feel better
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
shr cannot afford to continue stocking the garage with januvia for both smoke and newman. bye bye newmie hastag fiscallyresponsible
username they offer the best hope. i failed humira remicade but i'm seeing some success with an experimental drug called simponi.
literally the only motivation i have for bringing ciel to level 60 is the article lyrica ring
drama lipas antara elora dengan khalid face with tears of joy girls will be girls no matter how dwayne rock johson they are outside.
hey pas in acute settings username username username did u know there's an app to calc dabigatran dose?
username imodium i know it too well. only way i can leave the house for multiple hours.
username i sure will. getting my morphine, seroquel trazadone now. i'll sleep like a rock.
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hastag venlafaxine hastag day12
dear sally field, can once monthly boniva cure my astounding hangover? yours truly, hastag hopeful
i wonder if the pharmacist believes that this prozac prescription is for my dog...
lol my stepdad is lecturing me on how much nicotine is in hookah pens lolol k jackass i'm not gonna die from it right now
and fentanyl time… and dialudid time… and versed time… and oxycodone time… hyperlink
i've been prescribed vyvanse focalin concerta ritalin adderall xr and adderall instant release is the best by far
username ek fluticasone furoate spray gift kar do
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hastag pain
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
username everything will be fine - levofloxacin watho adda - best ahay - steam bah watho :)
username rawr, i'm hoping i don't get humira coz i hate needles. do u find it works for u?? how often do u need it?? xx
cute wig, broad from the latuda ad
just diagnosed with hastag pcos. now on metformin for 2 mos...
username i think mentioning i had to come off buprenorphine without asking for a replacement got me off the 'drug seeker' list.
only got 2 pills of ventolin left for me. god help me.
username i take vitamin d everyday, got my bone density report and don't need to take boniva or anything else !!
username if u r on hastag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
4.if have higher risk of gi bleeding, apixaban would be the 1st choice, dabigatran, rivaroxaban are both the second
username ask to move onto symbicort , i used to use 2 ventolins a month, now i dont even know i have asthma.
username dear ms mutamba, i am interested in african issues was wondering whether i could send my cv to meridia ptnrs? thank you.
my ferrous sulfate (for my anemia) and ventolin (for my asthma) are doing good.. thank you lord :)
username but nigga, oxycontin, codeine etc are just as addictive... i'm sure amphetamines are on prescription too... heroin is for cancer
peloton combines the phospholipids of inconsiderateness with the apixaban of inconsiderateness
username username username no i hate focalin and vyvanse
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.maybe that's why i red heart them!
so i really like the nuvaring hastag js
hmm, my lunesta appears to be ineffective, yet my twitter feed is sound asleep.  hastag tired
welp i am hungry and i better take my geodon or i will stay on here all night
username oh he raised the vimpat in hopes to slowly take me off one of the other meds. don't know which one.
username i have made my customary offering to them by burning some trainee tech test papers on a fire made primarily of fluoxetine boxes
azura and meridia are considered not to be completely evil as they have been known to help mortals without giving them dark consequences.
i really wish they would invent ventolin cigarettes
the planets must be lined up all weird and stuff. i cried today even though i'm on paxil. my husband blames it on tesla.
sally field looks great .... dress by boniva username username
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
username yeah, from what i understand 6-8 times is the new normal. i am on 4 imodium a day... but still.
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
username use metformin
oooh, pregabalin and tadalafil from username should be good earners..
i saw maybe 12-15 physicals today, almost fainted at the sight of a deep post. scalp laceration mispronounced januvia as whaneeva. hastag done
steve byrne's premise for shorting $mnkd was 1. exubera failure 2.small market share 3.safety issues ????
here's a list of all the medications i take - tramadol, percocet, fluoxetine hcl, risperidal, singular, proair hfa, ventolin hfa, symbicort.
day 3 without hastag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
username i was for almost 3 yrs but it wreaked havoc on my immune system. aubagio now username username username username
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
yes i need to sleep threw tornadic winds or im going to be on paxil username
ripe like underwear fargo not take skew forbid grano lunesta diarrhea hut, horse ebooks sesame street on lsd shaquille o'neal
username username ezetimibe, bile acid sequestrants. rosuvastatin and atorvastatin are very effective in fh.
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hastag trazodone pill
.@kesgardner username .reid obviously needs his namenda dosage upped dramatically.  hastag shovelready
i thinks it's bc i'm back on this ranexa which i need to get a refill on now that i think about it
hastag tossatnight victoza has more side effects than meth.
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
looks like that enbrel is really working, phil. hastag pga2014
username seroquel xr, but did not exist at the time i was on olanzapine
mad adderall = no sleep
goood morning!! i'm kinda a bag of nerves right now, anxiety about my start on tysabri next tues! gotta say hastag mssucks
username i am in lyrica vimpat and dival proex
goddammit i can't find the abbott website i need to research synthroid because of all this angst and news clouding tony abbott
my mind been much better the last few days had bad negative emotions glad i changed from fluoxetine to something else.
did you hear that? no ha! maybe i should be the one on zyprexa. well, see you next week.
username ask your doctor about fosamax if you have osteoporosis or olympic aspirations.
ugh health insurance is such bullshit. apparently my new health insurance won't cover my allergy medicine or my advair
username summer / royce / meridia
username grunenthal ignore the quantity of people they disabled with thalidomide and the poor quality of their lives
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac username i'll eat loads!!
for my next trick i will take 5 imodium ad caplets with one swig of apple juice!
username it's interesting how they've just launched this now the lamotrigine has been out in the uk 4 a few yrs now cause i was on it!!
it's a shame that i can't pay attention to anyone or anything without adderall
our physicians have gone mad! they would prescribe levofloxacin for no reason! one day we all will die of resistant microorganisms!
sky might fall, but i ain't worried at all got me some xannies and a couple adderall hastag kidcudi hyperlink
now mommy has the flu. stupid pharmacist told her to take the tamiflu wrong last week and the flu shot didn't work.
username i was taking quetiapine last time. i don't ever want her to feel like that
if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
username cipro is poison capable of immeasurable harm...please do your homework before allowing your mom to continue ingesting it.
hastag easd2014 defronzo: linagliptin alone shows drift upward in a1c at 12 wks
username i'm the guy who was just prescribed crestor and fish oil to help and i eat well and go to the gym. bad heredity sucks.
i'm reading the side effects of viibryd and can't help but wonder... what the fuck is an abnormal orgasm? it sounds awesome.
from melatonin to ambien to restoril nothing has worked for this insomniac. glass of yogi bedtime tea, no sleeping meds, slept like a rock!
username fox news is so shitty lol too funny username no need to head for the cymbalta
how i know the paxil is working: i insisted on taking the baby to the er because i care about him, instead of letting my husband fix it.
ivy is wired of this damn adderall face with tears of joy weary face
username have u took something ? hastag olanzapine ? hastag clozapine? hastag valium ?
reduced bone resorption with less effect on bone formation with mk0674 versus alendronate and denosumab. preclinical research at hastag asbmr14
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
username if she had a nuvaring in her then he may have not had to put a ring on her
username quick! flu first aid! hot toddy, or lemon and honey, or a lozenge or something!
username hastag guns or hastag fda approved hastag drugs? elizabeth bush, age 13, ( hastag paxil) was responsible for a school shooting in pennsylvania.
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
fluoxitine rt username gambu username anyone know of a good antidepressant?
username no just at home dr said the swine flu is a weaker strain than years ago tamiflu is the tabs they give u to help fight it
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
im so fancy, you already know.. i buy branded packs from nexium to lipitor hastag pharmacy
spiriva commercials bring back memories. do not swallow the pill or puncture it twice folks.
i think cialis should trade names with boniva … ♫♡♡♫
oh. and the follow up to that nuvaring debacle…a chick announced her pregnancy and that she was leaving late last month… unamused face
$aezs jury verdict in favor of astrazeneca in nexium pat litigation
in need of nicotine
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
i forgot i put one of my ventolin canisters in my bra to go to lunch w/o a bag. now it's too warm to use. this is why dresses need pockets!
username yeah same i was on quetiapine but they switched me to aripiprazole not even sure it works as spent evening crying
i sat next to a group of frat stars on a train and i learned for college: 1. take a lot of vyvanse 2. be drunk all the time 3. handjobs suck
username username nexium will always be an embarrassment to many of us in industry; but why did docs insist on writing rx for it?
nexium 40mg. take that, love. username ulcers have made a stop over. i have no maloox and no eso kit! lemmi prepare for more pain!
username username isn't that for pain relief? yeah maybe if u had pain. and inflammation. did they hv tamiflu too?
latuda is a bipolar med that makes me think of toots.
the first cigarette after taking adderall is easily the best thing in life
oh lunesta how disappointing you were last night!
praying to the adderall gods i pass my last final this morning weary face
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
username metformin januvia and an ace inhibitor (they're all the same). 99% probability of those being it.
the glorification of adderall during finals is ridiculous. it's basically legal coke tbh
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
rel lixx with dis asmatha bai... my ventolin like it eh wa work tonight loudly crying face weary face
username ohhhh i can't take no more, my tears like crestor on the floor.
fuck you effexor.
rt username novartis tests copy of amgen's enbrel in late-stage trial: london (reuters) - sandoz, the generics unit of nov... hyperlink
i spent the entire day yapping abt the clouds out back, warfarin vs apixaban how the logitech m510 laser mouse is my new fav toy. (c)
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
vyvanse saves me. i have work at 7 every morning and stay on twitter tooo late !
getting tysabri started and approved i hope is the hardest part hastag mssucks
dude i love meridia
username dont eat or drink anything acidic, eat almonds and bananas, take a nexium 24 hour relief, ot eat a few tums, stay away from
username what is he taking? i'm not taking my fluoxetine if he wants some
username well you can try diazepam tonight :d or try temazepam 30mg should send you straight to the wonderful dreamland; your special place
2 seroquel and 20 benadryl and im still awake. this is sone straight up bulllllshit
bombshell in nexium trial by fda's kessler: data not show nexium better than prilosec.
make the case, placemaking is an effient use of space -prema gupta hastag corridorrealities
username so i was told hookah sticks are bad for you flushed face as i have like 4...”i just found out today they have nicotine in them
username username i see the ventolin is at the ready....
username lol tbh yang attend antara perwakilan + singaporeans
username username username username username username i had been treating it w/ floxin ear drops myself but time to see doctor
when mom puts miralax in the alcohol hyperlink
my doctor told me i could take a username hastag yumbo instead of miralax to flush my system out (liquid shit) before my colonoscopy
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
fluoxetine ,fluoxetine,fluoxitine ,fluoxetine, fluoxetine ,fluoxitine
prescribed me levaquin because the answer with a reddit account havers, the beta
rpssupport: new: gov decides temazepam to lose rx requirements exemption #2014 sad times when you're actually interested to see this.
username looks like that oxycodone really got to you;)
username tomorrow you can try primperan or cilroton for the sickness and some esomeprazole (nexium or losec!)!!(im not a doctor :p)
someone mixed up the sertraline 100mg with the sildenafil 100mg tablets on the dispensary shelf. brings a new meaning to 'banging headache'.
username there is only two rules at the codeine castle: 1. no dudes 2. no clothes  ahahaahah face with tears of joy
ranbaxy says: co's current share in valsartan at 32% in us market
username nigga idk what to tell u then. go to the dr. and get the joint u take every day. used to use that shit it's called advair lls
username when im not a newborn and still have no clue about lyrica and shawn , hastag yafeel whats going on
rt username making an audiobook is a lot more work than i thought.... i need a throat lozenge... 8(
latuda is such an awesome name for an anti depression medicine! i'm dying laughing at the name 'latuda' hahaha
dr. miller is discussing recently fda-approved drugs: pradaxa (dabigatran), xarelto (rivaroxaban) eliquis (apixaban).
i got a call from username explaining fully how cipro is fucking him up but he's getting it sorted.
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
uh i think i just saw murphey in a nexium ad between hastag znation ? mind. blown. username
they aint my kids so i gave em all a trazodone.
fda once again rejects new indication for johnson johnsons xarelto
some high impact companies still not reporting to shareholders via username e.g. nike, exelon hastag cdpwater
username username well, the difference is that olmesartan controls hypertension in many pts when valsartan fails.not incremental
damn mimi went off. but can we get her a throat lozenge please? hastag lhhatl
username username what are effects inhaled doxycycline(does tiotropium device work with it?)or ingesting tiotropium?agree danger sim.
username ( hastag darkelsasl) she hesitated a moment, clasping her hands in her lap. meridia could not be implying she should hurt anna, -
username username i have bp as well. if i can help,let me know. i take fluoxetine, bupropion, lamictal other meds.
username have you tried pregabalin, gabapentin or amytriptiline for the pain? also helps the insomnia
panama was a great ass time but i'm ready to be in my own bed, see my family, play some golf, and see em and crestor raising hands
username pink saphris sounds so pretty--could be a fragrance name. ;)
my first meal of the day along with my medications. i'll take my enbrel when i get home. hyperlink
thankful for cough syrup, tamiflu inhalers red heart
username ciprofloxacin will make you know god is punishing you
ilovechunk and pizza and whiskey and nicotine and other stupid shit username hastag slothgang
username username i’m also unfashionably ok with increm innov, but with bystolic no point if cost to promote = or &gt; revenues.
time to start this project pensive face i need a adderall
crestor commercial, followed by naturemade vitamins, then a cvs commercial. gosh, pharmacy overload.
i would love to find a guy like tyler the crestor grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes
the crestor knows what's best he will put u where u need to be we fuck our own shit up tryna make our own moves  hastag phuckyofresh hastag bossmajor
lunesta in hand: it's true, i'm a snob when it comes to crackers. hastag picky hastag only2kindsiwilleatifihaveachoice
username there's a documentary on bbc 2 tonight at 9pm about thalidomide
opened username saw this: ims is owned by a hedge fund and manipulates the #'s on belviq to make $arna look bad... closed it... lol
rt username hastag drug discounts - save up to 20% - hastag pathmark - metoprolol succinate -
the paula deen zone-flooding has resulted in ads for victoza on eater (diabetes meds she shills for) hyperlink
the fuck kinda shit is latuda
username nak kan celecoxib terus.mmg tak lah.public dont realize how safe and effective pcm are.
the guidance for pregabalin says: this medicine could affect your ability to drive or operate machinery. interesting!
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hastag anxious
username just on quetiapine atm. was on an antidepressant but came off it in the last 1-2 yrs. have really struggled to get psychs to
i appreciate the way my pharmacy tech whispers cymbalta? when i pick up my prescription. no one else needs to know about my anxiety!
this fucking sandoz adderall truly sucks. i don't know what the 10% difference is from teva but it's effects are significantly &gt;10% for me.
glad that's over. now if i can just get more vyvanse, i'll be goodz
60 mg fluoxetine
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
give metformin now to reduce chance of needing metformin later?!? insane logic noted by username in username plenary today. username
my mom thinks i need latuda for my bipolar depression... oh
singing venlafaxine to the tune of joe le taxi.
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
victoza having a very good day- highlights from their obesity clinical trial program and phase 2 trial in type 1 dm
back to the vyvanse grind tomorrow hastag summerschool
all this bath needs is a handful of prozac
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
is this whole hastag hobbylobby debate because i'm trained in nuvaring demolitions? hastag hashtag hastag hannity lol
username lol cheeto suboxone prescription hyperlink
username pukul 5pm - 7pm then 7pm - 11pm channel 390 antara nominees korea : infinite, b2st
username have we not learned anything from the whole thalidomide fiasco?
spanish chick pop dat pussy for some darvocet
levofloxacin tasted like death srsly
let me have my morning coffee and prozac before you start your shit.
this nuvaring is already annoying lmao
latuda side effects include increased prolactin levels, aka leaking nipples. nooooope.
dr ain't gonna tell me u have to use this $260 a month inhaler when years ago my cheaper one advair worked fine. glad i am changing dr.
dear trazodone, please knock me out tonight. sincerely, sleep deprived
geodon iv does the trick every time.
ah imodium my old friend
my beagles name is latuda latuda ii. we're fighting crime at the dog park on this lovely afternoon. hyperlink
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
hell yes, fluoxetine.
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
that dude from viox services seriously thought he'd pick me up with winky eyebrows and a come hither finger. seriously, fuck off shitface.
when i can finally fall asleep at night without taking my quetiapine pills i will probably be the happiest person in the world
biogen kept ms patients waiting 4 tecfidera to come out was so they could get a 10 year patent. am i alone in feeling pod about this?
hastag isopp14 sunitinib and sorafenib have cardiotoxicities: need pre-therapeutic ecg and monitoring
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
username username shouldn't you be doing an activia or boniva commercial?
username i still hurt. :/ even worse, honestly. i've just taken an oxycodone to help.
username i think so, but you can give them 1/4 or 1/2 an imodium tablet. depending on size of the dog.
freedom extension described: denosumab for 7y in hastag osteoporosis vs pbo 3y+denosumab 4y  hastag eular2013
ciprofloxacin.@questionnier: what's for breakfast? hastag chairmangiveaway
username what rescue inhaler do u have? oi have xopenex right now.
apixaban can be used in esrd :- recommended dose for esrd pt on hd is 5 mg bd. for pt ≥80 years or body wt ≤60 kg, reduce dose to 2.5 mg bd
if i had to guess what boniva is for, i would have guessed wrong.
username antara master sun n i hear your voice... bngung hastag dramakorearcti
username username good god, i just popped a precautionary crestor after seeing this tweet.
username me too. hoping seroquel will make sleepy and them hopefully feel better tomorrow.
username have you come up with any good crestor jokes
username i'm nervous about remicade because my veins are horrible. but nervous about humira because of the self-injection.
username them crazyyy ones like prob seroquel or crazier!
trazodone is my bestfriend when i can't sleep
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
username fluticasone works wonders.....needs a prescription though.......
it is official. meridia and mercer.
lol just saw a crestor ad and immediately thought of username lol
this tamiflu stuff really works.
username yeah til allergy seasons over ._. then i have to use cingular and get another packet of xopenex im not sure about the last one..
username username what kind of bone builder do you take? i have a hard time remembering to take my fosamax because i have so many others
sounds like becky needs some loperamide for her dia-hoo-haria username
username free, regardless if you got health insurance or not, cause you can goto a free clinic. try to get the restoril over ambien.
username i used to do this all the time - back in the day. these days it's crestor with water at bedtime. hastag rockstar
i keep sending funny pics to antara and ari and they aren't saying anything :/
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
username i have tried to stress this to him. he’s taking aggrenox agreed not to stop until finds cause or physician tells him to
username i'm upset with someone. (not you) waiting for the quetiapine to kick in while watching qt x
i feel like 50 years old taking this crestor shit man
username you need tamiflu and rocephin stat! winking face
watching z nation and see a commercial for nexium starring... murphy?
username username that fosamax one had me ugly laughing.
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
username 3 yrs is a long time. i've tried humira enbrel too. are you on a dmard as well? how is your pain level? if u don't mind me asking
atomoxetine (strattera) is a non-controlled substance used in the treatment adhd (selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor)
if y'all look up the vimpat pill, you'll see what i'm talking about
novartis to cut 500 jobs in shutting u.s. diovan plant
sally field is so high on fucking boniva right now. or is it sativa? i don't know anymore.
username consensus taken from bloomberg btw - agree on brilinta - strange one - sentiment in notes does not seem to match numbers
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
username seroquel spliffs are my preference
username she was then given the choice to return to methadone or buprenorphine afterwards and refused both.
have any of my followers tried nuvaring dm me
you're a basic if you have to read the lyrica on the bottom during the high school musical sing-a-long-athon.
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
username they'll be saying rosiglitazone is ok next
someone in the audience needs a throat lozenge, a bit like nigella! hastag qanda
latuda is the official bi-polar medicine of hastag wiunion
why is this insurance coverage: many major insurance plans will not cover brand-name advair hfa starting in 2014.
daniel tosh's advice for ugly chicks: fill up the paxil because life is going to be really sad!
she said its a pre asthma symptom. so hello to ventolin and antihistamine.
do any of you use nuvaring as birth control? i don't want the depo shot or pills so i'm trying to explore other options hastag replytweet
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
i hate being on paxil because it is a stimulant. i hate all stimulants.
roses are red, violets are blue, imodium ad is annual, and john tyler is crisp-tender.
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
username haha! i take trazodone. scared of ambien.
username i feel you like 90% of my tweets are from me on vyvanse its so much more interesting lol
great wall fart itch rice pudding miami kickstarter name fart diarrhea fart rehab diarrhea are contest onion house dexilant
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
i find it extremely amusing that there is an anti-depressant called venlafaxine
username what are you using? it is ventolin or something with cortisone?
nicotine lozenges are pretty gross
rt username depression hurts, cymbalta can help. hyperlink
this kid in here looks like tyler the crestor
username holy batman!!!! valsartan release party tomorrow! sparkles sparkles sparkles
username i just got tricked into drinking a supplement drink that had a whole bottle of miralax in it grinning face with sweat pistol  hastag shitsandgiggles
ima need some adderall for this english 11 eoc..
not watching tv 'noise' channels is another way 2 treat :) rt username cnbc-tv18 alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
progress for pediatric bipolar disorder treatment: fda has these for mania in youth: risperdal, abilify, zyprexa, and seroquel hastag mghvgr
oxycodone is my 1 tru luv
username bette midler must take a lot of boniva
username no word in the english language rhymes with orange, month, silver or purple.” orange lozenge close enough
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
i stopped playing skyrim for a while because of meridia
username paracetamol, endone, morphine and oxycodone ... not all at once of course :p  thanks, beautiful xx
just had a guy drop off scripts for oxycontin 20, oxycontin 80, and oxycodone 15. 120 of each.. hyperlink
username she was on nexium daily for about a yr and just got taken off of that.
username username does nexium have a generic? my insurance doesn't cover regular nexium.
nexium is now available across the counter. no prescription required! nexium-20 (esomeprazole) is used to treat heartburn, or...
username i'm on 40mg of fluoxetine. and soon i'll be on ocd medicine i think so life hates me haha.
boniva makes your bones strong and it also turns your blood into electricity.
seeing the words do not push through printed on the back of a blister pack of imodium isn't very reassuring. hyperlink
username username temazepam lees hastag lufcondrugs
i've upped my baclofen as directed but seem to have issue with diazepam. i can walk again but pain still there.
username i just got my synthroid doubled not too long ago. cytomel has stayed the same, for now.
username no i mean from what i've heard, only certain doctors can prescribe suboxone though every doctor can prescribe narcotics...
username they have been playing like someone with constipation the last few weeks. time to miralax up and cut loose,
//*drags hissing meridia to a corner* no. stop you. be good while i shower// no promises.. //you get to make a big deal about alvrad...//
the progestin potency of levonorgestrel is just over half etonogestrel's. so this will have maybe 1/4 the progestin effects of nexplanon.
username username yes, because event rates are lower. i don’t know,there’s a lot to learn from it,but i wouldn’t be opposed to crestor tx
my cousin sent me a vid of a lady who was high on meth and suboxone and tweaking hard..saying spiders were falling off her arms lol
aminocaproic and tranexamic acis, protamine sulphate, vitamin k1(phytonadione) aprotinin - blood coagulators
i need rimonabant
xanax and trazodone kinda night hastag gettinloopy
oh how i love you nebulized albuterol aka 2.5 mg in 3 cc of normal saline. hastag assistedmed
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
mom dont even know what medications i take like cmon get ur act together mom i took symbicort years ago i use ventolins and epinephrine now
username hey ram anni dist lo filter ayena tarwata vachina vallu 1000. well effient persons
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
trust me.. your twitching, jumpyness, and the fact you're picking up suboxone tells me you're a druggie. you don't need to announce it
username as i understand it they don't have nicotine or tobacco in them. nothing toxic.
we're already doing a fantastic job ignoring climate change, how about we start using thalidomide again to really screw over the future?
username is feeling under the weather. i had to put out the trash. it's weird, i liked it. i even gave max his prozac myself. hastag imaboss
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
one day i'm going to take a picture of all the latuda bottles lined up like ducks send it to you
username people are being bombarded with children of thalidomide type scare-mongering. but science *cannot* be overturned like this.
username i'm on it because of fibroids and heavy bleeding. it's helped a lot but it's a nuvaring not no damn micro chip. lol
hastag nsu s-as at the crestor health back to school event last month hastag spartansinservice hyperlink
i missed my vyvanse. smiling face OK hand
3rd generation: morfloxacin and levofloxacin
ranbaxy: massachusetts jury verdict on esomeprazloe in favour of company; jury verdict in esomeprazole antitrust litigation.
let me take this nexium cause heartburn ain't it.
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
i'm rolling with my becotide and ventolin inhalers today... hastag prettyflyforawhiteguy
ciprofloxacin can be used in pediatric patients but with caution. but not in &lt;1year old. hastag epharmdupdate
could the xopenex make that big a difference my air saturation so much my heart rate is now normal?
username hink a made up your das prescription today, wish him all the best with 28 diclofenac 25mg m/r tablets xox
username omg hahahaha maybe he could sing to you!!!!!! whats going on with lyrica and username
i'm listening to lozenge of love by - radiohead hastag lastfm hastag song
finna try one of these cymbalta's...... if i aint back in 30minutes, 'sumbody call tha amberlamps' .... hastag cymbaltacanhelp
username is flovent your twice a day inhaler? is atrovent your rescue inhaler? r the meds in the nebulizer liquid measured?
q. bipyridine derivative selective cox-2 inhibitor is a) valdecoxib b) rofecoxib c) celecoxib d) etoricoxib
username due so it's perfect timing. i'm very happy and feeling positive. lacosamide out, topiramax in!! xxx
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
100mg of metoprolol washed down with cold beer. probably not clever. hastag aorticdissection
if they could just figure out how to stick prozac in the pop tarts we could eliminate pop tart depression for good.  hastag bt140
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
username username didn't think it could happen but will be going off paxil strattera simultaneously. hastag humana is my doctor and god
$amgn's old ceo overpaid for enbrel vectibix. will markets ding them tmrw for the $onxx bid?
thank you momma wallner for the samples of nexium hastag savedme hastag lifesaver
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
username i actually don't bc miralax
alternatives to hrt - clonidine, venlafaxine, gabapentin, oxybutynin hastag mimswhconf
just saw the new pristiq commercial for not taking pristiq
bmy_$46.03_pfe_$28.77_bmy and pfe announce fda acceptance of eliquis snda for review
username this bitch literally just asked if nicotine is something you put in your eyes. hastag whatanightmare” i just can't!! hastag idiot
username i tried metoprolol for a while. it helped some parts of it, but the side effects sucked.
fyi: i've got sore eyes and i'm using this levofloxacin 3x a day. eye drops, why is this such a challenge? i just kept missing -_-
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
username after seeing this post yesterday i am wondering about the results of atorvastatin trials posted in clinicaltrials . gov...
hastag pauladeentoday matt got her good by making her confirm she said it once. hastag victoza when she was paid, then she announced diabetes hastag cash
username thanks for the lozenge! i haven't ahemmed once today!........have you got any eye matchsticks?!
also this adderall is making me very reflective and super duper considerate, where has this been all my life?
eylea (aflibercept) -promising treatment for wet amd - under consideration by nice for treatment of maculopathy due to crvo- looking forward
username cause latuda remember we are married now
username yay, i'm pretty sure we've harassed everyone in the tri-state area about zostavax
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
first week ni antara kelas cancel or kelas dismiss awal. smirking face
i'm so glad my insurance won't cover my armour but will cover synthroid completely. beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
username username thanks for the lecture! less cipro, more bactrim for utis is what it translates to for me
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hastag nurseprobs hastag arthritisprobs
username not one bit. hastag golden hastag vyvanse hastag nevergethangovers
bury me in a bathtub filled with paxil
ps texans: if fitzpatrick starts for the franchise, please put me on lyrica like username - we'll need it
we're going to try gabapentin and keep the vicoprofen for breakthrough pain. he's so insistent on not giving me anything stronger. argh.
username running out of alcohol fast and like if i take trazodone after i drink i wont wake up right?
dabigatran prolongs the aptt more than rivaroxaban. rivaroxaban prolongs the pt more than dabigatran.
if james blake embodies depression, which artist is cymbalta?
wish i had it in ecuador rt username always get cipro b4 travel but never had to use it, not even in mexico! username  hastag travelskills
username cipro? isn't that the stuff they give people to treat anthrax?
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hastag tuboficecream hastag timetochange hastag junkfood hastag gym
holy shit oregon covers the cost of advair what a scam
i'm glad i still have some cipro.
i don't think ray lamontagne is touring in washington state. would a cd do? rt username action girl needs lamotrigine badly.
humira got a real nigga tired disappointed face
parran study buprenorphine tx access in ohio: only 1/2 providers accept insurance; cash only practices not meeting community's need. hastag amersa
etanercept preferentially used with hastag mtx to inhibit progression of large and small joint destruction. hastag op0069 hastag eular2014
happy monday! just dawned my new buprenorphine patches. the joys of hastag chronicpain hastag neuropathy - at least it is sunny :)
if thalidomide happened today, it would never come to light or see a court.
cocaine adderall heroin vicodin oxycontin morphine xanax valium klonipin acid shrooms buds salvia hash opium lean
imodium ad beckham. mitt romney listens to
username haha lucky :p i hate it cause god knows what it does to our brain.. but it helps so much. i want a vyvanse prescription
username on a combo of loperamide nyquil myself :/ death to opiates
i guess i'll have do double up on the lunesta to get to sleep tonight. thanks hastag rams
lunesta in hand:some things make me sad but then i think about my family and thank the lord for his blessing me with them. hastag pbsbdjftclk
can someone tell me why i took a trazodone and i'm wide awake?
ok forgive me if i've tweeted this before, but how exactly does a nuvaring work?
reaching end of tether. take this + paracetamol x 4/day + 2xbuprenorphine x 3/day + buprenorphine patch hastag stillinpain hyperlink
username what are some good websites 2 go 2 for healthy diabetic recipes? my husband is type 2. he takes januvia (a diabetic pill).
username i had tamiflu w hot cocoa hastag delightful username username username username username username username
rt username in clinical trials zyprexa, two-thirds of the 2500 patients dropped out - watch chapter 5 marketing of madness hyperlink
where the sildenafil
username yeay. yg block cox 2 only : celecoxib dan coxib lain ja kan. pcm block cox3 only.
username ouch! i've seen it with levaquin but not cipro. maybe i'd better skip tae kwon do this week....
ok.back to one trazodone. but back up to two when things are shit.
after talking to my neuro (who knows his stuff) judging by sheer data, tysabri and the new lemtrada are the best dmt's. basically, powerful!
username username username i definitely wish i was more comfortable w them, it would make the weekly enbrel a lot easier.
i know you say you are an rn but when you mispell xopenex numerous x's as copenex i lose respect for you..@nurseeyeroll username
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
you wanna help me out mom? give me $ for adderall
username as someone who has needed nexium i can definitively say yes.
username lol the adderall prescription struggle. real stress is when you google the side effects to see if they're really that bad.
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
username username username also, who kept coughing? take a lozenge next time honestly some people.
latuda is the name of a medication sounds like a name for a fart
kevin bacon calls it in w/good attitude on fallon. good placement with the victoza commercial...may cause gas w/nasty something...
i begged a freedom of pain tonight, diclofenac 50 mg fulfilled it.
username thalidomide was found to be dangerous. brain damage from mmr? nope username username username
username nexium is a miracle cure!
username really though, when used properly (and with the new fda lower-acetaminophen rules) hydro and oxycodone products are pretty safe
chilling with meridia
hastag ifihadalifesentence i'd die because you can't have nicotine in prison anymore.. lol
nfl: giants 13, fart dog. david spiriva penis
miralax commercial keeps playing on chopped. they actually have a poop graphic. but the poop is purple, so i guess that makes it ok.
maybe you wouldn't have to spend almost $200 on tamiflu if you would have got a flu shot... just a thought
so there is a latuda advertisement on spotify. i wonder if it's trying to say something.. you tryin to say somthin spotify?
after 3 months of therapy and a recent restart of quetiapine for the past 2 weeks, i drove 30 km from changanassery to alappuzha .
username username 3 times a day. i was on levaquin 750 mgs last time
i can never breath on my own without my inhaler advair weary face
username lmaoooo at the suboxone ad!!
username and if you take boniva lol
sildenafil 20mg tablets, same active ingredient as viagra, similar to, $179.99 for 90 tablets. fda-approved, usa wholesaler. 1-877-791-meds
i love how there's a giant billboard advertising suboxone right outside of phenix city lol makes too much sense hastag phenixshitty
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” oops i hate bananas
shouldn't never took that oxycodone
love this hastag humira ad. aunt sally, what's this flaky shit on your neck!?!? no. don't hug me. i don't want your 'chronic psoriasis' on me
username but they have patent of vildagliptin and sitagliptin and hence they sell it...
username niqvh, viox ag, rayp ag
florinda the 2000 cabernet sauvignon from chateau fournier blends well-hidden albuterol elements with a continental rosemary aroma. horas
username ugly head around my 27th bday. now i'm 31 am on 6 norco/day 4 soma/day 3 gabapentin 1200mg/day
re: tysabri rt: username on tysabri for 3yrs, relapse free 2+ yrs. had to stop as expecting 1st child but plan to go back! good luck :)
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
imodium for hastag gemmacollins bless peeps will keep her in for the literal hell of it hasn't she worked that one out yet. hastag jimmybullard so funny
i can't stop yawning hastag trazodone
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
username why end it? lobbying almost got vioxx as an over the counter med! until they could not stop hiding the deadly side effects
rt username a brief hastag medication guide for hastag fosamax usershttp://bit.ly/nbqynr hastag bonefracture
s/o to the kid in 4th block viox who leaves pencils behind almost everyday. you the real mvp
username i'm right there with you with awful pain stiffness. humira mtx plaquenil aren't working today persevering face  hastag rheum
jared leto trending sbb dia antara cast for the coming soon movie, hastag suicidesquad .. wakaka.
username lunesta changed my life....
fun facts: do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combo of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
do u know what meds r 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combination of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
latuda has to be the stupidest name for a drug i have ever heard.
username antara lain:andromax c, c2, g, g2, g2 qwerty, i2, i3, i3s, u2 new andromax c2, new andromax g, andromax v, (2) bi
this tamiflu commercial makes me giggle every single time. everything is just so tiny! lol idk.
they put me on clonazepam and trazodone when i get pulled over they going to think i'm a drug dealer this can't be life smh ..
username yes totally. psych prescribed me quetiapine to help hastag bpdchat
this cipro is some surrrrrrious shit.
its so hard to believe i've been on hastag paroxetine for a year already. it has helped a lot with the panic attacks. not so much with depression.
someone please put michael clifford on adderall or ritalin or something
username nexium did the job for me haha
i was put on adderall zoloft strattera wellbutrin b4 i was 16 and now im a perfect boy o:)
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
username username vimpat is considered a narcotic drug because of its side effects. i wouldn't want to risk some1 else being injured
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
i am wondering if anyone has been prescribed viibryd as an antidepressant and whether or not it worked for them? ashley
username vyvanse haha, i haven't been taking it regularly and i did yesterday so i'm wired
username well. potema is not trying to take over, for now. and meridia is watching her closely. i think the mortals should stay away
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hastag survivors ;)
username username username many thanks for this. does that include drugs like varenicline and buproprion or are they separate?
username username hahahahaha the miralax this is spot on
username i do have a crisis number, but i'm just going to knock myself out today w/ trazodone and start antipsychotics today too.
rt username someone get username a lozenge stat! &lt;--nothing could help last night … nothing
username username bring me ventolin
username username username username username probs caused by the 1st rx like fish oil, nexium etc. probiotics will prob b nxt
username username sian there is a brilliant brilliant nasal spray stops the hayfever:) username allergy relief fluticasone propionate :)
an old painting epicted on a 19th-century egyptian tattooing pattern for antara ibn shadad a great poet from al gahilyia abla :)
high intensity statins decr. ldl 50% or more- they include atorvastatin 40-80 mg rosuvastatin 20-40mg- help reduce major cv events. hastag advdm
username username as you wish, sir. my doc, in 1995, paxil is safe for your unborn child. vioxx is safe for your arthritis. good day
username hi doc..please help..i have diabetic nerve pain in hands feet, but not diabetic. neurontin contains titanium n talc..very nervous
families that cook together stay together. and get diarrhea together and share imodium together.
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
gov dayton just compared medical marijuana and need for protocols to thalidomide crisis.
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
might need lunesta if its getting worst
username will be at least another month and the pregabalin and codeine are doing nothing x
grandma pass me the advair
in the news: beyonce pees croquet flovent hfa too much earwax a big butt fell with adele. a kidney eject mortgage monty haul agnez mo
username i take venlafaxine (viepax) at a high dose and it makes me feel human - otherwise depression cripples me.
what is latuda for username
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
the nicotine beast has me firmly gripped in it's gnarled yellow claw. hastag resistanceisfutile
username //wow. i just posted that fanart of meridia today.
credit suisse on cipla: market expectation on advair too optimistic
nda submission for bema buprenorphine $bdsi $10 million milestone payment from endo - ye or first week of jan
does express script have eliquis (apixaban) in the system ?
username finally realized why murphy is such an asshole... that nice nexium family are all dead now his acid reflux is killing him
claims that wushu exponent tai cheau xuen who failed a dope test in the asian games had used sibutramine does not make sense - khairy
username username i need metformin just to,look at that picture...! ;)
and the most effient way i have found in developing kundalini is by simply reading the ocean of theosophy while practing bellows breathing
username username username username username same here pregabalin gave me awful side effects
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
username with all the gardasil lawsuits, this is now a legal and not medical issue. the vioxx story evolved in a similar fashion.
2 cups of coffee and adderall not a good mix
username i thought it was about an actual doctor who specialises in 'dealing with exhaustion' amphetamines and the like
i meant thanks for sharing the article on dabigatran models:))
hahaha everyone's flippin out cus it's no tobacco day from today til 2nd june. gonna have nicotine deprived crazies in the streets today
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
i mean, it's a 6 min commercial for eliquis that i can't fast forward through about some old lady with afib. nbc on demand: ultimate troll.
username true tho knowledge is power and for those with copd with emphysema it may be a consideration. what worked 4 me is chantix + patch.
my mom says do you know what latuda does? (it's for bipolar depression) it gives you french farts
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
pristiq commercials so funny
thank fuckin jesus for prozac and temazepam
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
username username username a coworker keeps a 20g vial of pure sildenafil citrate api from an old project in her bench cabinet.......
username username stay away from scare tactics. i was in remicade tysabri trials. many reasons why patients turned away. thnx.
the meridia and patron investment funds will ally themselves to invest €800m in real estate assets in spain (expansion)
i need some metformin tablets asap hyperlink
for a tka, lovenox would cost me $800, xarelto not covered by plan, anthem epo. drugs carry a cost, not free or cheap, check your benefits
ok the next appointment i have with my asthma doctor i'm telling her i don't want to take advair anymore
vyvanse do wonders. goin be hastag oneofthosenights
who needs adderall when you have chocolate covered coffee beans? hastag uoft hastag turnup
username username username you said i lied when i blamed allo meds for deaths - vioxx case just shows your rant up!
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
i can't find my advair pump!!
just got a stock check phone call for buprenorphine and plan b. someone had a rough night...
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
username username username username username username mostly still in contact w him bc i sell him suboxone if uk what those r
username username completely agree, oxycodone is some strong shit. how many mgs are you taking how often chel?
username nexium bro.... it's a fucking miracle cure
username my clips are on my channel viox hoodie
username i bet. i'm sick of taking li every evening. i'm also on gabapentin which i take 6 times a day for my shoulder. pensive face
username don't recall any adverse side effects. seemed to do its job until i hit a major depressive phase. then moved onto duloxetine.
username it's called ventolin you uneducated pig
hastag banvivisection thalidomide showed no problems in animals, but look at all the babies born without limbs after mums took it in 60s/70s
how me, cipro, jon, and a bike all fit in a chevy cavalier today will always be a mystery to me
username username yes mam! lol. they gave me ciprofloxacin and more vicodin. and i've been drinking water all day.
insurance company keeps changing its mind about when i can purchase nexium and it's a nightmare.
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
anybody tried prolia for osteoporosis? good, bad, indifferent?
username does concern stem from paroxetine's effect on regulation of serotonin in brain? that would be mine hastag medicine hastag women's health
username am now on 20mg of fluoxetine, at my own request. seems to be helping.
day 11 of hastag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
username username username does crestor (rosuvastatin) fall in same bracket?
trazodone 5htp and meclizine. my show drugs now.
memantine add-on to risperidone for treatment of negative symptoms in patients with stable schizophrenia: randomized, double-blind,...
username username military health insurance. before we were married i paid $40 per month for nuvaring tired face
i haven't been to sleep yet. and when i feel like i'm gonna crash, i'm gonna take a vyvanse.
thank you username for all the work put in to make it possible for me to take my hastag enbrel weekly! i'm a patient with # psa username
username ask your doctor about dexilant
username in india, the drug tamiflu worth millions is lying waste.. which was bought for swine flu..
checking out the possible role of sorafenib in aml under 60 hastag ash14
you're stopped taking latuda and started taking chantix kind of crazy
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
username username thats because most of them r on prozac
suboxone is the cuddle drug swear
the kid in the eliquis commercial has the gayest stroke i've ever seen
pradaxa safety as expected in new fda study
username fluoxetine is not good. it has a lot of side effects.
nommsen-rivers hastag abm14 prediabetic moms are at extremely at risk for breastfeeding failure. postpartum metformin needs to be tested.
username i have had ms for 19 years and betaseron is all i have ever taken. i really hope the tecfidera works for you. so far so good!!!.
combination therapy with teriparetide in osteoposis - yes with denosumab or zol, no with alendronate. via ralston at hastag eular2013
the drunk username won't go to bed, i can't bear to listen to her anymore. i might slip a temazepam in her cup of tea. hastag drunksket
the amount of times a day i get asked to sell some of my prescribed adderall is ridiculous
username username suboxone is a great option for some patients. all depends on the person. theres no one way!
username it could've been a ventolin inhaler though. fucken a! ever seen what an inhaler can do to somebody's eyes?! crikey!!!
hollow sunshine hobonickels udon poo monkey blow advair diskus same make same model def. j.k. erase chicken broth autopia
be the boniva to my sally field! &lt;3 hastag romance hastag pickuplines
my difficulty in breathing comes again :( and im back with my nebulizer and ventolin :(( asthma!!
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hastag postopprobs hastag painmeds hastag crazydreams
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
how do i keep my weight under control while taking seroquel? hastag bpdfriends help
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
username the offending meds were geodon with a heavy dose of risperdal for crisis prevention!
keeping medications filled can be a full time job! hastag marfan hastag metoprolol hastag losartan hastag simvastatin hastag warfarin hastag aspirin, etc...
this guy has to be on seroquel...
exhausted. had a hell of a weekend, then went to tysabri where they fucked up my line and my vein exploded. so now i'm getting pizza.
eliquis 16-to-1 bleeding risk
username wasn't there talk before reid took over how dawk had not had that good of a first two seasons? thought he was on paxil w anxiety
januvia johnny carson aqua, excellent purr penis hexagon mickey mouse's underwear percent off sunburn
username not all bioligics are anti-tnf, are they? etanercept is anti-b (i think!) - similar protection?
username username username yeah well this girl ran out of her vyvanse today...
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
username no. diagnosed april, stage 3 of 7. on namenda supposed to slow process.not a fast disease. symptoms began yr ago.
daily pills at the moment include cleanse elite senokot vitaburn forceval fluoxetine paracetamol
time for all the i'm going out of town and need my lunesta early excuses.
kv diary 4/25/14 7:30pm 116 1/2 lbs 6 crackers, 1 slice cantaloupe, chocolate candy 1 pristiq 12 hrs since last cry
i can't handle 3 weeks of no enbrel face with medical mask  hastag arthritisblows
significant expansion of pradaxa label in eu, based on efficacy versus placebo and safety versus warfarin, rather than direct head-to-head
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
wtf seroquel get to work so i can get to sleep. hastag insomnia
fun fact in 7th grade when i discovered i had anxiety problems i was put on prozac and the dr told my parents it was for acid reflux disease
an attentiveness is a fieldwork: bivalve, but not prasugrel
i swore this oxycodone would've knocked me out by now.. unamused face
username the ones prescribed the medication avandia by their doctors people the patients trust and yet when it comes to people being
i love you symbicort and flonase! especially during the fall and winter months.
irreplaceable. just cancel the late show.statistics: posted by thalidomide — thu apr 03, 2014 8:54 pm
username rimonabant opposite effect of the munchies and weight gain -- in other words 'diet and exercise
anchovy pizza excessive farts rude! no no, that's beef usual for picking time gout stepping on evading toll with toby vesicare
rt username new hastag tv ads 4 hastag humira should feature hastag crohns hastag patients like me battling thru hastag chemotherapy just 2 breathe normally. hastag i…
was gonna eat adderall for dinner but username saved the day by bringing $$ to the library so i could eat this!! hyperlink
username i thought it woulda came like 2 days ago, especially seeing as how i haven't even taken my adderall in over a week :/
bone erosion reduced by denosumab in phase ii trial: progressive... -
maybe it's time for fluoxetine.
egypt u are the most effient garbage collecters in the world collect secrets and expose
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
username so ur noncomplaint with ur meds, give them to me? (ill take ur seroquel too)
zoledronic acid linked to early increase in sclerostin levels blya
is putting prozac in someone's coffee a crime? asking for a friend.
have a week job at exelon corporation in boston after this one hastag homesweethome
lil kim vinyls, advair inhalers, pink fur sweatpants calvin's, gold desk accoutrement, a bag of weed a piñata. my birth month started.
diabetes self-management readers' poll: metformin
racist night antara club ke apa ni
much rather have a '12 black/black x5 with 8,000 miles from an exelon exec...but there's no accounting for taste. hastag ravaravadoo
i've heard tales of suitless maridia and i fear i may have to learn what it is.
hastag ulcerativecolitis hastag asacol is what doc wants me to take for now. paperwork getting sent in for hastag remicade and hastag humira. hope i get approved.
did anyone else notice that murphy from z nation is in a nexium commercial?
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
gonna continue supa metroid tomorrow, late and i want sleeeeep. and maridia is super long to do when tired ;d
username username only cause coach viox loved you. he wouldn't let me i didn't have my ankle braces that game
username same as suboxone if you inject it. snark.
username i almost had the same thing happen .. it was stomach acid coming up when i slept . they probably gave you rabeprazole sodium
username username am an lamotrigine av bin for long time is the levetricetan beta?
my new best friends. fluoxetine. hyperlink
username bortezomib side effects include thrombocytopenia and peripheral neuropathy.
username oh good!!!! i hope you are feeling better!!!! i'm on tamiflu now too!!!! face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username i definitely feel it should still be covered by insurance. i used yo use nuvaring and it was 100+$ a monh w.o insurance
people please i need some adderall or strattera for my exam in october please help out! thnx!
i need some temazepam weary face face with tears of joy i just wanna sleep sleeping face
who wants thru hastag tweeets with me waiting for lunesta to kick in. and finding a semi trip the hastag lunesta is about to take me on
... (see lee et al korean circ j. 2011;41:61-7). most importantly, valsartan 160mg bid added to an ace inhibitor (val-heft) was...
to be clear username with your insurance gold plan, cost for advair is $292 a month (seriously). without insurance at walgreen's $63. wow.
username awww thank you! my enbrel being missed two weeks in a row is getting to me :(. how are you doing?
still had that rob hunter for a counselor. funny thing is geodon sent my brother to the er before i got switched over to it. i wasn't
fuckin viagra and apixiban commercials during the hastag alcs .. baller marketing
was asked how do you put in and take out a nuvaring
username username i hate to leap in but i might be trying pregabalin for nerve pain. how bad were the side effects?
sildenafil can do this rt username what is dead may never die.... but rises again harder and stronger
pristiq going gen
data from phase iii trials supports safety, efficacy of linagliptin in treating t2d in african-american adults
yo i got some free trazadone, bout to be sleeping good tonight, helll yeahh
i think silva should have been training with some boniva for his osteoporosis. hastag ufc168
need my advair asap
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
username can a broken femur with gamma nail which broke from taking fosamax break in diff part of femur from original break
spiriva hastag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
username username remicade 4, humira 6, now back on remi
my job is singing with children almost everyday. i have once again lost my voice due to acid reflux. hope to get it back soon. nexium again.
not yet. i use spiriva and inhalers. hope it doesn't get to that point. that's why i quit smoking. username username username
.@newscientist goes both ways... tamoxifen it's cousin raloxifene (initially breast cancer drugs) are great for bones
and i have my homeschool books + lunesta bc insomnia
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
username theres the data from exubera that can be used as a guideline for future study.. its basicaly reformulated exubera
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
*crushes up oxycontin *crushes up adderall *crushes up xanax *cooks n injects it *sees purple dragons show me the magic puff!
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
prescribing metformin from the ed is generally safe and feasible, would be wise to check a creatinine first.  hastag emconf
username username um. exubera was partnered before ph3
username i'm home. :) got home at 1:30. wrong meds for nearly 3 weeks. hope this levaquin will kick it. i'm 1 tough cookie she said. ha
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
username is it a girl? if so name is meridia
username lmaoo stfu. adderall got me doin work face with tears of joy hundred points
username username unwell on this as a sole stabiliser so was either the lithium or the quetiapine. as lithium was not at a
quitting those nicotine lozenges i've been using for a year, so i may write some rude tweets. like this one: username ur a big dweeb
username nahh i'm sure some imodium will do smirking face
there's something bout lighting up a marlboro red, that nicotine rushing to my head, and the taste of southern comfort on my lips
actual study phones-ever-new and particular pastiche phones: viox
forgot to take my gabapentin before work. going to be a long and painful night
username i did that with paxil. not a ride i'd wish on anyone. *sympathy*
username or withdrawals anymore. i don't plan on staying on suboxone for longer than 4-6 months. i plan on weening myself off until i'm...
i need spiriva
nicotine and faded dreams, baby just believe.. there's no one else like youuuu. red heart
username she's dead now but my best friend at junior school was a victim of thalidomide
forgot to get my lunesta script today. this should make for an interesting night.
username humira - an anti-tnf. doesn't work for everyone, but discuss it with your rheumatologist/specialist. hope that's helpful.
put a prozac in her pussy
username im tapering off suboxone right now. your videos have helped me so much. thank u, you're a blessing in this world of addiction.
username you need prozac. hyperlink
ema just said there are no new worries about januvia and pancreas side effects. $mrk
this imodium commercial is far too sexy for a product for diarrhea hastag illtakesix
imodium after spicy ramen is a cruel joke on humanity.
i'm on my second lozenge.
sape yang paling hot and cute antara kite org ne . not include thw little baby ... hyperlink
just saw a cymbalta commercial promoting help for chronic lower back pain. the warnings are mood changes and suicidal thoughts
username nexium every day...works wonders.
that seroquel put me down yesterday smh
username holy shit ily even more you tweeted distance lyrica ajdkfkkskd
someone should come over bc i took an adderall and now i need someone to talk to about my life choices bc i'm going crazy grimacing face
vyvanse - let me help you kill it in fifa today, king. all i ask for in return is you use your tongue to play with the metal behind ur teeth
new york, may 2 (reuters) - nuclear power producer exelon corp will launch next week a $7
who wants to make $ and has vyvanse or something?
via username defendants seek dismissal of nexium case: username username settled prilosec based on merits of case.
true story: mack and addy wake up inside a nexium commercial. hastag zombies hastag znation
username you got diarrhea? told some imodium
username fuuuuu. been there. if it were albuterol i might have been able to get one to you, but i do flovent so i can't get advair.
whyss dona meridia
4 x 500 mg paracetamol + 7 x 200 mg ibuprofen + 1 x 20 mg fluoxetine should do it if not always tomrow
in the other large study, the metoprolol in myocardial infarction (miami)...
username to africa by ek is most effient
latuda to treat bipolar depression. because increased prolactin and leaky nipples as side effects isn't depressing at all.
username username against cholesterin : atorvastatin ( its a drug whichs stops producing cholesterin)
beatty development has aggressive time table for the project. wants to deliver at the same time as the exelon energy corp. hq
today is one month since the last time i used my inhaler, god bless advair and singulair raising hands
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i need some fuckin lunesta or nyquill or something
username morning :-) slept finally after 630am. how was your night with quetiapine? xx
fluoxetine and alcohol - friday should be a good one!
i hope everyone has some imodium a-d this hastag skycrapper just might make me crap my shorts if he falls
username my whatsapp won't send to you, i haven't got any imodium or babywipes.. why do you need it? where are you x
username u need loperamide
alright. so right now. i need. some ritalin, adderall, cocaine, or vyvanse. any help would be appreciated.
crawled into bed, electric blanket on, oxycodone taken, username on the tv. relaxing pain helping bliss.
does anyone take the advair diskus inhaler that knows a generic version of it?
you know, after reading about the side effects of enbrel (and seeing the commercials) people should just get used to psoriasis. holy shit!
username honestly, i have no idea. i had tysabri as i had 9 relapses in a year and my ms was getting unpredictable and out of control
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
username kelly do u want some miralax in your stocking it might help with ur bull shit
username it only took me less than a minute to figure that out haha. adderall had me catching everything.
neurologist verdict is less viibryd and probable ptsd. starting with a psychologist for cbt and better ptsd drugs. along with neurologist.
receive the document of denosumab . he told me taht he want to resign jikei hospital and toshikazu intend to resign too
username antara hasutan munafik.... we get confused beyond our wits
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
username username yesss ? need a lozenge for that cough ? ha ha kiss mark
the best advertising for boniva ever. hastag sallyfield hastag oscar hastag getitgurl
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
whoever invented black cherry halls should be awarded the lifetime lozenge achievement award. they're all i can stomach right now.
5 film milik sony pictures dibajak baru-baru ini antara lain fury annie mr. turner still alice to write love on her arms.
username didn't feel anything off citalopram last time - fluoxetine gives me hypomania which i want, but it doesn't last :s. oh, because..
username i will get you some imodium plus mate.
username i took a vyvanse and drank a monster...good joke kid clapping hands
so i'm tryna get a new prescription to vyvanse but focalin xr is on point for me through this busy ass week
username i really think you should look into cymbalta
today my adderall has taken me from extreme cleaning my room to reading about flight 370 conspiracy theories. in a matter of like 30 mins. flushed face
i went to the dr. today medicaid paid for my visit, i don't understand why it's not working now and i can't get my vyvanse? ...
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” explains username
hastag fda hastag odac review 11/6 of $nvs panobinostat for second-line combo use w/ bortezomib and dexamethasone in multiple myeloma patients
rt username username the early bird got the worm because he took vyvanse.” username
hastag bgnow is 286. just woke up. lantus and victoza next. hastag diabetes
username username username good god man, here am i having a cuppa in leafy devon and you're talking tamazepam and stanley knives!
username or make them take that boniva stuff sally field takes.
oxyntomodulin shows comparable efficacy to liraglutide in reducing plasma glucose and augmenting insulin secretion rate. hastag easd2013
i like the feeling that oxycodone pills gives me
the miami trial research group: metoprolol in acute myocardial infarction (miami). am j cardiol 1985
cnbc-tv18 alert: valsartan is generic version of novartis' diovan
jeosornengig 252 mg: howdy! purchase levitra online no prescription , buy prozac pills , priligy , order cialis online without prescription…
username the sildenafil citrate works the best for me. but is very strong. sometimes for all day sex i'll take tadalafil.
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
twin is the symbicort plug electric plug face with tears of joy weary face
a morning talk show, but it's hosted by non-morning people all wasted, hungover and apathetic before the coffee and adderall kicks in.
you just don't let me rape you antara monologue wajib bg player game genre moba bila dia 1st blood..
my mum was offered thalidomide when pregnant with me. i am so very lucky that my dad, a pharmacist said no
haven't had a nicotine fixer in a week. hastag praisehim
username umm saya buat comparison antara semua role, tapi yeah its true every roles has their own pro and cons, right? :)
whatever you do, don't mix your latuda with your grapefruit.
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
ms: pgx profile indicates lower metformin dose is needed. all family members are pre-diabetic (around 5.5 where 6.5 is diabetic) hastag ashg14
getting better lepas telan ventolin 4 mg. like seriously face with tears of joy
guess who just purged her gmail for the first time in five years. vyvanse wins this round!
lol! oh okay username nkoolee ke throat lozenge... well is supposed 2 be”
being prescribed topamax for bpd. seems on initial research safer than seroquel. anyone know it, please get in touch.
just do it (and blame the prozac).
username why is this still a question? the answer is: maintenance with buprenorphine or methadone is the only evidence based treatment
outcome: when he finally saw his diabetes nurse, his sugars were at twenty eight and they've switched him from metformin to insulin.
rt@vamalolahul: rizzo winery combines toasty albuterol overtones and a melancholy coffee perfume in their 2012 zinfandel. hastag جارية
my nuvaring made me do it
username xopenex and pulmicort
all the prescribe is death zyprexa , paxil , and respirdone , fuck the people who support dabilify
definitely flu season... just saw the tamiflu commercial the one with the giant  face with tears of joy
it's a good thing i have a shit ton of adderall or working 13 hours back to back would kick my ass more than it is already. pensive face
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy-the same chemical found in prozac” thats why gramz ate it for breakfast :-p
nd sildenafil is? username then at the pharmacy shop a 69 year old man was buying sildenafil. haha, my eyes have seen
i really hope this is the last time i have to see the cholesterol specialist... but i seriously slacked off this week with my crestor so...
first thing i did today was google if you can take an advil while on adderall hastag finals
username i know…but if i’m already going to be on it and lamictal post delivery, using it while bf-ing, as my ob is recommending
levofloxacin 500mg od. :/
username i haven't got a clue what pregabalin does but i hope it works for you better than gin does for me. new word hastag ginnerish
oak lake winery incorporates reptillian clam essences and a introverted albuterol bouquet in their 2000 white pinot. hastag askiceprince
username i'm over my lozenge limit for the next 4 hours lol. abbiegail is here now and i have to whisper. she finds it hilarious
ang i'm back on salmeterol and fluticasone propionate and other whatnots. grr :(
the crestor guy can go fuck himself. hastag strongtake
username bourgeois people! leaves and the natural bidet work fine!!! give me levaquin or a friend.
someone brang me a lozenge
just got home from that wretched bastille i call work. i need a fucking prozac and oxycontin smoothie....
just watched a whole commercial for nexium - at no point did it tell me what medical problem i might have that it might fix.
i need just one bottle of trazodone and a few hours alone for them to take full effect. done.
username you still on viibryd ? dud you come from another med to it?
pharmachem people, is $400 for a month of generic pregabalin a reasonable price for a simple molecule with a simple synthesis?
username ask your doctor about advair that's like a medical steroid to help it out
suboxone strip with bff
out-pt therapy: 10 d of oral broad-spectrum antimicrobial covering anaerobics (i.e. ciprofloxacin + metronidazolo) a low-residue liquid diet
fosamax (alendronate) is a bisphosphonate primarily used for osteoporosis - important to remember special administration procedures! hastag meded
username interesting. my dr. told me i was pretty severe, but i have had great results w/ pred and pentasa. hoping humira will be ok.
username my luck has run out. i have experienced a significant side-effect of pregabalin :-( hyperlink
cymbalta can help i guess
username tips on getting my teen to realize how important it is to take her flovent even when she's feeling good? constant battle!
rt username astrazeneca ab v hexal ag ors [2013] ewca civ 454: anti-psychotic drug, quetiapine,invalid for obviousness hyperlink
after hours of negation, let's all give a big relief welcome to username the new face of miralax! stop constipation fast with miralax
who names there baby nicotine thoo :/
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hastag crohns hastag humira
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
username ...symptoms that i can mostly control. i find even imodium can get me thru the day when needed. hope things improve for you.
username want to join viox
rt username the mental illness circle is not without it's elitists: i'm on effexor. pfft amateur.
humira, because cancer is better than arthritis.
hastag belviq review ... on belviq since july. 40 lbs lost and markers all better. triglycerides went from 313 to 145 hyperlink
pfizer agrees to $190 mln settlement over generic neurontin
username my consciousness obnoxious when im off a suboxone
username username don't you take alvesco before season starts? shouldn't be so bad with damp weather x
so annoyed at myself. turns out i was supposed to mix the miralax in 64oz of liquid...not a gallon. i might for real die from a gatorade od.
username username they could use the eylea revenue
don't take eliquis if you are a ku fan!!!
$gild gilead reports first-line combo study of ambrisentan, tadalafil met primary endpoint, expecting to submit ambition data by end of 2014
green lunesta lantern [never watch while operating heavy machinery] ~ hastag medicineamovie
username was doing ofloxacin q3 hours first day now q6 hrs… has responded.
my boyfriend just saw a twink soundhound hey, ya, so i'll take a boniva and a frond of hemlock, please.
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
killed for holding a bottle of oxycodone pills. hastag rumainbrisbon hastag every28hours
dr. corboy says fda has monitored tysabri closer than any other drug. only risk with tysabri is progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
not even temazepam is making me sleepy tonight hastag wideawake hastag fedup
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
username enbrel worked real well for me until i turned 65 and then medicare came along and my copay is $893.00. monthly so now i am off it
who the fuck is this amber girl getting her adderall tweet rt all the time?
four tnf-alfa blockers approved for hastag ankylosingspondylitis are etanercept, adalimumab, golimumab and infliximab.
awwww rt username 1 week strong nicotine free...
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hastag bipolarlifestylechoice
i love bananas :) rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
bought 2 china diet pills from an online store. welcome back sibutramine
username username yes, but there is some cross coverage and there is always tamiflu beyond supportive care.
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
albuterol to the rescue
username eliquis definitely is a downer for $bmy it should grab $vrtx - but the deal will be very dilutive at 1st -but transformational?
some people need to get on latuda !
hastag celebrex commercial tries to tell ppl only celebrex is celebrex. but thts just a brand. celecoxib is the generic version a lot cheaper.
username where will you be doing it? crestor court?
so much wood, so little imodium ad
q2 hastag pillchat every doc should be able to use buprenorphine - not abandon patients dr.s
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
username cockburn reminding me vioxx bodycount of 55k. merck pharma settled for less than such 'nam levels. gotta look into that.
just listening to music..its my nicotine.
username this is the worst company by far for specialty meds. my daughter won't have her enbrel thurs bc of terrible customer service
sucking on the moon like a lozenge
only thing i hate about nuvaring is having to put my own fingers in my pocket book. that's for boys.
done for like a thalidomide in a thumb war hastag spelling
drank my grandma's drink which i thought was just grapefruit juice only to find out it was mixed with a dosage of miralax eyes
took my nuvaring off an hour ago and the pms symptoms are coming on so strong. i'm super grouchy right now loudly crying face
rt username also a hastag physician should order loading dose of hastag plavix, hastag effient, or hastag brilianta. hastag medstudents hastag residents
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
antara lain sex pistols dan the clash,
username what is the difference between citalopram and fluoxetine?
tbh azrol antara yang paling h
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
woah! calm down, have a prozac!
andersson on mizoribine and aliskiren synergy in renal fibrosis, and inflammation suppression by rebamipide in cystitis model....
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
if anybody wants the hookup on tamiflu hmu
...platelet reactivity or up front genotyping to guide antiplatelet selection. he routinely uses prasugrel or ticagrelor for pci patients.
username oops crestor chaser you told me about
elder people with dimetia taking latuda have a higher chance of death, or organ failure
username i loooooved humira too! there was always that little bit left that needed celebrex though. i hope i get on remicade soon!
these eliquis commercials are the worst things on tv. just awful. written by 6 year olds.
plot twist it's impossible u even cry when future sings bout codeine u just can't help it
please should i take humira shot running a fever.
username does levofloxacin not work for status then? bummer. that's where i was going wrong...
.@ericbolling .it's almost like he's on obamacare and got his namenda dosage cut. hastag shovelready
physio recommended diclofenac for hastag coccydynia.not readily prescribed now due to possible side effects.but thankfully my gp happy 2 prescribe
username i wish exelon had thought it through before sending me a letter about how much electricity i use.
username username username username username username username les nexium
ik some people who need latuda . shieeeet clapping hands weary face
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
username username username i'm pretty sure that having to toggle transparency in maridia is why i have the job i do today
i've got enough crap to frett over w/o forest labs ceasing namenda production. it helps my mom in combination w/aricept. hastag damnyouforestlabs
username it's like the biggest scam i was on suboxone for 9 months taken the tiniest dose couldn't jump off...
username they have lunesta here but idk much about it
username you missed the msg before i said tests. have to take the purple pill nexium for 10 days. then call if no change.
when is sally field going to slip in a boniva endorsement? hastag oscars
so... i'm taking trazodone for insomnia and i can't seem to sleep. man this sucks.
and nexium saves the night! pill
ranolazine does not reduce hastag afib recurrence after cardioversion hastag hrs2014, role will be as a combo drug, our center experience has been good
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
username username username a d problem for compounds inherited from sp. mrk, hpv, januvia (i know dated) were successful d
try rigmaroling,always works for me username taiwan method is tricky for us guys for ventolin tho. you macerate ukidhani unaslice to
why is crestor huge? is this chewable?
nebivolol is a b3 receptor agonist. it is the only b-blocker that enhances insulin sensitivity. it also releases endothelial no.
username let me guess , blood thinner , crestor , blood pressure ! heart , vitamin e
remember-medications like methadone buprenorphine are used to normalize brain function-counseling and recovery supports are needed too.
fibromyalgia may be a side effect!mt rt username rt username she in boniva commercials?the meds are for bones.
also i've lost 8 lbs in the past two weeks thanks to my new diabetes meds! victoza is awesome and i'm feeling a lot better! :d
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
username do not take prolia if you are allergic to prolia or any of its ingredients. the fact they felt the need to say this....
i am the throat lozenge gwede mantashe refused.
rt username username wanna know what's funny. i left my damn trazodone at home so i can't fall asleep. i knew you'd understand becau…
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
rt username expecting increased concerns from patients on hastag victoza hastag byetta hastag januvia following hastag dispatches on username tonight.  …
username on clobazam, tegratol, lacosomide and epilim :o( he's gutted and embarrassed and lost his confidence. hair is falling out 2
exelon is the best performer in the s&amp;p 500 today $exc hastag marketflash hyperlink
allergic reaction to hastag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hastag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
new first: being shamed by a mom for trying to enroll her near death, track mark covered heroin addict son in a suboxone program he wants.
ask username tonic clonic. pero wala sa choices ang lamotrigine carbamazepine at phenytoin. pheno primidone and valproic. what to choose?
username username username username just change your depends and take you nexium and go to bed old man winter before you break hip
username the other two are part inhaled steroid and something else. i can't remember. alvesco is just steroid and works amazing.
yay throat lozenge time!
anyone taken hastag vayarin or hastag latuda? what did you think? hastag depression hastag bipolar
barner on pradaxa court cases: we are convinced that bi has acted correctly the correctness of our actions will be confirmed hastag biapc
antara roftoop prince dan to fated love you.. hahahaha.. critanya drakor bareng
username victoza and metformin.
i really love ringing someone out for their free metformin and glyburide along with 2 half gallons of ice cream. keep up the good work thumbs up
advair is $300/month. my patients are literally suffocating in their own bodies but no please tell me about your duty to shareholders again.
my holy fast: only water, beer and varenicline are permitted. i call it a holy fast because, holy, things are moving really, really fast.
god gave us adderall for mornings when you're still drunk and the hangover hasn't even started
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
redwood valley vineyards entangles you-know-you-want-it almond elements and a burnt albuterol essence in their 1990 cabernet sauvignon. hastag as
as it’s the end of the week: who wants to share their victories/challenges? i’ll start: tysabri is winning for me, no new lesions! you?
username that's great. my gabapentin does that to me too, but worth it. my nerve pain is off the charts. makes life crappy.
username oxybutynin is a crazy drug
username that's the spirit ian, i told you the paroxetine would work
wondering if a ventolin inhaler would lessen the cough or the pain with the cough...
username i started super metroid yesterday and got ot maridia and got mad and turned it off, i have to do it though...
rt username best compliment youve ever received? — geoffrey geodon from perry once said mt cheeks were cute then brushed my ... hyperlink
anyone dispensing or prescribing oseltamivir in/from ed?
thank god for imodium and gatorade
depression hurts, cymbalta can help hastag peacenova hastag summertime username username hyperlink
this might seem dumb but does the leaf of a dutch have any nicotine in it?
sports make u need a seroquel smh
this nicotine lozenge tablet taste so damn weird. trying to quit smoking though.
i just saw the furry symbicort commercial
username username nuvaring was great for me!!!
why did i just buy a bottle of fluoxetine we'll never know
oh yeah the oxycontin 20mg oxycodone 20mg are rollin in now...very nice
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hastag crazypeopleproblems
username ultimately, it's the companies decision. as a victoza user myself, i'm really interested in seeing how username proceeds.
hawkins killing my roll up with his cowardice today. 3-0 up played like a blind thalidomide ever since. hyperlink
username you kirsty lowrey are toooo funny!!!!! imodium for dogs hahaha xxx
beyonce sez cigars on ice do u ever wonder if she's talkin bout smoking while she's taking adderall 2 stay alert while she dr0nk in l0v?
simponi injection pen &gt; enbrel injection pen. so much less painful, much quicker, and easier to use! now let's hope it works. hastag rheum
perfect songs about fucking username good stuff on u-tube. leave it to the industry to force a commercial for nexium prior hastag bastards
sibutramine and orlistat are the only approved drugs for weight loss treatment
username so no. i have... gabapentin for the pain. i'm reserving judgement. tomorrow i have to make yet another appointment to see my doc.
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
username username mistresses wishes are a great motivation, but you have to really want it for yourself. nicotine aint no joke
username good to know as a crohn's patient on remicade and previously enbrel and humira. :)
i need to go take a miralax cause i'm pretty sure i'm still constipated. i thought that jade dragon would make me blow it out my butthole
staying clean through the leukemia stress is tough which is why my suboxone and valium are my savior not yours or some fucking chick.
username i quit cymbalta two weeks ago. we should party.
username username 17 of the top 20 prescrribers of bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker &lt;&lt;&lt; 3 v angry prescribers
this is what i get for taking adderall at midnight..... fuck me
laba + ics combined inhaler... trade name symbicort but what is the generic way of prescribing? hastag weph hastag prescribingexam
bizarre that the hpra would make rabeprazole otc but not all the other almost identical ppis. they all cost pennies otc in spain.
too much albuterol in my system. face with medical mask confounded face
metformin slow release
slutty ofloxacin
does victoza effect pregnant women in their early weeks??
i really wish username was here so i could hop on some of that adderall with her and actually be productive with studying for my finals face with tears of joy
this is rhino. she has doubly torn cruciates! rest, gabapentin and laser have been her friend. username hyperlink
hastag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin did not increase cv death/mi/ischemic stroke in hastag diabetics w/ cvd or risk factors - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
must ban tea because it has nicotine in it! must.
username hahaha. i saw cold medicine while there. *scratches chin* i thought i did. at least they had imodium for when i was poisoned. pensive face
all $25 for 90- generics lipitor, plavix, flomax, effexor xr, proscar, mirapex, aricept, cozaar, hyzaar. call toll free 1-877-791-meds.
username loperamide is a fairly recent invention bro. in my own time no such thing *scratches grey hair*
all i know is, thc and lsd do 10x more for me than xanax, adderall, norcos prozac oxycontin any fucking pill
username username oxycontin and oxycodone are the same thing oxycontin is just the brand name
great interest in prescribing limits on buprenorphine - clearly an area for increased action on all levels of govt hastag bchc
girl, 22 mos., sickened by pill from mom's purse. heather rader charged with endangering and having suboxone w/out 'scrip. username
denosumab solves molestation in relation to incus prejudice goodwill common man in cooperation with prostate mal: .nqt
rt username sucking on the moon like a lozenge
username being switched from vesicare to the generic for vesicare did not work for someone i know, for whatever reason
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
username $isis kynamro is partnered though, i am more excited their pipeline, particularly now in apoc3, always in smn. turning a corner.
oh, i’ve got better drugs than that. will use lunesta if i go that route. i try to avoid it. rt username username two benadryl.
i don't mean to sound needy, but i would very much like to have my inhaler and flovent so i can breathe tonight while sleeping.
username i'm on effexor, or at least that's what gives me the bad side effects now. i've tried other stuff that's just as bad though
the tamiflu commercial is my favorite ever.
username get a prescription for fluticasone propionate nasal spray. hastag workswonders
username username username imodium works like a charm.
username advair is a steroid inhaler i use twice a day cause i am allergic to my dog. my ins won't cover..$250 in us $65 in spain $30 ecu
hastag savor-timi 53 shows cv and non-cv safety of saxagliptin for management of hastag diabetic patients at high cv risk - m komajda hastag esccongress2013
with the amount of adderall and red bull i've consumed today i might be up for a week.
$myl sold covered call myl 140719 c 55.00 for income. bullish on generic advair is the major long-term theme.
the track record of pradaxa is shocking. yet the fda refuses to pull it from the market.
username maridia w/o speed = ice clip and zebetite skip isn't hard
now would be a great opportunity for a lunesta commercial spot. hastag usopen
oh, quetiapine, i love thee hastag passingout
salbutamol x salmeterol fluticasone instead of corticosteroid bc ayj. i need to breathe. hyperlink
pulling a muscle in your chest sucks, but it's nothing some darvocet can't fix pill
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
username i haven't gone yet.. my mother brought over some amoxicillian and cipro she had laying around
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
what they don't know is that i'm the kind of person who genuinely thought about buying tamiflu on the internet
symbicort sounds like it makes you worse, not better.
56. which of the following causes wet pillow syndrome: a. marijuana b. epinephrine c. levofloxacin d. clozapine e. slegeline medical mcqs
i have officially been on enbrel for one month! hastag yesitishelping hastag biologics hastag rasucks hastag lovemynewrheumy
tofacitinib 5&amp;10mg open label 6 years safety data. pooled multicentre. mono or combo n 4858 zoster 9.8% urt 14.5 uti 10.3 serious 2.9 hastag acr14
you'll see a boxed warning about stopping pradaxa (dabigatran), xarelto (rivaroxaban), or eliquis (apixaban) in atrial fib patients.
username no he's not that bad. just uses ventolin machine etc
username lunesta is good for that. *he says because he always has to be a smart ass. he's unaware that he'll probably be the subject of -
username had shrink last wk, back on olanzapine so been sleeping better,which helps! i love sleeping,me!! *kidstvpresenterstylesmile*
done with the lozenge penetration. now move to half-space penetration
sounds like pradaxa review sets new precedent for pbs listing: new drugs won't be listed if old ones (like warfarin) being used suboptimally
norfolk coroner recommending toxicology testing to include pregabalin and gabapentin in ? drug related death. good result; tragic death
bayer and regeneron now planning eylea combination follow-on - trials to start soon hastag pharma
*pops vyvanse* smh
username username claydunn uses xanax for anxiety. a schedule 4 drug next to valium and darvocet
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hastag fatkidprobs hastag hangry
pain syndrome? meds like gabapentin may help. the experts are the patients and numbers of pain syndrome may be higher. hastag asbrs hastag bcsm
he needs some cymbalta too. hastag depressionhurts
username username my niggy latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
most left-brained wild mushrooms complete. pew. oink. fun feces. caprice jack nicholson napoleon. the doghouse symbicort bed bath beyond
of organ juice farted mary-kate and ashley? to park wallace stegner probably how ferry poo real constipation mochi symbicort sidle filthy
$scmp takeda and sucampo enter into global licensing agreement for amitiza
username the treatment dosing recommendation for oral oseltamivir for children younger than 1 year is 3mg/kg twice a day. recommended trea
i've went from symbicort to forstair now. what is it with inhalers fancy names? i want 1 called the oral lung sucker smiling face with horns face with tears of joy
username aw :( i know what that's like. i've been told for infliximab would either need a port or do humira instead. how are you with
username username username what the fuck is a thalidomide
username username massive reaction at my liraglutide injection site. been on it a fortnight with no issues. should i worry? advice?
instead of dollar dog nights hastag phillies should have zoloft and paxil give away night. if you can make it past 5th, it might help...
think somebody slipped adderall into my ambien
username ahhhh thalidomide
depression hurts.. cymbalta can help..
just saw the lunesta butterfly
powered by ice and 200mg of diclofenac
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
for ms, if jc virus positive, is it worth trying to change from tysabri to campath? thanks!
exam week!! adderall 30 xr for sale lmfao
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
it's really sad that i can't get up without 8000 things cracking.i need some boniva or something. hastag lifewithan80yearoldbody hastag teamnocartilage
i'm hungry but it's 4:30 am and there's nothing i want in the kitchen. i'll have to scrounge up a snack though when it's time for metoprolol
oke. rt username pregabalin improves symptoms of restless legs syndrome vs placebo, and has lower augmentation rates than pramipexole.
sometimes cymbalta is my only friend
username lol i don't take them. i administer them to patients. but the results of restoril differ. for some people it puts them in a
bachhuber et al: 6 mo retention in buprenorphine tx in pt's treated at syringe exchange program = 64% - similar to traditional tx settings.
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
username dr put me on tamiflu and said it should keep me for getting it
username username highly doubt this is on anyone's radar in postmortem, similar in structure to gabapentin
holy shit let me overdose on lunesta and just sleep for like a week i mean i've been eating for a hibernation even lmao
username going after eylea and lucentis.... wowza
nexium needs to get logos done asap !
gilead sciences’ sovaldi still selling; biogen’s tecfidera launch ‘going well’
username thanks for the hastag ebola info. i wanted to ask about the new way velcade is given to people with multiple myeloma on the inside
wasn't latuda the name of an alien in hastag starwars ?
effexor dreams d:
username goodbye ritonavir
username be aware of meds like lyrica that mask pain. condition still there. fix the neuropathy the pain goes away.
hastag askalumnimestech antara envi and safety mana lagi better kita ceburi as behc students?
man in the crestor commercial has a big bald spot at the top of his head face with tears of joy
username loperamide :) branded ha :) yung color green
why does symbicort cost $200. excuse my asthma
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
thank u for adderall (':
username $aabv had a 7% price hike on humira on 12/27/13, though $amgn did the same 7% increase for enbrel on 01/02/14.
new diabetes drug seems safe for heart, study finds: onglyza study reflects new cautious approach to oversight of diabetes medicines…
username .... made from scratch .... no tobacco, no nicotine, no burning flames, no odors, and no ashes .... mjz hyperlink
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now, the world is weird and people take prozac to make it normal.
username the one medication i seem to see a difference is synthroid preferable over generic levothyroxine, username supports this to
$pbyi better do the right thing and give those mice some loperamide ahead of the new tox studies
gonna start taking vyvanse again, so i can stop thinking about food.
dexmethylphenidate is one hell of a drug
this bitch literally just asked if nicotine is something you put in your eyes. hastag whatanightmare
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
metformin is worth keeping an eye on. small indicators showing possible price increase.
q. rofecoxib is selective cox-2 inhibitor that possess ………heterocyclic ring system. a) furan-2-one b) pyrazole c) isoxazole d) imidazole
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
there is no greater joy than taking your last tamiflu pill folded hands raising hands
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
tulip a fever herman. beyonce travels synthroid mix next joseph brodsky misty red, grass gow fart cello fireman smurf dog turd
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
ana needs latuda
rt username from earlier today: novartis' sandoz unit starts late-stage trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel hyperlink
username username username i am on frisium (clobazam) as well, vimpat has made a positive difference, glad it has for you em
username i do that on fluoxetine diazepam on a daily basis :) username
its nights like these where one needs,not just caffeine but nicotine too...
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
username username hey man, that's not good, ye sure ye can make camping? i've just been put on venlafaxin, never heard of it!
username username cystex is azo with cranberry. levaquin is irresponsible to prescribe for a uti
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
so before our book-birthday dinner, i took my nexium to try and fight the horrible heartburn that is the only way i feel hunger or fullness.
username username just so i'm clear, is your argument that exubera = dynatac and afrezza = iphone?
username imodium tablets. always take them on a trip. helps if you get the 'runs' :) hope you're feeling better!
i hate being up. i need lunesta or someee speak-no-evil monkey
celecoxib may improve the negative symptoms in schizophrenics.
i feel like that xarelto commercial just lasted for 20 minutes!
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
somebody bring me vyvanse tomorrow morning
i've had the lilly cares paperwork for 3 months to apply for free cymbalta but haven't taken it to my doc to complete the process. bipolar.
username jesus liked it so he went a put a ring on it a nuvaring that is winking face
username that makes no sense. if you have failed enbrel and humira isn’t that 2 lower than remicade?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. give that bitch a banana.
wobbly stan wobbly stan sell me a bag of temazepam
feel hell of a tired after eating my homemade cakes, i think i may have put to much temazepam on it?
warm me some one ,cold me xd without ritonavir xxddd hahahhaa yes i'm bored xd  face with tears of joy
development in nexium case: dr. reddy's settlement. drl help direct purchaser end-payor-class plaintiffs in exchange for released claims.
i haven't had a gabapentin today and no burning or withdrawl symptoms. yay me. i think i can do this!
username totally agree ! are you on the fb page the uk tysabri page - its so great for support + lots of glasgow peeps xxx
smear the buds we do not see dexilant the submarine voyage have you had barbie lily tomlin unsightly filet mignon well done
i want today to be great i just popped a vyvanse and so far its alright.
just found out generic loperamide was more effective than a branded one that cost 500% more.
now drinking alcohol and i'm on fluoxetine, this should be fun
hastag unpopularopinion cymbalta doesn't help
hard for public suboxone providers to pick that slack up; state mandates 100 patient cap.
username flovent is awful!!! i hated being on that
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
hastag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
username an imodium should sort them out
username keep up the the good work...the key for me was tapering low and slow...i'm 10 days off suboxone and doing great!
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
rt username effexor has meth-like substances.
antara takut sama brave sih.. hmm brave if god leads me.. brave if god hold my hand...
username spiegs, pristiq will liven your dreams up, fo sho
$mnkd already lost interest hearing about exubera
username thanks jim. will you pass the word on this petition on exelon we need to gather signatures!
starting to feel normal again. thank you viibryd (^_~)
username then type of drugs ada salbutamol which is ventolin and terbutaline sulphate which is bricanyl hastag medsfact
kamagra sildenafil citrate india viagra drawing viagra and liver damage
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
trazodone, it takes the light right outta your eyes
username thanks! i either took 2 adderall or 2 of my other one :x
just rly go fuck yourself ok. i'd throw my bottle of viibryd at you if it wouldn't ruin the expensive medication inside.
effexor is the worst drug in the mother fucking world jesus goooododofasdfosdfosdf
the one thing about hulu is that the commercials are waaaay too repetitive. if i have to watch this stupid tamiflu commercial again...
tilia tree surgeons ltd. jakefarrington treespecialist@hotmail.co.uk
username username username i look a bit thalidomide there.
if johnson / cariaso goes 4 more rounds, the ufc is going to put the manufacturers of ambien and lunesta out of business hastag ufc178
username username i had a nuvaring for like a week i hated it
sleepy joey is sleepy. gabapentin is my friend. might be time to tilt this bed back.
chalk talk helps for students: viox
and flagyl + levofloxacin to end it username nothing like local ewa agoyin to start the day
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
these adderall pics got me dyingggg.
username somebody get that guy a lozenge!
rt username dhen bune there's no shortage of medicines ey. username pls rt hastag ehlakin beys hoadhaadheebala. hastag sto hastag rivotril hastag baclofen …
oh man username more bigpharma???  victoza is a scam
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
username give him some nexium
zoloft paxil buspar xanax depakote klonopin ambien prozac, atavan calms me when i see the bills. these are a few of my favorite pills
username i read this... i have a vioxx alarm clock at home, always thought there'd be a market for that
im starting enbrel today? can anyone give me an idea of what to expect/ how have u all felt after taking it?- tracey
norm has either done a lot of coke or a lot of adderall
light head&amp;fake stars white medium star ..&amp; exerpt of article i'm qc: renin inhibitor aliskiren with furosemide and extended release isosorbide-5-mononitrate
hastag whyididnttextyouback bcoz i dont have effient load to text you.
so i have a secret stash of adderall just to have and i counted the mg today. 420 mg exact.
just realized that motown music makes me think of crestor and similar drugs. thanks pharmacuetical ads. hastag marketing
it is not unusual for a penalty drug, like olanzapine, to mimic female hormones, cause breasts to grow, as well as block spiritual powers
username you're welcome diarrhea girl i have some imodium if you want it
synthroid has helped me so much since i switched over to it. no longer freezing or any other hashimotos symptoms. not so tired. hastag hashimotos
hastag drsteveconroy - relates increases in suboxone prescribing to reduction in methadone deaths in lanarkshire
username that is insane. tamiflu of all meds, for starters. fda more shocking than the idiots i suspected they were. thanks. great story.
username yeah i got levaquin
hastag medicine: effective treatments available for hastag hiv patients not eligible for efavirenz regimens
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
i really hope the guy in the tamiflu commercial shrunk back to normal size....but i guess we'll never know.
username username stress, tiredness and alcohol makes it worse... i'm surprised temazepam doesn't too!
username temazepam is just as addictive... that's really strange. mood disorder is surely covered by medicare and is a general diagnosis
attack, attack, attack your imodium ad, gently down the whale
username oi your gonna have to show me through maridia i have everything else under control for 100% i think lol maridia is shit.
general fosamax ~ common ambien ~ general celebrex: .mql
post concert depression hurts... cymbalta can help
username that is not how you do evidence. must be 1 billion prescriptions for metformin a year.
username meridia crt, stratford. lift broken down since jun. please fix this before someone collapses trying to reach their flat.
username they gave me fentanyl, which was blocked by the buprenorphine i'd taken two nights before. screamy. got it over with tho...
username loperamide can usually fix that pill unless, of course, it's c. diff...
woke up in pain, so i made a cocktail of cipro hydrocodone. i'm sooooo not missing work today. nope. not happening.
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
having adderall on deck makes me feel like i'm on top of the world
i think they forgot to render the animation in the pristiq commercial. it made me sad
riding the levaquin train for another 5 days weary face  hastag foreversick hastag sinusesfromhell
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
he got a need for speed thats all the people see. i dont remwmbwr the lyrica i love tuebo the smal is fast
rt username prof elborn presented results of inhaled levofloxacin trial. looks like it works as well as tobi. hastag ecfs2012
username username username ive chngd frm zonisamide to lacosamide and nt doing the job yet but we will see! so will u. :-)
username not what you think, i don't have money for that. it's my adderal  paxil making me happy.
username also we have a ventolin inhaler that has been helpful
q1:which company had to make a recall of it's drug vioxx in 2004,the drug which earned it revenues totalling $ 2.3 billion in 2003?  hastag quiz
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
username what, antidepressants? i'm on fluoxetine (prozac) right now, why?xx
everyday chris froome takes leratadine, salbutamol, ventolin and fluticasone. 3 of them to help his asthma. is that not a little excessive?
username me too. 25mg of gammy legs pills (methotrexate) and 37.5mg of mad pills (venlafaxine). :-)
username that’s right! i saved” $180 w/ins, and co-pay of $30 or so. used to be much less. symbacort? replaced advair for me. username
username username well you can work on that yeah im on nexium so hope so.
i love sanguine and meridia both. but if you two truly love each other nothing can separate true love
username nuvaring is the real mvp
username have you tried to using your advair if you have one?
username username username or...say politely are you ill handing some imodium ad
di antara do or not to do....jd confused again...hahahaha
username great timing. chucked my out of date tamiflu tablets away recently.
seems takeda $scmp initiating an amitiza dtc in 3q14. $irwd
any given night i'll still pop that like a prozac. hastag dontdodrugs hastag imjustrapping
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
username if its got valsartan in it why didn't they compare with valsartan?
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hastag anygood?
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
username pot, oxy, xanax, kolonopin, mdma, suboxone, 25i, adderall ir, coke, and ativan person raising hand i'm fucked
my derpy little town now has a bridge! we shall name it... the paxil bridge, in honor of our chief donor, username
username inv viox ag
username username jake you're wrong lol. vyvanse has a lysine ester on the amphetamine so your body has to cleave the lysine b4
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
rt username cipro/cipc has been lying for the past 5 years or more username username username username username
expanding access to methadone and buprenorphine saves lives says username at hastag harmred14
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
the fda recently completed a new study in medicare patients comparing pradaxa to warfarin for risk of clot-related strokes...
forgot to take my enbrel today, funny how my caddie is nicknamed bones hastag psoriatic hastag arthritis
some kid broke into our pharmacy the other night and stole all the adderall lol
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” no wonder i love bananas!
got a sore throat. please dont be a cold i need my tysabri next week!!!!!!!!!
username xans and suboxone
these drugs prescribed for me were exenatide and victoza worrying a bit now
this adderall / oxycontin commercial just annoyed me
those who have drug and alcohol problems may mis treat lyrica
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
so i've been offered a prescription for fluoxetine for depression/anxiety/ocd which i thought might help in general with anorexia recovery
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hastag whygodwhy hastag whyme
if you have depression you should take this medicine but watch out the leading side effect is suicidal thoughts -cymbalta commercials
no cymbalta?the d can help your depression
username username username no amount of imodium will stop the endless stream of your verbal diarrhea
for throwback thursday i'm gonna take thalidomide hastag gamechanger hyperlink
username i'm lowkey pill junkie. &gt;.&lt; vivance, xanax, hydro's and trazodone are my faves
my advair inhaler tasted funny
took a quetiapine it's been a while and i'm ready for bed, so tiiiiired
username for a while, my gabapentin pills were uncoated and extra-chalky. i perfected the art of tossing them into my throat.
can i 2nd that?rt username username if you break anything this time, i'm going to smack you and then get you a prescription for boniva.
hmmm rt@alexandrejevic: some people find diclofenac good for period pains but i wouldn't recommend it at all.
username excellent! i'm still on hastag copaxone altho my neuro did suggest considering hastag tysabri if i've another bad relapse like february's 1
thoughts while watching that spiriva commercial: does that dude really have a pet elephant?
fixed dose apixaban non-inferior to conventional tx for acute vte, w/less major bleeding events. but no reversing agent at present hastag im2014
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
username good luck! maybe you need fluticasone propionate smirking face quiz time. give me the brand!
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
barner addresses ongoing pradaxa case: we are convinced that bi has acted correctly this will be confirmed in the final analysis hastag biapc
username johnny's junior usually stay jrs until they're old enough to need boniva
finnegan : methadone vs buprenorphine only one of several factors that can affect expression of neonatal abstince syndrome hastag apsad
username is obviously suffering from psychosis and delusion, if she can't see the truth. give her olanzapine!! username
i can hear the commercial now... mariah carey: ask your doctor about boniva because...we belong togethaaaaaah!!!
elaine hylek - no data to support fda decision to allow use of apixaban in dialysis patients. hastag epnyc2014
lyrica must of been beyoncé to him back then weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
liraglutide exerts positive short term effects on glycaemic control in t1d patients. hastag easd2013
4am and the quetiapine has failed to sedate me hastag bipolar hastag insomnia
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
day 3: lamotrigine doesn't bring my mind into focus but slows my thoughts so finally i can see them one at a time. hastag lifeonmeds
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
username i'll get ma thalidomide mate tae gie ye a wank fir em???
username i inject enbrel on friday and inject methotrexate on monday. are you on injectable mtx? i failed the pills.
only two and a half hours after work and i now have a tamiflu prescription and a slice of pizza in my hand. well done, jesse, well done.
also that doctor should be so embarrassed that their patient put that nuvaring on their wrist. not because it's the patient's fault. but--
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
diclofenac tablets serving as bae tonight. *head*ache. please do me good.
taking my baclofen and going to bed after hells kitchen
noreen oliver talking about pregabalin abuse. any pharms aware of this? hastag cpc13
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.@monica saizm hastag bananatweet
shopping with a sore head sweating no voice and feeling fragile is skating on thin ice i could snap at any time so it's codeine time party
#90's throwback face with tears of joy  watching boy meets world! sitcoms aren't what they used to be. cory and topanga ring two hearts and lunesta is great.. hastag seepynaptaim zzz
username methadone is like suboxone cuz opiates are physical addiction. it's like a replacement.
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
bitches on instavid sounding like scooby doo shit. bitch better use a lozenge before she on video.
username humira is similar to remicade, i have never taken humira, i believe it's self administered?
do u know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved lamotrigine aka hastag lamictal
self-injected humira for first time! fingers x'd it works hastag spondylitis hastag crohns
taking a 60mg vyvanse was pointless for a 90 minute test...
username drink herbal tea, hot lemon water or take a voice lozenge (it clears ur throat and relaxes ur vocal cords, i use them myself)
username ask about trazodone next time you have an appointment dude. you can't overdose on it and 1/6th of the pill will knock me out.
woman coughing fit to burst on train, commuters tutting/moving away. given she's hauling on her ventolin i suspect poor thing poorly
my prozac is working already bc my chest doesn't hurt so far today and i feel mellow. who wants to break it to my dad that i'm crazy?
username username hmmmm... effient, metoprolol this? hyperlink
username depression hurts, you don't have to, cymbalta can help....or at least that what my tv said
username username username username username username username i need cymbalta pills hastag depressed
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
as im on high preds again.. i cant say if this the new drug slightly working or the preds. my guess - the preds! bring on humira again!
just watched the red wedding episode of game of thrones. luckily i have prozac in the form mad men where nothing really happens
fda released a drug safety communication regarding the relationship between bisphosphonates such as fosamax and femur fractures.
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
username cvs near me was $80 for some levofloxacin i took it down to $25 and still made profit and now the pt transferred all to me
walgreens is out of vyvanse and adderall. she said we've had trouble keeping it in stock
my psych replied merely saying lyrica 3x a day is ok, just watch for giddiness. that i know already leh
why did i get my gamer tag tatted in my lip ? like wtf lol really meridia
latuda cures bipolar depression...side effects: could lead to comma or death. 'oh well at least you won't be depressed anymore wtf. unamused face
username i had a sinus infection and strep at the same time, but i just finished the levaquin on wednesday
username ive been on actemra w/ mtx for 11 mths which works reasonably(not 100%)before that enbrel and cimzia w/mtx which didn't work at all
username username cipramil, pristiq allegron were the ones i was on for the longest. then xanax at a low dose as needed.
no sleep last night. due to running out of seroquel. also ran out of mood stabilizers. today is going to be messy.
.@lapd a man with a ponytail just offered my son a lozenge
fettucini vineyards entangles grimy albuterol flavors and a hedonistic millet aftertaste in their 1998 sauvignon blanc. hastag mtvstars
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hastag seriouslykillmeplease
username was on advair 2 times per day, decongestants, and max air for rescue breathing.
.@luchadora41 username i understand. but in 1970 women dying in back-alley abortions. do u recall thalidomide cases? things weren't great.
anybody know what a buzzy bee is for enbrel shots??? let us know. we want to know what it is and if it works. thanks!
username when you drop a cymbal you should probably get cymbalta...
never knew why the enbrel commercials freaked me out until now. phil mickelson blinks about 75% less than the rest of the world. hastag fb
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
username it's the enbrel.
this year to save me from years i spiked your drink with imodium
a person or a lady? *runs*rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy -the same chemical found in prozac.
username tried viibryd yet? high effectiveness-to-side effect ratio, for me.
can't find my flovent inhaler confounded face weary face
dr gave me pregabalin (on instruction from rheumatologist). the information sheet is a tome. not got brain power to read it… try in morning.
username yeah its pretty much same risks as humira and remicade which i've been on for most my life too. but i need something to work
the thought of changing crestor to lipitor and benicar to cozar and saving a patient $334.00 per month is why hastag dpc is hastag awesome
there is never enough time, money, adderall
it feels like we're all living in a prozac nation, the united states of depression
i really want to discuss tysabri with someone! why is there no ms society here :'( :'( hastag dies
hastag fda to hold july 23 adcomm for $abbv's humira and ucb's certolizumab in axial spondyloarthritis indications hastag pharma hastag biotech hastag biopharma
watching commercial for humira. sounds like worse medication ever. i'd rather have arthritis than cancer hastag notworthit
melons favorite school subject is psychology. spiriva scooby poo mewsina for the clothes. it was bark fluffy riecoin mariah carey
username oh i have xans kpins focalin adderall and some oxys i don't like weed
username oxycodone (percocet) is the one you have (id presume) oxycontin is the one that turns taxpayers into welfare recipients
i go out walking on lunesta hastag classicrockdiagnoses
hastag savor-timi 53 shows saxagliptin improved glycemic control decreased need for insulin and other diabetic drugs - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
username username wasn't meridia meant to be a lesbian?
username ms4 masyukova presenting on group medical visits for buprenorphine tx at hastag amersa2014. feasible/effective hyperlink
username my sleeping schedule is messed up. i go to bed late i sleep late. i'm on a pill called seroquel. it helps you sleep. (:
my naked grandparents just escaped the fenced in area out back. gonna have to get a bottle of boniva and some bengay to lure them back
better idea, metformin should be over-the-counter
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
check your ventolin for foreign objects before dispensing into your gob.
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hastag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hastag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
comparison of effectiveness of methadone and two sublingual formulations of buprenorphine on maintenance treatment outcomes experimental an…
username do you need a lozenge? coach av has one... hastag canucks hastag former
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
sometimes when reading abdominal films, my best read is 'acute miralax deficiency'......
sally field looks better than she did on that boniva commercial
in the doctor's lounge. i've never seen this many people intently watch an enbrel commercial.
yes that's zostavax vaccination. . if u don't kno that is for herpes. . just bad nasty
rt username results of amplify trial showing benefits of hastag apixaban presented today at hastag isth2013 meeting in amsterdam where i have b…
username username username varenicline is regulated. it's dangerous and ineffective.
sildenafil can be used to successfully manage it in at least two-thirds of men, but we dont advice self-medication, ffbeepamed
so latuda is for people who are bi-polar, but a side effect is increase of suicidal thoughts. what the fuck.
username username username username username username username username username so now have pregabalin
username they hooked me up in er to iv n sent me home with cipro. i dont think they keep u here in ut?
r teratogenic drugs: major non-antibiotics tap cap: thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin
the man the spiriva elephant walk around at a county fair. it's so wonderful. love that elephant!
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
intensive perioperative treatment rosuvastatin has no beneficial effects  hastag esccongress hyperlink
username wtf for how long tamiflu is going to be conjugal holidays :)
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
q: what are the condiments for a cheesesteak? a: hmm. let me think...cheese. that's one. and probably imodium and cellulite.
vyvanse and seroquel hastag twothingsthatdontmixwell
username like clusters of thalidomide fingers.
username along the lines of treatments for rh. similar to embrel or lyrica  don't know why there would be unmarked pills
username welcome home hunnie, want some tea with that olanzapine ?
hastag bb16 note 2 future bb hgs b4 go'n n get a prescription 4 fluticasone propionate nasal spray u will never have a dry stuffy nose n bb house
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
slow down! you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial!
the list of side affects on those medicine comercials make me laugh. dont take victoza if your allergic to victoza lol 
i wanna' mess with geralt, but he'd ki-... wait does he have a gun? only guns and meridia can kill me!
fascinating overview of humira from username an injectable drug in a med device for home use (as maintenance dose). patients prefer this.
when your vyvanse kicks in during a long ass work shift &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; #15hours
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
tai cheau xuen lost her appeal after she tested positive for sibutramine and was stripped of her wushu gold medal.
i cant believe i juked mr.zometa in soccer ;o lol
username diclofenac (voltarol). i had a frozen shoulder once - it was murder. feeling your pain, wishing you better. x
username i don't do insulin at all anymore and only half the rx metformin i use to take yay!
the dude bob on the username xarelto commercial is creepy. his whole driving in the truck, not today thing weirds me out.
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hastag core
my partner is fluoxetine
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
hey, username not sure how plausible it is geographically, but you should get username on wtf. do iit. payment in nicotine lozenges.
rt username interesting read if you have as or any arthritis! -rt username enbrel the autoimmune era: interesting read ht…
oh dominique...you're making victoza commercials? im available for work.
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial.
username username username oxcarbazapine lacosomide and clobazam
i haven't had heart-burn since i got my dexilant re-filled, so i've been eating more spicy things.
username you could try coke, that's pretty much what adderall is.
back on oxycontin, oxycodone and now a steroid. shots again and possibly another mri. hastag wheee
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hastag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hastag ehraeuropace
so one username daen know what a 50ksh is..issorait *sips diclofenac
from username what is one of the most common herbals for erectile dysfxn? —&gt; sildenafil hastag toxthurs
username what do you know about victoza (meds)?
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
username woooo! i love prozac but i love bananas even more! :d
username quetiapine is a regular part of my nightly cocktail.
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
chuckling at my past hastag halloween costumes: dubya with a wmd, and bird flu (hazmat suit with feathers, syringes tamiflu glued to it.) yours?
eliquis and warfarin are two drugs on the market that have been approved and named for humans to take to fix something.  hastag wtftw hastag braincandy
basketball antara fakulti , please .
username taking that much imodium is gonna give you worse problems than that!
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hastag effexor hastag withdrawal hastag depression
probably shouldn't have taken those hydrocodone lunesta together. pretty sure i shouldn't have chased w/ rum. let's see how this turns out
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
username no. and i called the manufacturer for vimpat and i can get a $45 off coupon. which brings it to $579. the rest of our meds have
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
username username thalidomide survivors thank you rebecca and your team for all your support in the european parliament.
hastag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
doing my first interview with username researcher today tysabri patient. then back into hospital for more steroids
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.maybe thats why i allergic
97% sure i just saw meridia in a school uniform
username will do. infusion time is great. only 30min and no post observation. faster then tysabri and way faster then remicade.
username suboxone is much more expensive than methadone here. because of price, methadone becomes default choice for many.
it's all well good to say you're going to give this pt a geodon shot if he becomes violent, but it'd be nice if you gave him the shot.
getting ready to have $17,000 worth of tysabri pumped into me. just another day in paradise. : )
colestipol, cholestyramine, and colesevelam may be used for digitalis poisoning because digitalis binds to the resins. :) hastag pharmacology
i should really just finish my paper so thalidomide have to worry about it no more
username bruh ask me! i can get you samples of albuterol (: i have that at work
educating my class on opioids heroin today,. suboxone methadone clinics. confounded face
someone really ought to offer heather and date a lozenge. throats hurt vicariously. hastag karaoke. hastag reallife
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
just got home from the minute clinic. thomas, abbie and i all have the flu. tamiflu coming right up. shoot me now. see-no-evil monkey
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
i'm screaming eat the cake at the cartoon wolves in this symbicort commercial.
i have officially lost 1 stone since commencing on victoza! hastag win
username tell me about it i'm getting my cardio to increase my metoprolol because my heart is racing
sources say: divi's labs to supply api for ranbaxy's diovan generic
my mg is starting to act up again. three days without b12 and gabapentin is not a good idea.
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
username adderall had me like i dont even need you but hey im sitting next to you
username username should learn from how $biib dealt with tysabri withdrawal, whining like roche with avastin in mbc gets nowhere!
username username man, i sure am glad i don't have to deal with those meds anymore. zoloft and adderall are the shits.
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
update: potential new treatment for alcoholism: ezogabine melanie haiken, contributor panacea hyperlink
my therapist warned me about that and my current doc won't prescribe them to me but they work 220% better for me than trazodone
username it's a good thing you had your box of miralax handy to take a pic for me right?
username the chemical name for viagra is sildenafil citrate
trazodone plz
username did you like crush up a whole bottle of lunesta and add it to the blunt? lel
username people used to take acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird and people take prozac to make it normal.
lemsip is the vilest medication ever, except maybe liquid fluoxetine hastag fullofcold
i just need nicotine
username kiss a nigga taste that nicotine
username you should take one imodium and one laxative to see which one wins the tension is unbearable (old username joke)
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
my last pt is hypothyroid as fuck and she hasn't filled her synthroid since june. hastag smdh
to take lunesta or watch a movie.... hmmm
username ...i may just at this gentle, gentle man for a while, soothing, like a big gay lozenge... hyperlink
my cousin latuda needs to fucking stop jizzing all over my kitchen i mean i don't want to have any yo babes i mean damn
username about tysabri because the risks, but it was probably the best decision i've ever made with my ms! xx
recoveryworks launches a new evening outpatient group and a new suboxone support group today. call 858-530-9112 to change your life.
don't know how i'll feel this week no cymbalta until friday .. working down but will be on viibryd ,
grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide also make tramadol with sales £millions in uk/nhs. yet they refuse to compensate those disabled in uk
you make me want to take an adderall just so i can figure out what the hell is wrong with you.
there are durable and deep responses with panobinostat bortezomib dex. clinically meaningful hastag myeloma
anyone take lamictal/lamotragine? what dose? i take a minimum dose and wonder if that is normal.
arna ims numbers... 3/14- 7,045 - 5,529 more importantly, belviq works and that's what people are finding out.
victoza sounds horrible. hastag scarysocial
username username username perfect! so we have to pay: flight tix, train tix, gig tix and a night in a b&amp;b, right? seems good to me :)
text from hubby after his weekend away. 'i would give her a soother, but all i have is vodka and imodium in my suitcase. hahaha'
username albuterol is not an inhaled steroid. advair, singulair (pill form) qvar are steroids to prevent frequent asthma attacks.
cymbalta and coffee...breakfast of champions! nom. nom. mom.
honestly, i think meridia was the only one who could -truly- kill me. everyone else can just tear me asunder.
#7 tomar. chrtr dfects be damned, still there 4 sure. dem peeps r long gone neway, im fighting air memories. viibryd was suggested 4 fri.
it's been years since i felt this sick. come on levaquin and tussionex...work your magic.
should tamiflu be used in unvaccinated daycare pop to decrease viral shedding? no data out there currently hastag ioms2014 username
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
sildenafil and tenofovir are today's party drugs, for better or for worse, in any case, kids, do take care! hastag lgbt hastag hiv hastag prep
username surely edf is biggest with 58, and exelon after that. :)
crestor sounds like some kind of giant b-movie raptor.
former parma heights police officer mike bell accused of stealing vicodin, vyvanse oxycontin from police evidence room.
told them my medication runs out this week and isnt on repeat, which really bugs me, with it being lamotrigine i cant exactly go the weekend
in need of some prozac! !! these kids and their constant bickering drives me insane!
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
username so get the septrin, cipro and cephalosporins out (forget nitrofurantion) -hmmm i think not. nnt of 17, but what was the nnh?
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
vyvanse does some wonderful things for me
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
sitagliptin with metformin hyperlink
username my dx feb07, invasive lobular ca rt side. chemo/rads/arimidex. now stable on tamoxifen/ibandronate. morphine patches rock!
username give her some miralax !
username username physical dependence is not addiction. some people taper suboxone too fast. the fact that it tapers slowly is not bad
username i had paroxysmal afib, was taking metoprolol which did nothing, now taking 1200mg of magnesium daily. cured over 18 mos. now.
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hastag crohns
alembic pharma gets tentative usfda nod for memantine tablets
rt username person: you have crohn's? me: yep person: oh i saw your medicine in a commercial, i think it was humira  hastag no hastag no hastag no hastag no hastag no #…
antara kurnia mb oc 500 rf oh 2542 username mb oh 1836 saat fleet owner gathering 28 nov 2014 hastag bismaniaorg hyperlink
09:26am ventolin - halasan bazar tara king th. - 8(moon glyph)
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
see they nicotine lozenges you see on tele ? they work like a charm.
lying in bed listening to li'l pickle pot coughing in his sleep despite cough syrup and ventolin before bed hastag winterlurgi hastag poorlypicklepot
username username i need nicotine yo
username username so in other words, no, januvia has not obsoleted endocrinologists ;)
username nice recommend amitriptyline, duloxetine, gabapentin or pregabalin as initial treatment for neuropathic pain.
username username i took diclofenac 50 and codydramol 10/500 * 2, and had a stiff drink after. seemed to work lol!
username hey let's hope pregabalin better for us both! i had horrid side effects on gabapentin! hence the change in meds...
studies show tamiflu shortens duration of flu by less than 1 day and does not reduce hospitalizations. cost = $100. hastag notworthit
me too, when a greedy lawsuit took vioxx away it took the 1st med that helped my pain username username username username
some of y'all women should take latuda
username got a virus warning from this post about enbrel 25 mg syringe. pls check link.
psa raloxifene is this really nifty drug that binds to estrogen receptors except it blocks them in breast tissue
if it weren't for nexium i'd probably be dead in a ditch somewhere
backwards hats and all, jonesing for some taco bell because miralax is too expensive.
the fact that codeine is an opiate is enough to keep me from doing it. coming down from opiates is not the wave.
keeping enbrel cold on a 12hr journey....not fun! hastag alaska2014
username and i am not referring to cf inhaled drugs. i am talking oxy, ambian, xanex, prozac, lorazapam, plus the inhalers and biaxin so.
right now we have sort of moved into bortezomib based initial therapy without a phase iii. problem is al is rare-hard to do one hastag mmsm
society wants money for the same reason chemical synthesis of tamiflu is a legitimate use of time
scopes, scans appointments to attend. hopefully humira be back i better again. peace out for now im off to wage war on crohns. x x x
latuda doosen lol
watching a crestor commercial: maybe you have high cholesterol and plaque buildup because you're on a bowling league
username even though i used remicade, i always mute humira commercials because i hate hearing the side effects listed...
username username ...there was no effect of varenicline on smoking behavior. works for drinking, not so much for smoking eh?
y now it's time for the aranesp show starring bugs bunny. oh, fanny.
username username great piece and yes it is the forgotten thalidomide
i need nexium
-3 until username birthday...i'll buy him 1kg of apples...or a new ventolin inhaler...decisions decisions decisions...
ranitadine, co-codamol, ibuprofen, vitamin b tablets, loperamide and multivitamins. that wee cocktail should help my forthcoming hangover.
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
i don't know what i'd do without my trazodone. hastag insomniaprobs
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
i've got a neck spasm that is being very painful! ouch. heat diclofenac applied.  crying face
hastag fda reviewer: hastag xarelto does not address unmet medical need; use w/plavix will be an alternative not shown better than brillinta, effient
rt username username username oh oh oh oh! this is too fucking perfect...look up olanzapine...ola be curing mental disorders. be hea…
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hastag sacrifice
username looks like just oncology other than velcade and zytiga -- $102m up from $97m
they not supposed to say the metformin right? they're supposed to just show it to you after verifying its you
username i always see her and meridia at the disney store, but not as much at target
sildenafil citrate. world drug. now studied thoroughly.
username temazepam is great for sleeping, fun.
hastag ranbaxy rose over 8% in early trading after us fda said it had approved the company’s blood pressure drug diovan
username username found pregabalin very helpful. a lot of doctors still don't seem to know about its use for anxiety hastag bpdchat
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
windfall the attune los angeles precedence rentals associates: viox
newman: tamiflu effectiveness. no reduction in death, hospitalization, pna. nnt 33 for ex improve. nnh 22 hastag acep14
oh, that spiriva is too much $...how bout not buying cigarettes
username i'm on topirimate, lamotrigine and retigabine. i was down to 1 t.c fit every 3 mths but now the retigabine has given me 1/2
so i guess i'm starting memantine after my kidney function tests come back
username username username username thalidomide never approved in u.s., scientific consensus never said tobacco safe.
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
i coughed out my lozenge...sad.
some people find diclofenac good for period pains but i wouldn't recommend it at all.
blue skies, power goes out. thanks username i'm sure that merger with exelon is totally what's going to fix this crap. totally.
username the imodium worked.
ironic that latuda advertises bi-polar drug during hastag blacklist hastag hmmm
username *gives username olanzapine* let queen ola's powers of healing into your heart!
whenever i see/read augmentin, i instantly think of metformin not sure why hastag whoops hastag wrongclass hastag wrongindication hastag pharmacyprobs
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” ya heard? !!!!!
if i get lucky, i'll only be subject to the typical nuvaring failure stories my co-workers like to throw out there. hastag smh
username do you know if apixaban is trying to get approval for vte too? nice to rule here following european apporval?
pregabalin increase is fab. stupid ltr from council. call them b*stards then move on quickly to think hmmm pizza
those new enbrel commercials with phil mickelson are very believable. phil often shops in malls and airport terminals when he flies coach.
rt username if you take adderall or vyvanse and you don't have a prescription, i'm sorry, but you're an idiot.
by the way username isn't it artists like username username who av give u a job 4who they r! u need prozac or jesus!
username for non prescription- try some melatonin. if those don't help, ask your doctor to prescribe you something. i take trazodone.
it's about time to see a doctor.. couldn't breathe tonight at work and now i'm using a ventolin puffer to try to catch up when i can't.
remember to keep a spare ventolin in your bag for emegencies.
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
without insurance,i purchased so many lunesta with my discover credit card,travel to miami to come look for meds i have lost my credit.
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
i like ability pill lexapro busphar sometimes depakote and some other ones i just wish they'd give me valium s and darvacet or some,thing i
lipitor did about $150b in total sales. humira will pass that. hell, nexium still sells $5b. are hep c patients less deserving?
teratogenic drugs: major non-antibiotics tap cap: thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin
username geodon is used to treat schizophrenia.
rt username wait” *pops vyvanse*  now beer me”
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
username enbrel 50mg/15d worked as magic 4.5yrs now i'll try 3 weeks 50mg/week if flare cont mtx 'll be added to enbrel if not remicade
lmao rt username rt username pretty sure that song's about a nuvaring rt username baby, i can feel your halo.
username i feel that. my friend who got off heroin via suboxone had a similar experience.
and now i'm bouta b on some fuckin prozac
impotence young women what dose does viagra come in tadalafil tablets ranbaxy
the minute you share different views or dont agree with the negativity of a crazy person..ur an enemy..time 4 psyc eval + haldol, geodon!
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
restoril 15 mg... watched a patient go from angry face to sleeping face «@veeatesplash username ambien 10 mg»
username stop blowing dudes in the summer you gay barner and take a throat lozenge hastag rmft
username and a crestor chaser?
username spits out pinot grigio over ipad screen! flovent this!
as bicycle suboxone with socrates. a fart your answer? farted. cooking
username that is because it's all about the januvia and the metoprolol these days for that audience.
username especially when it's that good shit like adderall or oxycontin
username that's with citalopram btw, fluoxetine and metazapanine did not help me at all.
username no, it's a subconscious outcry for an adjustment increase to the prescribed dosage of paxil, i take to curb hastag ocd symptoms.
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
username it's worth trying, i think. pregabalin (similar) stopped me feeling like i was on fire when opiates only dulled it.
hmu i got that ditropan on deck
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
when the oxycodone kicks in smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes i see why there addicting now tbh. flushed face
username username well,they are now acknowledging that this was primarily caused by enbrel w/the diabetes just complicating matters
tonado further lung fuction and quality of life benefits with tiotropium + olodaterol respimat fdc in copd hastag ers2014 hyperlink
take victoza to improve blood sugar , but by taking victoza you may get nausea, vomiting, kidney failure, pancreas inflammation, hives ...
why they didn't call nuvaring boxingring is beyond me.
that bad that both ‘profen paracetamol aren’t lowering his fever. if it gets worse, then back in for diclofenac or paracetamol injection.
don't take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. wow.. thank you captain obvious.
somebody should slip miralax into a gatorade bottle and leave it for him to drink!
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
fluticasone propionate is fucking magic
$bdsi may become 2015 $endp target; if approved bema buprenorphine would be only schedule iii oral opiod, filling ~130m rxs: summer st: bfw
if the school is going to start offering us drugs in the vending machines, let's stock up on imodium i the dining hall please.
ah the lovely lyrica (aka pregabalin), it's great stuff. get well soon username
username i'm sad symbicort has nothing to do with symbiosis.
username username take your miralax ass somewhere else hun!!!
username thats one i haven't had. i am on cymbalta now. pristiq in the last. loved both. so good for me. but it's different for all
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
cymbalta can help u
bitches snorting adderall before the exam.. hashtag finals..
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
girl you need some seroquel rt username username is ugly
username oh ya i know. i deal a lot with reps. the new farsiqa reps have been fun. arguing with the januvia reps.
username we were diagramming outfield coverage with beer bottles, viox drank yours lol
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hastag needacigarette
username yeah am okay. had my tablets changed this week. i'm on fluoxetine 20mg now! was on 10mg citalopram before.
username i am planning to have mine in my 'london underground' mug. it has a map on it. i am going to partake in a 'venlafaxine'.
the have given jack people medicine. his antibiotic is amoxycillin and his pain relief is buprenorphine
shoutout to my brother username blowing up the networks w/his new crestor spot - a med near dear to my dad's heart! :)
rt username i think some of the low-hanging fruit has been taken by the entries that came before eliquis,” he said.
i swear to god, i have a candle that smells just like fluticasone propionate nasal spray.
username been on vimpat for just over a year now the other medication i take is tegrtol retard
my doctor put me on advair when my asthma was super bad.. that stuff work though
username gabapentin didn't help me either which pain meds help you xxxx username username username
woohoo! rx for cipro on the way!
did i just see brian vickers in a xarelto commercial? oh- nascar memories...
the guy on this januvia commercial uses the same bbq tongs as me.
username birds are effient . one whole, all purpose.
username not ready to raise your own little champions? ask your doctor if nuvaring is right for you.
true story: li'l baby lozenge woke up crying and the clock said 4:20 a.m., so i thought of you guys.
username lol no we have nyquil, it's quetiapine. its an antipsychotic that knocks me the fuck off.
if you get mad when people say 'merica take a cymbalta right now please
but why is her niece brushing her hair at a party? hastag humira
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
nice - just noticed the effects of the warfarin / enbrel cocktail. too yuk to photograph. face screaming in fear
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
it's early morning. time for tysabri no.46 at this sexy place :) they really need to build less depressing hospitals. hyperlink
it was a great day of competition at the exelon braidwood shootout! 32 games down, 48 to go tomorrow. games begin username 8am. championship at 7pm
you know pot isn't about medicinal use because none of them ever made a tie dye shirt or poster for their crestor or latuda.
i have a serious affinity for that orange crestor guy. like serious. i know we'd be bff's in real life.
la palme turns testimony to kevin horn, program manager at isaiah house to speak on suboxone treatment. hastag kyga14
username fda warns vs. unregistered diet orange juice with amphetamine, sibutramine
rt username the xarelto commercial during the today show is the highlight of my morning.
username avandia case. call reilly posner and demand your money. any members of the media who want the whole story send me a direct
female crestor but her breeding days are done hyperlink
username ...in that case please take some imodium
craving for tomyam again -.- feel like dying, it has the same effect as nicotine hastag exaggerate
username i've had dr. nancy geodon since 1992! she's kendall's doctor! we love her!
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
i need a prescription for oxybutynin so i can drink coffee on longer car rides hastag tinytank
someone slip labyrinth an imodium plus
username overdosing or just using? do you mean pregabalin as in lyrics?
username i was thinking this whole time how you were gonna try to go with all that oxycodone in your system
why do pediatricians only push miralax and not want to discuss diet or any other alternatives? it's not working for my kid at all!
never thought i would get paid to explain the difference between oxycontin and oxycodone to a judge, but here we are.
rosuvastatin dosage adjustment is required in patients with severe renal impairment.
rt username username username username mark can you take a prozac/cipromyl and fooking calm down. thanks
my actions on social media could probably get me a prescribed to adderal, what y'all think, vyvanse or focalin?
username take some imodium ad
new clues to link between ms drug tysabri and rare brain disease researchers report that they think they have figured out why patients...
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
sony should pack a bottle of paxil with every copy of last of us. loving it but so depressing.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
cs on cipla: launch of advair in eu earlier than expected
username $mrk claims 2b very confident glp-1s will continue 2b prescribed after dpp-4s so don't see a credible threat2 januvia franchse.
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
zoga is the brand name for sildenafil citrate, and is used for treating erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension....
username username you should start using boniva or prolia!!!
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hastag rheum
i'm just gonna go chill out, and take my prozac and geodon and drink a glass of water.
username username the proof is in the pudding i'm a tysabri patient last yr i was nearly bed bound today i walk and stand for 24min
namira, peryite, and meridia just grew up! hyperlink
merck to pay $100 mln in nuvaring contraceptive settlement
i like to take cialis and boniva together for a sturdier boner.
$lly lilly's once-weekly dulaglutide shows non-inferiority to liraglutide in head-to-head phase iii trial for type 2 diabetes...
.@notrevenant fortunately that room isn't required to win (it just connects crateria to maridia and i can just go there through brinstar)
diet pills make me so focused it sick - i need adderall to change my life i think
also literally how depressed nbc sounds now. let's get them some fluoxetine
username i've been reading the tweets.... mate, i don't wanna tempt fate! but i will have a pop!!gonna be on imodium from thursday! fearful face
blue roxies pink suboxone i tried stoppin
plaintiffs will try to show damages forgiveness constitutes large, unexplained payment and when generic nexium would have entered market.
today was screwy controled rx day: faxed tussionex, tussionex without a quantity, suboxone without a dosage form. hastag pharmacyprobs
username we still only use plavix, asa, and aggrenox as antiplatelets in stroke secondary prevention.
hastag tysabri was fine,  hastag patienttransport is a bit of a mare
username i take synthroid now as a thyroid replacement since my thyroid gland is gone.
exelon acknowledges commission granted pumc in 2 prior pepco rate cases.
&gt;.&gt; rt username cymbalta can help. rt@peachestweeted: depression hurts ...
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hastag crohns
just saying, they once considered thalidomide safe too. we know that it sure as hell isn't. hastag statins
we will answer any questions you may have regarding a fosamax lawsuit. 1.888.520.5202 or 1.713.238.7758.
antara bnda yg bikin sy jd malu when being asked is when it related to joint responsibility. this thought moved my ass up everytime.. hahaha
i'm starving they gave me miralax confounded face flushed face pile of poo
$frx throwing $240m at the schizophrenia market by acq saphris from $mrk. expect this mkt to be a growth mkt for a long time to come $rtrx
febuxostat is a xanthine oxidase (xo) inhibitor indicated for the chronic management of hyperuricemia in patients with gout.
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
dr tan: wow you need a ventolin inhaler.. beta 2 agonist eh? hehehehe me: nah man, i have one so i can look cool.
username they do... they're called zyprexa
other side effects may include coma or death. see if latuda is right for you.” wait wut
adderplex #1 natural brainpower smart study adderall xr strattera ritalin alternatives for focus, memory brain booster, adhd without drugs
bout to pop this mutha fuckin trazodone biyutch
username that's the hope! so here's to jeets taking enough boniva to survive the season.
perbandingan antara 3 kandidat head coach of the year award, ancelotti, low simeone. hyperlink
wehhhh i refuse to take ciprofloxacin again. drug of the devillllll
i force feed my followers lithium and paxil.
dinner is served now. no pictures tho. and imma chill and let this nexium take hold before i make my plate.
username everybody's dose is different. i have taken humira once/wk every other week in the past. remicade is usually every 6 wks.
username thanks amanda. quetiapine mode on.
hastag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hastag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hastag health
. username gsk promoted advair as a first line treatment for all asthma...when it was only approved for...long-term asthma.
i think its hilarious how everyone tweets me adderall pictures because they describe me perfectly
since 2008 fda epa approved safe smoking experience .... no tobacco, nicotine, odors, flames or ashes .... mjz hyperlink
ciprofloxacin 500mg tab xiv... s.2.d.d tab i p.c... what did p.c stand for? my perverted brain thought of 'post coitus' first hastag scumbagbrain
username vimpat is semi new i think and klonopin is an anti anxiety med. i think.
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
username thnx 4 da follow! dx in '99 on tysabri since '07
when my mom texted me in bio saying she was bring home miralax and prune juice i nearly cried
doc says will try to avoid surgery all we can.. but my options are running out my bowel needs chance to heal. humira/thioguanine work plz!
do not take prolia if you are pregnant guise
13- dad why do you take cymbalta? me- helps my mood 13- can you get high off it? that's my boy
username yeah, did remicade, now on a humira but not working, i got inf too had to stay opened wound vac
diclofenac is my new pink!
i don't know how name brand medications get their outrageous names.. like pristiq and
username username depression hurts, cymbalta can help...”thanks janelle” i gotchu
when my patients tell me they're suffering from constipation i tell them to take miralax pizza, in fact the pizza alone is sufficient. pizza
ok twitter. help needed. i've taken pregabalin and amitriptyline and pain is still there! what else can i take please??
i took three goddamm bottles of boniva and still broke my hip trying to twerk! thanks for nothing, flying nun my ass!
username username there have been deaths reported though nonetheless. not all suboxone is `film`` which is slightly safer, but
username ah! ask for a really big oral temazipam premed. you will laugh/sleep your way through the whole thing.
username do you have the buprenorphine ready?
username i do it do it with seroquel
i think i found my anti-nicotine. it is waaaaay healthier.
ventolin for breakfast hay this asthma
does anyone have a link to that anna jack meridia and rapunzel edit like the really good modern college one
username you'd be selling uloric ads in readers digest, probably.
username alendronate works in elderly. intended benefits are relevant. issues are compliance/tolerability and life expectancy&gt; 1 yr
criminal attorney 23.78 uk homeowner loans 23.71 vioxx lawsuit 23.55 compare life assurance 23.34 criminal de
username i currently take tramadol pregabalin sertraline plus when really bad fentanyl patches &amp;morphine solution tried loads! xxxx
these crestor commercials are disturbing.
moxifloxacin used outside of guidelines 71% of the time. doctors are addicted to new antibiotics.
cipro's nutter butter looks darn right delicious! username hastag perfectbiscuit hastag yum hastag snacktime
concept i'd whistle a lot. orchid faint. for corns machine. you win: boiling aranesp han john mccain britt robertson cdm fart
username an ugly bong at that. i read there were safety issues with exubera too but can't find specifics. i think pfizer play coverup.
i have to take my advair in 20 mins. and of course, with my luck, the ambrose and wyatt match is now, so it’ll still be going then. roar!
username feeling ok now. username gave him ventolin
&gt;feeling needy &gt;no alcohol &gt;no nicotine &gt;nobody near me i guess i've no choice but to cuddle my pillow and cry
username might want to give mattie may an imodium tonight ;) lol
perks of not bringing ventolin along urgh
username username username thank you so much for tuesday's show, no way would i have watched the thalidomide documentary without it.
username pag take loperamide besh
1. the athletic one this girl was born to kick your ass in any type of sport known to man. she fucks like a track star on adderall also.
username antara buku melayu dixi je kot yg i macam attracted. not to judge a book by its cover, but fixi's cover are gorgeousss
6:50 pm 10tv showed the spiriva elephant ad. he went for a ride in a convertible. he also went to a car show. he squeaked, i melted.
my life became unmanageable from all the gabapentin i was doing. i sucked dick for that shit for 2 and a half years.
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hastag tolerance hastag fml
popped a seroquel bout to call it a night
username we are expecting combinations like rosuvastatin 40mg with clopidogrel 75mg from cipla.
.@medicaldoctor99 - oral hastag belviq improves blood glucose independent of weightloss. arguably on par with januvia hyperlink
started the day w a johnny rocket bacon cheeseburger an adderall at pacific place wit username
i need cymbalta. depression hurts
viagra sildenafil blood pressure
username just had a look at my menu: every friday actonel username $10 a pop, then the annual shot of actasta due 30/01/2014. love injections;)
back on ciprofloxacin after just having been sick all over self and nearby surroundings. everest gi infection lingers on :-( username
username username nope i.got my nuvaring we are golden
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
nature's valium and prozac...my skylar! hyperlink
username you have a typo. it's pradaxa :-)
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
medicare patient with ra. monthly out of pocket for enbrel $500. monthly out of pocket for infliximab (remicade) $0.
username prez shoots like the fictional son in the eliquis commercial.
pt w/afib d/ced on eliquis; not covered by ins! pradaxa requires prior auth: took me 12 min on phone will cost $90/month!argh hastag primarycare
brushing your teeth on adderall hundred points
owl valley winery unites uninhibited albuterol elements and a sugary molasses aroma in their 2004 semillon. hastag السماوات
username username username i feel that neurontin might help, plus celebrex, cadian?, and serequel? hyperlink
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hastag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
username off the top of my head? no. bisoprolol, nebivolol, metoprolol m/r and carvedilol only iirc.
boniva thugs n harmony. hastag oldermusicians username
username username username ketamine lacosamide are a couple useful options i don't see mentioned here.
username username username username username username username username dr put me on cipro best thing for bronchitis
username nexium dene
this paxil pill has me on hastag cloud9 i guess it's better than stressing.
username i have cluster epilepsy the medication vimpat is quite new i been on it for about 8 month it work on electricity in the brain
mt username look what the xarelto rep gave me! hastag sunshineactfail hastag acc14 hyperlink /perhaps eliquis will cough up a lambo!
you know, if you actually read game of thrones you wouldn’t have needed that prozac smoothie for breakfast this morning.
rt username vyvanse just makes me love human interaction.
so far today i've accidentally called 911 (and had to explain to the officer who responded), and dropped a cell full of atorvastatin 20..
rt username lurasidone gains new indication for bipolar depression: the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) has approv... http:…
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
it's been a tranquilizing thalidomide relieving the emotional stress for a moment only to give birth to an ill-formed infant of frustration
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username found this 'you can also buy a short course of diclofenac potassium at pharmacies, without a prescription, for pain such as
username antara sone dan blackjack
username username latuda present and ready to tweet. hastag twilight hastag saturdaynight
huzzah. tramadol and cymbalta and restoril really are the only cocktail i need for my bipolar disorder.
hastag restlesslegs hastag quetiapine
username username betul ah, dia antara black people i meant the first black people tak gempak cam anjing main basket
after a 2 year break from tysabri, i decided to restart tysabri soon. d byrne
just heard username in the other room: them damn furries takin over mah symbicort commercials...
vyvanse script here i come
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
username i actually miss my hastag remicade infusions. im on humira now and that quiet time was really nice every 6 weeks.
rt!! username antara stay apa go away -_-
anti-depressant legal: have you or a loved one taken zoloft, depakote, or paxil while pregnant and had a child born with a defect?    you...
username ms boniva says hi hastag shadyboots
username only 6 weeks? piker :p jk how bad is the inflammation? are you staying on humira ldn and roids too?
if you want to stfu irl take a whole temazepam
that symbicort commercial is on! :)
username that did confuse me but i assumed they mentioned tiotropium later on and there was something else wrong.
listening to a young brother tell an older brother not to sell his suboxone on the bus stop. hastag belair&amp;north hastag iwantmyppl2befree hastag deliverance
username username username username take the crestor pa, i do.
i love seeing everyone on there adderall and vyvanse kicks this week. people are geekin' heavy!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
username i stumbled once on eszopiclone
latuda is such a funny name
i think we have consistently failed to utilize drugs to its full potential metformin after 50yrs stands today as drug of first choice for dm
username just enough to beat the wife? lol, what the fucks venlafaxin
rt username username hastag confessionsofaratchet gave everyone at some out of town party seroquel and waited till they passed out the…
metformin neglected as first-line therapy for diabetes the results of a new us study show that only 58% of individuals with type 2 diabetes.
username this is my 2nd floxing which does not help. the first was 1990 and did not know then either-cipro for pneumonia. told poss. m.s
i feel like a baby could fit through that. username biggest nuvaring i've ever seen hyperlink
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
username why would you clean it? i wouldn't got his ass a mop and some imodium
username hj for a lipitor. suck it for a boniva (i luv u username
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
tamiflu for morbidity/mortality:no benefit. nnt for symptoms (fever):30;nnh (vomiting) 22! - newman hastag acep14
making a thread sorting card out of an oxycodone box... hastag spoonie hastag craft hyperlink
ema rejects concerns about pancreatitis from januvia and similar hastag diabetes drugs. positive for $mrk, $nvo, $lly, boehringer, $bms, $azn
hastag vegasgr in dabigatran reversal hemodialysis/hemoperfusion is the best option.may consider ffp, pcc, cryo, feiba, recomb factor viia hastag foamed
lawd old miss cyrus boniva musta kicked in. he done turnt up bout bust jake's face wide open that vase lol! hastag scandal
according to the most reliable statistics, symbicort agnez mo play jazz wonder woman dog poo diet
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
exelon is throwin a pizza party for us tomorrow hastag hellyeah
username username fda approved vioxx. vioxx killed how many?? hastag cdcvax
janssen files eu marketing application for velcade (bortezomib) in mantle cell lymphoma [professional services close - up] ...
username (but honestly? an upped synthroid dose is gonna help lots.)
pregabalin (lyrica) plus weed is a real good combo. i've been so nice to people
the crestor superfan got another commercial?!!! there is no god...
username r teratogenic drugs: tap cap: thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin”
$thld after gbm data at sno looking forward to synergistic therapy with velcade in mm at ash. hyperlink
nippo report selfish jager bomb quick/easy/cheap way to social status: symbicort threw options in fungus pee dipstick cheddar beans
lol d song i have in mind, its too different.. dunno if others will like it.. i dey fear to record am lol .. nicotine would be on it too
username letak 'y' antara 's' and 'e'
how am i supposed to tell if i'm too sick to take my hastag humira if i never actually feel well?! hastag spoonie hastag rheum
username have you ever experienced the joys of temazepam (purely as research)
username it is a nasty drug. better to try crestor or be like me and eat healthy 3 weeks out of 4. i've had 2 heart attacks. no lipitor
do not mix ventolin and coffee together
username fluticasone (flonase) is a good first option
two patients today, both been on tysabri for four years or so had recent mri's results... no further progression and lesions shrunk !!
i do the same shit everyday i have to take my latuda
rt username username just started hastag enbrel shots again, praying for a miracle! /hope so too!
[dr. reddy's laboratories ltd.] announces the launch levalbuterol inhalation solution
i literally just dropped so many adderall beads all over myself and the bed and wanted to cry instantly
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
i always overestimate how late i can take an adderall and still fall asleep. hastag stillhaventgonetobed
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username wisma antara saaayy.. ayo siniii temenin gueee segeraaa!! i'm such a lonely lonely.. sooo lonely :((
username wow. big pharma is a multi- billion dollar business. i've tried rebif and tysabri before. third time lucky?
thankfully the new inhaler is working go with flovent for cough and the albuterol for breathing if given a choice.
allergic reaction to hastag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hastag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
getting cleared for surgery, dentist then tysabri infusion ? i need to go between today tomorrow hastag longday hastag msproblems
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
guess the local suboxone hole is running dry.
it's wednesday and i have yet to take out this nuvaring
username username abba? ok, i'll play dancing queen tonight as a theme. also, healthy is good. nexium is bad, very bad.
username i just started taking lunesta after years of sleep struggles. it's a game changer.
what death spiral? home renewables cant replace utilities yet: exelon ceo
username synthroid has that issue. lots of doc's don't like that generic. if that's what you're talking about.
if i see that crestor bowling commercial one more time, i'm gonna stab somebody in the eye with a #2 pencil! see-no-evil monkey kitchen knife skull confounded face dizzy face
username nexium
the hastag wiunion parasite to the rescue! more latuda for all!
don francisco winery entangles fruity leather undertones and a absurd albuterol bouquet in their 1995 semillon. hastag الارض
spotted this shirt in a belviq ad. hyperlink
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
pick-up line: hey girl, are u keeping up w your prozac prescription or are u just happy to see me
so the side effects of latuda are death, coma, and suicide. hastag howdidthefdapassthis
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
any suggestions on managing intractable arm spasms in crps? benzo's/baclofen/opiods/tca/pregabalin all unhelpful. s/c ketaimen works ...
these old men in traders are talking about their inr and i assume switching from coumadin to something like xarelto or pradaxa
how come tylenol hasn't teamed up with miralax to make a tylenol bm?
my dad needs some prozac
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
during the bird/swine flu scares in the past, a lot of tamiflu was sold and no doubt roche did well csl's fluvax became more popular...
i still need to study seretide and ventolin nebules all over again :(( remedial on monday! ruby ruby ruby!
username i did ecstasy on citalopram and prozac too... when i dropped on venlafaxine it would have no effect, so i'd skip my meds that day
username the infamous dabigatran vs apixaban rct - only reps know about it username
username oh god. i loved meridia because she did not need to be in a relationship. that will end fast for her
aggrenox discount coupon: aggrenox discount coupon. the relevancy of the to evaluate the advantages any...  hastag coupon
hastag aanam : hastag msresearch on combination tecfidera and interferon or copaxone -- most common side effects - diarrhea and abdominal pain
idk if mr. latuda got my text earlier but i have your computer charger. username
20mg temazepam only got me 2 hours sleep :(
going 2 yet another tysabri infusion 2day! 3 degrees here, freezing my ta ta's off! :(
hehehe ba-na-na! username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username it'll be fluoxetine.. the others don't match
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
username thanks, i decided to go back on olanzapine after trying aripiprazole for a few days, can you tolerate aripiprazole ok i hope
this new medicine called latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
seroquel is about to knock me outt relieved face OK hand
username username my own gp always prescribes temazepam instead of zopiclone, thinks it's much better. but last time i had them
rivaroxaban - compromised renal dysfunction also effects timing. (60% renal excretion) euro guidelines are more conservative. hastag asra14
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
who knows what sildenafil does??
username or some imodium to help him through the show
username rescue inhalers, always always have with u as i'm on xopenex proair when the xopenex ends was on albuterol.
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
first day interning at exelon
username i am currently carless was sharing with parents but gabapentin led to a ding. sains too, as can nevr get a full shop username
username username ibuprofen helps only slightly for me. i used to take darvocet until it got pulled from the market. been on 5mg of
rt username username because im 17, compose my own beats. lyrically im dope enough to assfuck the dude who made nicotine”who tf is
username username username username gabapentin seems to be common for ms pain but never helped me. only strong pain meds help
japan's takeda sues ranbaxy for breach of uloric patent in the us | cnbc-tv18
tysabri infusion time. so grateful my employer-sponsored health plan covers this life-altering ms drug. hyperlink
gabapentin always relaxes me but never takes the pain away.... so i'm now too relaxed to change positions even though it hurts...
major head and chest cold...and i'm missing my enbrel :-( sad sad day!
username نعم transdermal rivastigmine causes fewer gastrointestinal side effects than the oral formulation...
username yep rats everywhere. can't get z-cam otc either, it works. vioxx no different than other nsaids..
username yeah i'm allergic to plaquenil and ibuprofen won't help. ask for robaxin, lyrica and hydrocodone 10/325.
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
januvia has been a big, fat disappointment.
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hastag viibryd hastag bipolar hastag depression hastag ocd hastag meds hastag confusion hastag agitation hastag itching
wincanton double 225 viox d'eau 400 rior 16/1 username username
username i need to take olanzapine all the time probably, and that's the solution i guess
username i got crestor 10mg pon deck. we got no worries for the night.
username username , it's time to stop trying to be the hip mom. start taking boniva to protect your hip, mom.
on 175mg of lamictal. it is a slow trip to my goal of 400mg and my seizures are frequent, but i have faith in this drug. 5th drug so far
we're back at exelon wolf hollow generating station in granbury to train the rest of the staff. hastag cpr hyperlink
what are the top two things you never wanted to do again after your athletic career was over? ready go…mine: 1. vioxx 2. burpees
don't try taking a couple lunesta at 3 am and then try to wake up at 10 am. just doesn't work that way.
14th floor. oh, yars' revenge. also louie anderson and some indigo imodium ad.
busing from west side st peezy all da way to the mall to get to eagan to talk to my shitty psych about nothing. i just want some seroquel.
anyone know what i should expect from lofepramine? venlafaxine was quite a waste of time.
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
consider buprenorphine more often esp for bone pain. good safety profile. good in renal and hepatic impairment. dr davis hastag palcarecongress
i love the spiriva commercial just because it has the baby elephant in it red heart
rivaroxaban diary day 8. left knee is much better. right knee still painful. back ache receding but suspect it will come back once in bed.
username ugh its enbrel day, i should know better, wednesday is always a really bad day.
lyrica may cause suicidal weight gain. don't drink machinery or misuse lyrica unless it means everything to yo.
so amazing when meridia takes up way high hyperlink
username username there better be a fucking lyrica there....
finna pop this trazodone &amp;&amp; go to bed
username or slip him some suboxone in his doughnuts so he can’t get high.
time to take my giant glass of miralax ugh.txt
they upped my dose of synthroid to 88 mg wow
antara hs event dan sxsc..
just sayin, there's a linear indirect relationship between the amount of weed i have and the amount of prozac i need.
saxagliptin falls short in cvd outcomes study, savor-timi 53.
username when vioxx bextra were taken off market it was said all nsaids harm the heart. it's not a big surprise.
do you know, how long it takes for januvia to mess up the pancreas. we are scared. many lawsuits going on in usa.
life is like suboxone chocolate
maybe i just won't sleep tonight or maybe i'll take quetiapine and sleep for 14 hours looks like i'm gonna flip a coin
brb. depleting the worlds supply of fluticasone proprionate.
username if i wanted to i could find tylenol deaths. shouldn't drive on lunesta or ambien, and alcohol has ill effects, too.
odds are i am probably wrong on $aegr, but i can't get bull thesis to work for me. juxtapid is an important drug but picture seems inflated
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
salius pharma launces a new dermatophytosis cream and branded it as strobac plus(clobetasol,ofloxacin,ornidazole,terbinafine) in indian mkt.
username have they started a treatment plan? as a fugitive pharmacist, i suggest advair
anyone on insulin also take metformin or januvia to help break insulin resistance? hastag dsma
username lyrica 300 mg + tramadol 500 mg + baclofen/zanaflex/soma like 7-10 of those
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
no,i'm positive! you're like santa on prozac! in disneyland, getting laid!
username ooh bless ur heart. that tamiflu helps they gave it to squirrel last year when he had it. take care of urself girly!
i've been out of metformin for a little while. we can't seem to get my prescription transferred. my blood sugar's a liiiiiiittle high rn
it's summer and i find myself alone reading prozac nation hastag wut
username i take seroquel in day wanna be my friend have to reply to me for me to notice it i get free long distance
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
username the new ones are stronger than tysabri without the brain infection risk. they're finding people who are jc neg still get it.
username username i had gabapentin after a car crash. they're anti seizure drugs. is your dog looking chilled?
username not to worry. they usually give metformin some oc to treat that. and the oc treat acne too
oh ffs, i keep losing one pack of lamotrigine, and i need one of each &gt;:c *throws stuff about*
this nutso congress has earned me a nexium prescription. proton pump inhibitor. reduces stomach acid. and may penetrate klingon shields.
username username username r you seeing much more xarelto than coumadin then?
username how long until the sildenafil is cracked out? hypothetically speaking, for a friend, etc etc
username be careful! the flu is going around and tamiflu only works if it's treated within 48 hours.
osheee rosiglitazone :d username *adjusts my top* o ma seee.tell dem username lightskinned girls ain't overrated abeg. e joor oo..
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
$sny emphasizes differences btw afrezza and exubera $mnkd hastag sizematters hyperlink
hastag pavosic used bid in patients with neuropathic pain taking lyrica alone or with cymbalta: no adverse events were observed in these patients.
prim care doc’s fb pages could help make salad go viral, instead of prescribing januvia we could simply share on patient fb pages
i'm pretty sure the symptoms for cymbalta are worse than being depressed
username cymbalta doesn't help being a bitch doe
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
username i think most of it was related to the last sentence in the third paragraph re velcade being superior to revlimid.
$nflx fade now from near 440, was quite the reversal earlier, $regn fda acceptance of eylea injection sbla testing new alt here
taking imodium at the dentist’s. this bodes ill.
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
username i need some birth control but i don't know if i want the nuvaring or pillsnuvaring bitch raising hands
fluticasone spray being allocated? gotta be kidding me... hastag fml if this wasn't ever a ploy to steer patients to nasacort otc...
username i'm just wondering how much quetiapine i can take in one go to knock me out???
ring ring. hello chairy. spiriva software p.e. nordstrom raw mass effect. we hope to take a trip to ambro.
ema deciding that januvia and other glp-1 related drugs don't deserve new warnings strikes me as a big deal. $mrk
lol okay now ima pass out. shouldn't of taken seroquel, oh the fuck well.
username i have continual pain in my feet. i am on lyrica and cymbalta but have to take hydrocodone at bedtime or awake all night. :-((
username flovent the purse
nexium trial: defense (agreements often signed at same time) vs plaintiff expert (licensing deals like this as rare as hen's teeth).
username total 6 yrs on humira. been on 2 wkly for the past 3 mos then wkly but 1 shot for a 3 yrs now.
username username the only one you probably wouldn't is nuvaring
tell your doctors you're taking xarelto
naproxen has the least cardiovascular risk among non-selective nsaids, ibuprofen and diclofenac has the most
so 25mg a day of quetiapine... anyone know if i'll notice anything in the first few days? i'm a bit scared that's all
i was in bed 7 hours ago yet i'm still up loudly crying face i need some fuqqin lunesta
username copay on advair was $215 a month, they won't budge. now that i'm off the private insurance and using the state provided (c)
username username adderall
has anybody seen this victoza commercial!!?? the majority of the commercial is about the gatdamn side effects!! shit!
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
username username the nuvaring is my source of estrogen and progestin, dipshit, and not everyone can drop everything get surgery
username a short ten-day oxycodone (not oxycontin) dose for the worst of the pain is all that should be given but most docs go further
cvs ran out of adderrall and vyvanse due to finals week demand
a 100-proof albuterol finish and continental ketchup elements are intertwined in the 1994 cabernet from oak meadows vineyards. hastag ad
username if you did the conversion, you would see belviq 2xs a day likely beats chantix handily. not wondering at all. buying.
username username i'm being migrated to cymbalta from lyrica. i wish i had never touched lyrica. why should i not go on cymbalta?
ugh - i ran out of lunesta and sleep doesn't seem to be happening for me  unamused face expressionless face crescent moon
rt username even when i have nothing to do i feel like i should take my vyvanse so i don't feel so worthless hastag unproductive hastag vyvanse…
username username its not the states job to evict those at the bottom of the ladder. again advise loperamide
username the good old trusty imodium lol
maybe it's the good weed, maybe it's the nicotine
take your adderall and you just go go go all day OK hand
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
username username lyrica already used linca to inaugurate uni. unless i have a catastrophic error however, lyrica is still an amateur.
i think lozenge is such an underrated word
pretty sure i need to be prescribed to lunesta
antara bosen atau something -_-
well anyways i just took miralax and 2 sleeping pills so i hope i don't shit the bed haha
may your week be short and your exams filled with lots of coffee and adderall hastag happyfinalsweek
hot cheetos, coffee, and adderall - am i healthy yet or what?
my dog was put on xanax yesterday. if that doesn't work, they are gonna out him on prozac. mmmmmkay.
ventolin is common for the treatment of asthma.loperamide is antidiarrheal.
we're celebrating the anniversary of winning freedom for poland today or are we? brains in cages, virtual money in the banks, prozac society
username there are some other ones. i take trazodone, but it's not a really common one. and work is part of it, but i've always had issues
no difference in pancreatitis or pancreatic cancer with saxagliptin or placebo in hastag savor-timi 53 - dl bhatt hastag esccongress2013
fda gives example of avandia as rare case where black box was removed at chantix adcomm.
i also start victoza soon...and i'm not looking forward to a new set of side effects.
username stay positive bro. hey did you check into getting that humira free from the abbott company?
username yea i'm on humira as well after 4 years of remicade. hope everything works out for you!!!
paxil can be fun, or so i heard. rt username username yeah...zoloft is great...
rt username the early bird got the worm because he took vyvanse.
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
username it keep fucking missing and it doesnt learn any multi hit moves theres is no effient way to train it i temember why i gave up
my ventolin inhaler never works
hastag phoenix police said brisbon was carryin a vial of oxycodone pills, a semi-auto handgun jar believed to be marijuana were found in the suv
excellent discussion of refractory asthma by dr maselli. tiotropium useful in severe peds pts? promising data in teenagers. hastag chest2014
the fda has approved over-the-counter flonase allergy relief, or fluticasone propionate 50 mcg nasal spray, for treatment of hay feve...
username saphris hope it continues to work.
we have a concern from a member,  have you been advised to stay away from children with chicken pox while on tysabri ?
2. valsartan dose 100 mg bid is not equiphysiologic to enalapril 10 mg big. val 80 mg big would be.
depressions hurts. cymbalta can help. where's my cymbalta?
anyone got an efavirenz connect?
codeine addicts looking at this loperamide shortage be like hyperlink
username maybe you should ask to try trazodone. usually works well for people and its non-narcotic.
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hastag endometriosis
username i've been told as much, the main reason i got seroquel on top of it was to have a more immediate effect
the faces meridia was making &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username hey is that you in that nexium commercial? trying to settle an argument. btw z nation rules youre the best thing about it
cnn - diabetes is reversible. glaxo-smkith-kline settles avandia lawsuits for $3 billion, found to increase mortality rates
who is that kid in the crestor commercial because damn.
bupropion zyban and varenicline chantix hastag mdfeels
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
username me relax ~ miralax
in what fucking world does lamisil come before lamictal in the fucking alphabet??? you have one job to do techs, quit fucking it up!
brisdelle just seems like repackaged paxil. paxil was a walking liability. (me thinks) hastag hopetheyhaveacrisisplan
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hastag venlafaxine hastag day15
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
just called a suboxone clinic for work and it turns out they have special hours cause they are also a spa,weight loss clinic,and hair salon
username i wish i could give you a throat lozenge
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hastag badheadaches
username username sad but over aggressive marketing of juxtapid will probably make it more difficult for true hofh to get covered
username just got home. mine is apparently pretty serious allergies that are on their way to a sinus infection. got some cipro...
username denosumab is in phase iii study for myeloma patients with hastag bone disease - full review on the latest treatment
not even an adderall could make me want to do this homework right now
today's biology lecture is on thalidomide and has several subjects who have no arms. i can't take these feels hastag katawashoujo username
prescribed medicines shipping-viagra,cialis ,levitra,kamagra jelly, xanax , valium, mtp kits, diazepam , adderall xr,xenical, zolpidam etc
username clearance sales. 200mg sparfloxacin x 6tabs for n100 each and 500mg levofloxacin x10tabs for n150. call 01-2901514
username username username prozac before tweeting bro. the comments were ignorant and racist. just saying the article...
username yeah i threw up my first day on pristiq bc i wasn't used to having to eat before taking them lol
username she needs to be on synthroid or something oh goodness she's gonna mess up her body ;____;
is the giant guy in the tamiflu commercial shitting in his bathtub?
lovenox would cost me $800, xarelto not covered by anthem
mel just said she's crapping water. hopefully imodium is one of the prizes. hastag imaceleb
username i'm taking ciprofloxacin 2 times a day. tapos coldrex.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
actually i am in between dilema juga antara exo and infinite hahahahah!!! #2014mama
tonight was a cardiac event/gunshot/gi/more geodon please party in the er.  lots of excitement. hastag erproblems
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
username thanks. loperamide helps too
username i haven't taken an actual sleeping pill in years. at 14 they gave me lunesta and i abused it. so it's been 6 years
i'm losing my voice at the username dragon expo! hastag lozenge
username meridia sucks.  any underwater zone is worthless to me.
username loperamide bes
i'm supposed to be reading about celecoxib and all the other coxibs. been watching friends since 2pm. lord.
username wow - what a twist for sure...humira was the winner but kayvan got the franchise... hastag bethebosscanada
username i've tried lunesta and melatonin pills to sleep. idk what's wrong with me lol hastag itsallgoodthough
it's so cute. my grandparents laugh at the tamiflu commercial with the giant and it's adorable :)
that awful hour before your vyvanse kicks in where you do everything possible except what you need to do. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
verb complex and extraction clobber in point of fosamax: .wtf
username its baclofen, the science is interesting, the results are interesting, have you tried suboxone therapy?
nice non committal on anti-neuropathic s. pregabalin off patent soon. damage was done with previous guidelines. cost pct millions.
username lovely. docs are afraid to tinker much due to seizures now. as am i. today tysabri was ruled out for me. and surgery. no options.
and obama's deal w/big pharma made the much more exp tysabri affordable (i think - wait hear from ins) he increased healthcare costs-
and i'm coming off a 20 hour adderall binge so i don't think i can physically make it to my next exam :-)
username just dropped my adderall my coffee fml
username i heard enbrel works.only problem is u may get tuberculosis or plethora of cancers like lymphoma.but definitely worth it..i guess
mom i need the nuvaring so i can get laid her reaction killed me face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username well, now she makes $30 million a year endorsing victoza.
username i have expired tamiflu and a lot of bourbon
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
username thank u. i will do that. we r considering hastag enbrel. any experience with it?
username oh yeeah, i had those on pristiq not so much on effexor.
finally found the trazodone ! adiosss victory hand
researchers to study effectiveness of atorvastatin in preventing heart problems in breast cancer patients
username i was using zelnorm when i was younger for irritable bowl sydrome but they took the thing off the market! lol
lunesta works, but then id have to go to sleep earlier
the guy in this movie is on trazodone, abilify, seroquel i'm just like wow you're just like me
hastag getwellmileycyrus hastag mileycyrus hope you haven't been hastag floxxed by cipro or levaquin watch your tendons!
username hastag adderallhadme having a perfect bracket” dude next march, i'm taking adderall so i can figure out the perfect bracket!!!!
cymbalta can help me
apparently for an unexpected good night's sleep, red pepper hummus and triscuit is better than lunesta and valium combined. knocked me out!
bacteriostatic antibiotics disrupt dna replication, (the bacteria are not killed but cell division is halted) e.g. ciprofloxacin
username can u plis manage viox i will pay
mri, bloods, scope booked in. 4weeks of anti biotics, back to 30mg preds. humira probably being brought back in as a combo treatment (yay)
username depression is stupid. cymbalta can't help :i
username careful with the party poppers - make sure imodium has kicked in first
saphris tasted like death
username username i’m only t-rex when i’m mad. the rest of the time i get called kangaroo or thalidamide baby.
username 1st sign of decline for username . start taking that namenda now.
the belle dey smart, loperamide 6mg. hehe, who u won shame?
username the duloxetine is meant to be the alternative. i'm willing to try anything tbh. i've been asking for acupuncture for years
didn't give metformin before pt was transferred to floor. rn wrote incident report bc had to hold med and give sliding scale uh. expressionless face
username me too, now. moved over to latuda
antara study dengan arrow the flash?
i think i should take a tablet of gnc burn 60 and go off for my late night jogging. chronic fatigue sydrome sucks. fluoxetine didn't help.
up all night'-')@niallcrews id: hastag askdirectioners di antara album2 the boys, fav kalian apa?? hastag mtvstars one direction
username adam rocked his presentation at amersa! harm reduction agency clients need options for buprenorphine tx. hyperlink
metronidazole and levofloxacin along with my prescription antibacterial mouth swish ... yeah, feeling a bit green and queeeeeezzzzyyyy
latuda isn't right for everybody, if you experience explosive diarrhea while taking latuda, please call your doctor. username
i bet pierre is sitting between the benches crying and eating prozac like its candy. hastag homer
username depression sucks. hastag nosleepfordayz” cymbalta can help.
gotta thank the lord for the weed and the nicotine, i can't sleep close my eyes and see wicked things
username hastag doctors don't even understand why hastag humira works on 7-8 different diseases so they r often baffled by its side effects.  hastag crohns
username sorry full of cold completely forgot to check bout the victoza anguished face i see your feeling a bit better, which is good
so you knocking that thang out...just take it out lol ..but nah nuvaring is whack
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
rt username hastag fda expands use of sunovion's latuda in major depressive episodes associated w/ bipolar i disorder hyperlink
username trapper needs vick, not the caller but the lozenge.  hastag smackoff
imogen: i'm getting high off cat prozac me: okay then...
is this a nuvaring rt username i want one so bad loudly crying face heart with arrow hyperlink
username username symbicort rescue inhaler are life
lunesta = ready for bed. finally. -crash-
the intas' etanercept biosimilar has got approval and is set to launch in 2015. hastag biosimilars2014
bae: come over me: no, i'm sad about having thalidomide bae: i bet you're up in arms me: we're over
username magical american k.o. sauce. i had temazepam somewhere
also the lamotrigine dose feels a bit high too now the o is leaving my system. will have to adjust that as well or i won't sleep *sigh*
username thanks caz but i was on dutasteride before you and i think my regrowth done. still using minoxidil though - just in case :)
rt username libolo? rt username sibumbu ? *shaya livalo, same time* username username username there's bo in the middle*hide…
atomoxetine username 2. which of the following cns stimulants is used in management of depression? a dexamfetamine b atomoxetine c none
username mo regs just changed so we can give hep a/b, tdap plus flu, meningitis, pneumo, and zostavax on protocol.
username covers tamoxifen and raloxifene and apparent under prescribing. hastag pharmacy hastag branding hyperlink
username nexium is over the counter now
i love phil mickelson.. but i can't take his latest enbrel commercial seriously.
the analgesic tab cataflam is faster effective than voltarin due to potassium salt form as the diclofenac release in git not duodenum
username thought i was going to have to call the ambo's for awhile there. loads of ventolin and antihistamines.
did i just see murphy in a nexium commercial??? username username hastag znation hastag znado
iv narcotics in ed for pe - admit will not tolerate pain at home and will bounce back if discharged home on lovenox vs rivaroxaban hastag saem14
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
that is not an inhaler.. that is advair aka an oral steroid. i've been taking that my whole life.. hastag growupaviva hastag rhony
username i saw a commercial for tamiflu today. i thought of you.
finna take seroquel !!!!
username interesting. liraglutide has shown some anti-inflammatory effects in humans rodents. username username
username cymbalta can help u oh
other drugs orlowski thinks is interesting is novel akt inhibitor check out the study outcomes on this.. may overcome bortezomib resistance.
username i used to take vyvanse but i just switched to focalin pill
username am read? aww yes dang diet and exercise. i've heard actos n januvia dont work well either.
thank you advair folded hands
username lol, brown is either beclomethasone, fluticasone or budesonide. anyway, it has to do with the right product, and the right dose
username it's amazing what they can do these days! i think just behind yours, the tysabri is effective too!! my recovery has been
username colonoscopy prep ? i usually just do miralax with gatorade
apparently username thinks i really need eliquis because that's the only commercial i've gotten on demand for two weeks straight.
username hastag brisbon knew he had illegal oxycodone pills.just give up! your caught! why run, struggle, fight wth a police officer 2 get shot.
lisdexamfetamine dimesylate demonstrates significantly faster response, greater reductions of core adhd symptoms than atomoxetine in study…
username username i like humira. works for me so far
username username kes all but lived on miralax and suppositories for awhile there.
username yeah, i bet. i think i may just consult a guide for all of maridia cause i'm lost
why is it that we can sue over viagra and vioxx but not vaccine damage? username username username username username
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hastag noshame hastag wheresthepoop
enbrel helps ur pain&amp;also helpsu gain weight from the looks of phil mickelson or maybe he feels guilty giving $2 hastag rightwing christian causes
i thought my nuvaring came out. i told ced to search his room and bed weary face weary face weary face . this mf does it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy . he so slow
the pristiq commercials during the snl’s broadcastings in hulu always sounds to me as if it were part of the show. what a crazy copywriting
honestly, the guy's son in the eliquis commercial has the worst basketball shot in history. it's disgusting. he should be embarrassed.
username most of the inhalers r albuterol, but some also contain a corticosteroid. advair is one of those doubled-up drugs 4 better control.
a pet peeve: people calling wikipedia wiki and gabapentin gaba. (gabapentin is not even gabaergic despite the name. :-p)
ventolin is riding shotgun.
1:17 pm wsyx showed the xarelto ad with the retired couple who travel with their dog. they treat him with proper loving care attention.
username i've only tried the nuvaring before, i liked it. i don't do well with needles lol
i'm gonna need an rx for some buprenorphine once chestnut praline is gone bc its gonna be a serious withdrawal + cravings hastag sbux hastag notanaddict
metformin works by reducing glucose release from the liver not an insulin sensitiser : ewan pearson hastag rcpediabetes14
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
username well i'd guess you'd be in belle viox too if i am
username i was on that, coumadin 1150 of heparin in the hosp, i'm but xarelto and aspirin but if the pain in my lung this morning
username many hastag patients consider vioxx a miracle drug. let academia perform an impartial study.why throw out the baby w/ the bath water?
rt username release of eliquis blood clot preventer story - reuters ...
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.eat bananas ppl
username i was on remicade for over a year, ins policy changed now have to fail 3 self injectables, humira fails next week exp same with 3rd
this eliquis ad is just subliminally telling kids that having an abnormal heartbeat is a bad thing. we shouldn't force normalcy.
hastag rumainbrisbon was reaching for a bottle of oxycodone pills when a hastag phoenix police officer shot him because he felt threatened. really?
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hastag vyvanse hastag add hastag damn
username idk like hmmm hyperlink and im rlly short!
username username username i'm telling you man, nothing worked for me. nexium is the truth. i have to take it every day.
does anybody want to buy some yorkshire duck paté? tamiflu extra. 200€ genail. hastag backinthefridgeagain
cymbalta isn't trustworthy.
username username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hastag eva#
ima pop that ass like a prozac
a bizarre albuterol aroma and hedonistic marigold flavors are entangled in the 1999 pinot noir from acme winery. hastag algo
sorry eliquis commercial, having fatal bleeding as a side effect is a deal breaker for me. hastag howisthatbetterthanbeingsick?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” i am happy rn
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
hastag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
username ahh son, i hear from meridia you've been raising an army?
pretreatment with effient found not beneficial
i got confused with temazepam and twitter ... twittezepam the new hastag drug of choice for hastag sleep hastag twitter hastag sydney hastag gay
username username oh i'm on sertraline and trazodone
tewksbury, massachusetts: the oxycontin or oxycodone is an opioid analgesic very powerful.
i need a seroquel
i gagged on a nexium spit a mouthful of water into my slipper. :-/
cymbalta can't help
username it's just so ffing weak. when the times uk exposed thalidomide in 1972 they exposed their own investors and lost 60% of revenue
jus saw a drug-lawsuit commercial n the names of the drugs were: byetta, januvia n victoza. my mind immediately went 2a set of projects
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
username username i hear efavirenz and amphetamines mix well.
somebody really made a twitter for adderall face with tears of joy skull
this is not a drill, this is an emergancy. i need vyvanse.
jc negative for another year and finally sorted the dilemma of my freakishly sensitive skin! hastag blessed hastag goodnews hastag ms hastag tysabri
username username iand i'm on lamictal vimpat potega
username when i tentatively discussed maybe coming off olanzapine, my psych advised 5 years on meds, that was 3 years ago
still also on viibryd and lorazepam though. but noo i also have rispendal. three medications.
pfizer agrees to 190 million neurontin settlement why dont you go home to whore island with pfrice pfister pfearless pfaucet
swatch lukewarm b.o. watch prison break not let's pickle profuse they're always hamster as sweet doo vesicare sellout contest
time to turn my attention to upcoming business: 1. my fantasy camp 2. victoza ambassadorship 3. cont sneaker education 4. fantasy camp!!
username if you ever get bad again, ask if your doctor would recommend humira or infliximab, both are awesome :) x
username i have a few extra fluoxetine pills they can borrow...just 10mg, it won't hurt
20% dehydration causes depression 40% dehydration causes schizophrenia seroquel 300mg cost the nhs £178 so they're not gonna say drink water
hastag tecos trial investigating hastag cv outcomes with sitagliptin in 14,000 type 2 hastag diabetics will complete dec 2014 - r chilton hastag esccongress2013
ugandan study confirms efavirenz significantly reduces efficacy of contraceptive implant - but nevirapine is ok hastag hivglasgow
this pristiq shit is garbage. litter in bin sign
latuda sound ghetto as fuck, i wouldn't take that medicine lls
am snack: 12 hour sudafed b-complex 1000mg vitamin c antihistamine delsym shots of fluticasone propionate ready 4 some football! hastag beardown
lmao i like this xarelto commercial where the gps tells the guy to turn left and he's like i don't think so. uh then you will get lost sir
i will never get a nuvaring because fixing a wedgie is hard enough in public
if you were me would you take a vyvanse right now so you could clean your room and remain alert when you go out tonight?
username because it made great sense for novo nordisk to hire paula 8 vats of butter deen for a diabetes drug in the first place victoza!
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
advair: asthma medication,works like albuterol but is long-acting. its effect can last up to 12 hrs, ask ur dr. what's right for u
i just read neurontin ingredients. your basically using iron to absorbe or disrupt electrical impulses in the brain.@loveline
you know what i think is seriously messed up is the law that states in a mass tort lawsuit like the avandia case that any liens for hospital
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
tylae. get your shit together!! joe it is! i took imodium this morning!
bill clover, exelon mgr(rm) is your doc ctrl/cm kaos or control?  hastag nirma2014
username yup i agree on that point. januvia aint getting 7% price increases. no comment on pkan.
watching castle and all i can think of is that the perp is puffing way too much on his albuterol inhaler. his heart would freak!
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
when you see a funny name for a medication.. like.. latuda! lmbo! my brother and i have laughed for a while because of the name..
username nexium is seriously a miracle pill it works so good. it is a bit costly but worth it.
not bringing home any adderall was a bad idea. someone bring me an iv drip of caffeine.
judging by my grades this semester, my best writing happens when i've consumed enough adderall caffeine to sort of black out all night
new swot analysis: second-gen anti-epileptics eg keppra continue to dominate, but third-gen drugs eg vimpat will be a contributor to growth
any diabetic peeps with experience of victoza medication ? username
username study title is... efficacy of quetiapine for impulsivity and affective symptoms in borderline personality disorder
$gild first-line combination of ambrisentan and tadalafil reduces risk of clinical failure compared to monotherapy in pah outcomes study
boniva thugs n harmony hastag oldermusicians username
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
has anyone taken vimpat for pain?
username has reason been found for justina's condition? did she take cipro, avelox, or levaquin when sick once-used as antibiotic
username ehemmmm rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
anyone have any suggestions for tight chest and unproductive coughs? already on mucinex, albuterol and advair. fuck this garbage.
who names a pill latuda? i gotta take a latuda
what are the hastag sideeffects of lamotrigine? hyperlink hastag drug
username rosiglitazone = *potential* win for the theory. big failures = aspirin nsaids, tnf inhibitors (eg, infliximab), etc.
username username and never waste your vesicare meds on someone with a normal urine stream.
username acid, and 20mg oxycontin twice a day for the neuropathy. gabapentin helps the neuropathy too, but nothing to scream about
username not at all! i'm an open book. paxil, klonopin and xanax
i don't know about you, but i like to start my day with a hot cup of coffee, some thyroxine, naproxen, colecalciferol and sorafenib
indian drugmaker ranbaxy still has exclusive rights for nexium generic: ceo
guy in front of me at cvs buying imodium a.d. and condoms. he's about to have a great or horrible night. explosions imminent.
do not exceed rosuvastatin 5 mg when combined with cyclosporine...
rt username novartis starts phiii trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel.. $nvs says now has 7 biosims in trials hyperlink
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
gon' treat myself to a temazepam and go to sleep now, goodnight
rt username jbjs case connector: bleeding risks associated with pradaxa carry potentially serious orthopaedic consequences hyperlink
i spent a year taking metformin for pre-diabetes that i never had because hastag diagnosisfat
listening to how the thalidomide tragedy of the 1950's changed regulations of pharmaceutical testing relating to reproduction. hastag bts
username no joke!  hastag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hastag tecfidera :)
ok username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
you will not die if you have generic atorvastatin instead of lipitor.
username only the atrovent is available for nebulizer, flovent is only an inhaler and unavailable for nebulizer.
humira adalimunab. xeljanz tofacitinib. does big pharma take its drug names from tolkein characters? or the weekly word jumble?
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
username refer to my avatar. you boleh order design antara 3 tu from my prev tweets
nigga!!! this latuda comercial is to much these side affects are juss way out
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
hypochondria+cyclothymia+lamotrigine+himym+finals+wifi+no food in my house+being home alone for 3 days straight= i'm dead
username hastag hcsm i start hastag chemo on tues b/c of hastag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
i don't want a fucking behavorial specialist! i want a pain management doctor that prescribes oxycodone a pulmonologist for my asthma!
username yes. you poop more and feel much better. i had a colonoscapy and then my doc told me to do the miralax daily
username i would love to be the technology coordinator! thank you, will h. and i would like to be the survey specialist! thanks, ella.
username username if adderall doesn't work, try vyvance or concerta or focalin. those are the ones that seem to work the best in general
a fine line between fosamax and liplock
and why do i wake up after 2 hours antsy as hell!? trazodone please kick in rigt meow
username got the chills watching an apixaban commercial
went grocery shopping this am, since we are boycotting everything, all i got was bread, juice miralax hastag gcwayday
i need some damn cymbalta then i guess ..
also is that joanna gleason doing the voiceover for the spiriva commercial? hastag random
username so you could have effient time to study inbetween
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
username oh really. humira was only available here as of 2008. must have been diff. in the us. oh, i see. it must be more effective.
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
username oh baby ive been playing hard.... im not sure w/ the lyrica tho hahahaahahahaa
username ripping yarns at 10? really? thanks for the tip off! *gives each child temazepam laced quality street*
$exc alert: new exelon corporation sec filing from our stock news alerts app
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
username username why would i lie about my patients being on suboxone or what they do for a living? how would that benefit me?
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username is it? or will it be exubera all over again?
username man go ventolin hookah edition
i just saw a commercial 4 crestor (cholesterol meds) they try 2 convince u diet exercise isn't enuff. hastag shame hastag noexuses hastag veganproblems
things no 19 year old should be excited about except i am: finally starting enbril!
username do you take cocodamol and tramadol too? i'm on 16 pills with ibs things too plus pregabalin etc. i rattle.
going into week 5 of a nasty cough. dr not sure what's causing it. trying advair and prednisone now. i want to be healthy again!
morphine, pregabalin sleeping tablets....yet still i am wide awake! enough drugs to knock out an elephant, but not me! hastag sleepdeprived
it's ironic that the symbol for the sleep medicine lunesta is a butterfly because butterflies don't actually sleep frowning face with open mouth hyperlink
tofacitinib citrate or xeljanz : the medicine that may become a god blessed miracle for me hastag letthisbethecure
username yea, a psych about a month ago when everything kick started&amp; my doc acouple weeks ago,i had to also, put me on cymbalta xox
oxbridge news: cambridge university battles ‘evil twins’ thalidomide scenario: advanced technology from cambridge university research...
$lly's dula matches $nvo's hastag victoza but fails to beat in head-to-head - will drs switch patients or will victoza keep dominating? hastag diabetes
dr. this is our intern fatimah and she will give u brief introduction about lacosamide , me:who's fatimah ?? dr.you. me:me !! ok ( pouting face )
i'm just glad i finally have a handle on my bipolar issues. cymbalta for the win!  hastag beencrazy
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
username username your fave vioxx is in there. flushed face
rt username bob used to go to the doctor a lot,but since he started taking xarelto with his evening meals and killing hookers,he's fee…
curious to see why edoxaban noninferior vs superiority seen with apixaban and dabigatran. hastag aha13
i haven't had a relapse since i started taking tysabri in march 2009. pretty awesome.
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
went to ask about getting a prescription of advair and the lady looked at me and said to use for?......uh breathing?
any day can be improved by quetiapine. or heroin.
somebody please get her a throat lozenge.
username could be worse. hastag dabigatran
patient with hastag psoriatic arthritis who ran 10k in 37 minutes. i might just go on enbrel myself... username
username hoping the enbrel has come in time to stop the need, but i fear not really.
unfollower a pathetic albuterol aroma and 150-proof parsnip undertones are intertwined in the 2009 white pinot from pepperoni vineyards. ba
rt@democritusjnr: rtlafulegebyqed: rizzo winery combines toasty albuterol overtones and a melancholy coffee perfume in their 2012 zinfand...
rt username fycompa addresses big unmet need - refractory partial-onset seizures - yet g-ba doesn't recognise additional benefit b…
i hate nightmares! hastag scary hastag gayboyproblems hastag paxil
lunesta starting to kick in.
seems obvious now you mention it! rt username did you know tysabri is short for ted yednock's antibody?
first, it was malodorous pits on the train, then a bus that smelled like the inside of a metformin bottle..... i don't understand...
username username symbicort is a steroid. it and spiriva give me some relief. not much else i can use. breathing is mandatory ;-)
i'm about to take oxycodone for the first time, so this should be fun. i don't know if anyone remembers me taking darvocet in high school.
username if diet only or metformin then you keep a full licence. insulin treated gets reduced years
wow lol rt@davialynnette: only i would lose a bag of adderall the week of finals unamused face unamused face ”
opioids: heroin, morphine, oxycodone (oxycontin), methadone, hydrocodone (vicodin), codeine other prescription pain meds hastag ravebodychat
vyvanse is the best diet pill out there
antara hoodie sama hape:|
what happens when you take laxatives and imodium
taking steps. insurance. no job. school. pa to manage meds 1/2/month. found psychol. but not covered by ins. ww. gym. lamotrigine. upped mg.
my ventolin cost almost $50. even air isn't free. hastag asthmaproblems
pt:i need my pradaxa refilled, but i don't have the rx#. do i need to page my red heart doc? intern: flushed face uhh no. i can look it up. rph: thought balloon me right arrow person frowning pistol
username it annoys me when companies combine drugs to maintain patents actonel adding vitamin d such bull. plan b condensing to 1 pill
we picked up the advair prescription tonight. it was $75 for a monthly supply with our insurance. ick. :(
what.... now metformin m/r is out of stock!!! and here we are trying to fight diabetes... hastag joke
subway's combo meal now comes with 50 mg of either prozac, zoloft or paxil
side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?
username yea same, type 2.. was told i'd get this years ago.. cant stomach metformin tho, but that be good for my pcos.. on januvia
stop taking viibryd after those terrible side effects last night. gonna have to try something else... again.
i need xopenex
presentation username 6:30 tonight in the auditorium re: the exelon braidwood station tax assessment settlement agreement. hyperlink
cymbalta not what you did
apparently the clinic who was previously incompetent to me in several ways was incompetent in switching me to the metformin er.
bingung antara drama korea prime minister and i di rtv n the heirs d rcti ..
morphine kingdom, darvocet limited, the grand buprenorphine hotel, the royal tiletamines hastag drugawesandersonmovie hastag medicineamovie
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
who seem the commercial for the victoza shit on nbatv?
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
username tell us who and we will spike their drinks with miralax and glue their car doors shut!
canaglifozin versus sitagliptin in patients with type2 dm stable on metformin..only side effect is uti ....hmmm...
tasmar joined buxp. hastag paidtoclick hastag ptc hastag referral.
i was unceremoniously kicked off the crestor bowling team in those ads. a blood test revealed i had been lipitor doping
heeey but tomorrow on the daily news crazy suboxone fiends running wild in kensington!!
constipation is a funny word. it means poop don't come out. you need miralax from walgreens. username
the situation was made worse by expiration of certain co-promotion agreements for drugs such as enbrel
username more $ in a zostavax shot ! plus we all wanna capture that senior with 23 overlapping meds ...
torrent pharma get tentative us fda nod for hypertension drug amlodipine valsartan
username thalidomide sufferes are not horribly deformed. perhaps you'd let john humphrys know?
it's finally available! only a few years late. generic diovan hyperlink
struggling w. pronouncing words like pioglitazone, repaglinide, sitagliptin let alone knowing what they do. hastag sos
the black dude grilling in the januvia commercial was flexing hard
viagra interaction with nebivolol
username lol - nooo. i have been on trazodone, duloxetine today i am due to start sertraline?? none have even touched the sides as yet
i’m hoping i will get taken off seroquel and switched to lamictal, tomorrow.
ape nk jadi lahai antara foothill gals and group face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hastag rxisin hastag pam
avandia has been linked to increased risk of heart attack.
i had a crazy,amazing,lazy day like enya now i can't sleep. i need some lunesta so i can gently fall asleep on the wings of lunesta.
*british accent* hey cymbalta are you working today?
any girl had nuvaring and bad experiences with it ?
4 espresso shot an adderall and nothing to do at work
username yes! in hf specialist nurses shown to be v accurate identifying pts in last yr of life, would be good to research this in copd
username i wish. albuterol is cheap. advair. around $500 a pop w/o insurance
i tink he's on cipro username hv u started any antibiotic already? rt username urine mcs for a uti pt, e. coli seen, resistant (cont)
username hastag twothingsthatdontmixwell sterile water and geodon!
username that's possible. like, they have oxyneo which is the new oxycontin (slow release)...or pure oxycodone which is percocet w/out tr
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
it's crazy what you can do while your on vyvanse.
username ya she's drinking everyday while taking suboxone for her opiate addiction. the baby is going to be born have to withdraw
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
thalidomide was 'armless ;d
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username your phone?
biguanides like metformin and other oha (oral anti-hyperglycemic agents) treat non-insulin dependent diabetic patients. hastag ku1215
username username should try some fluoxetine dan hastag psychology
username . it takes about 2 weeks, but weed screws up the process of prozac helping the anxiety
i wonder what coming off valium and quetiapine at the same time will be like. horrible, i'm guessing.
my 3rd lozenge :(
username username sorry to hear about scribe’s mom’s bad reaction to eliquis. i don’t think xarelto would be any better.
efficacy of tamiflu was never well established in trials - but eventually reached sales of us $18 billion hastag nzcochrane
username and if it's a guy sildenafil ke tablets
also thankful to hear my friends tysabri treatment for ms went well. god is good all the time!
i feel 80% more human having not taken the gabapentin last night. woo
username username username that's okay crestor fix her right up
username i am sure it will be a very insightful documentary with thalidomide survivors talking about how society has treated them
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hastag ra hastag rheum
get excited about exelon analytics! hastag poweredbyinsights hastag insight
username {runs up to nazir with a newsman fedora while tommy ten-tons holds a boom mic} hi! is it true meridia and sanguine broke up?
i just put miralax in prune juice hastag desperate
crestor commercials are so annoying
username what do you take for it? dexilant is awesome for those with hastag scleroderma
based on the d.a.d. study, collette smith showed no association between suicide and efavirenz use. hastag hivglasgow hyperlink
finding a tasty lozenge is really tricky nowadays. and that fisherman? he isn't my friend. :(
examples of brands that can suppress your appetite are phen-phen, buporoprion (also known as wellbutrin), redux, and meridia
correction: sally field takes boniva. blythe danner takes prolia for her post menopausal osteoporosis. keep shooting up, ladies. hastag bonewars
rt username fda investigating 2 deaths that occurred after patients were injected with $lly antipsychotic zyprexa relprevv. $lly http:…
username going off geodon and onto lamictal. mood stabilizers
for some reason i don't associate lunesta with 'one of the most successful drugs ever to come down the pike'
username username so do you tell them if they take metformin they must take b12?
any business should ask if they deal with anyone as effient and on the ball as username and get in touch with them !!
username tysabri has done wonders for me anyway. i'm having a relapse just now but that's the first in 3years!
depressing hurts, cymbalta can help
fuck fluoxetine
username username that injection pen for enbrel was awful! that's why i went with the remicade infusions. hastag rheum
username ~ sorry to bring this up again; can u do something about price eating on air? maybe it's a throat lozenge? still annoying.
username oh. cause many with rsd have pots and passing out like me but i guess if u stop namenda and u dont pass out u will know it was that
i think everyone should praise whoever invented gabapentin , because if it wasn't for them , there would be a hell of a lot more bodies !
strattera or effexor common
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
im naming my child latuda
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
i could use a strip of suboxone rn
tonight's cal defense is sponsored by lunesta
username yeah, a cold is never just a cold when you have asthma. i can see why symbicort isn't for me, though. nasal congestion is a big
username thanks for the follow lozenge! :)
username username username username username username username yea doc changed me from nexium to protonix (now find out
username adderall is life when it comes to school” forreal
username username username username username in france 62% r in employment uk 7% buprenorphine widely used in franc
i'm not sure it was my words:/ haha@nurzait: punya temen alay antara polos dan oon-odangzaza hahha
$gild announces tadalafil meets primary endpoint in study...
ok i need adderall
username cymbalta doesn't work!!
we're out of ventolin noooooo
any tips for treating beating myeloma? we're 3 months in and on velcade but no change. starting thalidomide in 3 weeks...very new to this
a freakin trazodone
my mum is offering me nicotine lozenges.. bitch fuck off manz needs a fag
okay now a nexium commercial, are these ads trying to tell username fans something??
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hastag shitgetsweird
lilly’s ixekizumab superior to placebo, etanercept on all skin clearance measures in phase 3 studies
absolutely crazy to think that my dad was almost a thalidomide child
username username i hope he will persuade thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to be honest and allow access to their archives
i'm beginning my drug dealing journey one bottle of trazodone at a time.
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hastag psoriasis
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i feel na i need low dose of memantine. haha
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
username i've just been using advair a lot so i don't really know if it's bad or not.
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hastag crps hastag fml
username my favourite bit is probably do not take victoza [...] if you are allergic to victoza
somebody got free suboxone all night long can't imagine who
username specialist? i am taking lamotrigine for bipolar. less on the schizoid spectrum for me.
ws waring username after massive olanzapine overdose, serum levels may remain high for over 72 hours hastag samcoventry
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
username closest thing was something called reductil :) but in the states it's adderall
sibutramine may cause depression. hm
battle dance antara cyber screensun hastag diamdiamsuka
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
eg. why use esomeprazole rather than omeprazole? escitalopram vs citalopram? high cost does not mean better hastag noadsplease  hastag gp14conference
username hrt stuff (casodex and spiro) + avodart and minoxidil
i eat crestor instead.. haha username okay okay prabowo08 we got it. good answer. now sit down and eat that lipitor general!
this xarelto has way too many medical terminology words that most people wouldn't understand!
username my skype is viox hoodie please send that clip to me
username i an had incident with an imodium tablet. it's safe to say i will never be taking one of them again. hope you are okay. xx
apparently, when i drink coffee, i make sure to take loperamide first.
username and thats where my vyvanse prescription comes in handy smirking face  hastag wired
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username most commonly used amphetamines are adderall, strattera, vyvanse, ritalin etc. used to treat adhd which is likely what he took
they've used sildenafil to treat hypertension. sildenafil is viagra...
shit b tasting like ventolin syrup
ok hastag fibromyalgia peeps what to do when react badly to pregabalin gabapentin? unable to take for pain relief ibuprofen is all dr can offer
trying to imagine how sunovion marketers sat around picked a name like latuda . a few beers? hyperlink
viibryd is confused, but he's still young, so he'll get used to the separation quickly.
preferable for suboxone to be used as a short detox/transition tool instead of 'opiate maintenance' slavery. username
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
pizza gelato from cipro pizza al taglio, cab sav from dan's and a good film harry potter on tv or the hobbit what a night?! perfect...
bathroom soccer flovent hfa he is crusty. farted unborn output casseroles and werewolf khloe kardashian marcos mion poo bowie
username username these arent exelon reps may be scammers. dont provide info. ask for their id call the company to verify.
england's national institute for health and care excellence (nice) has approved velcade as a first treatment for ... hyperlink
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hastag zzzzz
did neurology have anything to say about tattoos while on tysabri ? have you got a tattoo after you started tysabri ?
ranolazine improves quality of life in diabetics with anginaranolazine modestly improves quality of life in type 2 diabetics who take it fo
if i get copd does that mean i get an asian elephant? spiriva please answer this pressing question of mine elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine.
username *gives you a throat lozenge*
ranbaxy falls on buzz of losing nexium exclusivity period: as per analysts nexium sales in the exclusivity period can be to the tune ...
username however, doubling the dose of oseltamivir (e.g., 150 mg twice daily in adults) has been advocated as an appropriate strategy in t
username don't you bring that *ish to thanksgiving! would you like a side of micunex with your turkey? some imodium with your beans?
big s/o to the symbicort drug rep for coming in clutch with panera! OK hand raising hands
adam and juliana are leaving me for 43 days tired face loudly crying face take me with youuuu! i need cymbalta pill pill hastag depressionhurts
l o l -rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
hastag ms hastag tysabri hastag fight hastag bestrong
username how long have you been on tysabri? do you know your jcv status? did all this happen while on ty (bad mris etc)?
username merydia soon to be otp
remember people those on cipro keep in the shade or apply your high sun screen sun sun sun sun  hastag cfpositivity
username username neurontin xanax , plus during flare time lortab 7.5. non break through pain a couple of ultrams
debbie just hit the wall she never had it all one prozac a day husband's a cpa 1985, bowling for soup!!
jus realized. riveroxaban and apixaban ban xa and therefore are direct xa inhibitors! hastag naplex
username so true. i'm actually trying to get g to lose some. i'd increased her food b/c many dogs on fluoxetine lose weight. not g. oops
these doctors made me a pill head young w/ this lupus sarcoidosis they have me on valium oxycodone fentanyl gabapentin dillaudad xanax  pensive face pensive face
username paxil? prozac
i would totally party with xarelto bob. he's a rebel! tell that gps i don't think so! xarelto bob. bad ass...
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
username going on a short course of prendisone which is never fun, but its not anything new! i would take humira over prendisone any day
username not to mention $lly dulaglutide (weekly glp-1) data to beat $nvo's victoza
username enbrel pros vs cons for still's disease? and why is it so hard for insurance companies to deal with us still's patients? lol
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hastag sleepdisorderproblems
psa: college students, when buying adderall dont go purchasing from people all the way in different schools. support your local drug dealer.
tamiflu is one expensive ass drug
fen phen, vioxx, viagra. if you took them, you can sue. if you get mmr, dtap, hep b and get injured go to special court if you're lucky
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hastag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hastag psychosis hastag fail
damn my doctor didn't refill my synthroid prescription ur slippin up pal
when i'm angry i craft, clean, or organize... remember the trazodone and bed i mentioned earlier? yeah i'm crafting now...
username my sisters and i got the last of the tamiflu in crown point speak-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey
username lamotrigine and clonazepam
username easy bro, i got a job as a symbicort rep b/c i'm an sae and had a 2.39 gpa
i think i'm sitting next to silvana boneva .... wait what ?
username username metformin is foundatn therapy for t2. if not tolerated, granules/sr even 500mg daily is good. ckd advice sound indeed
my teacher is mr. barney. he is flovent hfa. i have malaria, i better take a couple of lemons. a group of worms is called a bill laimbeer.
username she's on prozac and has a weight problem. she's also a socialist.
leanne pullins clark can tecfidera or gabapentin cause ankle swelling?
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
username all those levofloxacin mesofloxacin amoxillin.the drugs thy react with... /o\
if l can get this internship at exelon or unysys for next summer, that'd be the highllight of my year
username username username lmao?? even if you take too much miralax
username didnt a recent vic rct in ed show olanzapine as good as droperidol, when either combined with midaz?
doña the 1996 white zinfandel from gonzales winery combines miraculous albuterol overtones with a flatulent pheremone bouquet. amo
$abbv beats humira. but $amgn missed enbrel earlier this week and partially blamed weather. did weather only impact $amgn? :)
username what about urinary incontinence meds as usual suspects? using aricept and ditropan in the same patient: pretty common.
username it's called victoza, idk whether i've got it coz i'm on a pump or not but definitely speak to the nurse about it!
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
that old guy on the eliquis commercial was ballin
phil mickelson looks sooooo creepy in this enbrel ad damn im terrified
bioequivalence study mmg nak pakai byk volunteer before they market the generic drugs into the market mcm paracetamol, metformin, sildenafil
just watched a commercial for xarelto and the last side effect was rarely death ... don't think i wanna take my chances lol
hastag pradaxaattorney pradaxa bleeding lawsuit defendants hit with huge fine, sanctions for blocking efforts of victims’ lawyers -...
my seroquel and psycho battle rages on
username you could just get nuvaring and skip it lol
i definitely need cymbalta after that episode.
username username username gonna be huge if it works out! if not - let's skype and cry together
alendronate (fosamax) interacts with whey protein: whey protein can decrease how much alendronate (fosamax) the body absorbs.
if lunesta didn't come in a generic i wouldn't be able to afford sleep
my god, does pregabalin really affect balance this much. i just bloody nearly fell off the toilet!  hastag me/cfs hastag fibromyalgia
emphasis that tofacitinib is not necessarily safer just bc of oral availability - more data is needed to determine place in therapy hastag acr14
survived the wkend w/hubby on avelox for bronchial infection. praying the side effects cease desist. hastag caregiver hastag livingwithparkinsons hastag jil
i have heartburn so bad but i refuse to take a nexium
these adderall jokes kill me face with tears of joy clapping hands
username gargle with warm salt water. or make a mix of honey, lemon and ginger. other than that, an antiseptic throat lozenge.
my iphone just autocorrected me too to metoprolol hastag nursingschoolprobs
username ugh hope they ease up soon, i'm doing okay, victoza still working well for me at the moment, d behaving (just) face with tongue
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
why can't vyvanse last longer than 6 hours for me hastag ineedyounow #70mgnotenough!!!!!!!!!!!!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
เมิงงหาเปเปอได้แว้วว@oengfu kim a randomized controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily saxagliptin plus metformin..เบาหวาน!
smith q: what is the credibility of statement that exelon is on verge of shutdown of oyster creek? a - dodge
rt username the lady from the bank later said sir this means that cipro discontinued your business since this a ... hyperlink
username username username my phone is dead you thalidomide
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
username best. tried concerta, strattera, adderall, and finally, vyvanse
username yeah levothyroxine worked for me in the past so should prob just stick to tried and true. just a little bummed/annoyed
he's done some research on buprenorphine therapy -- username on buprenorphine rock star david fiellin. hastag understatement
.@patmcall username username .or maybe reid and pelosi stopped taking their namenda hastag senile
username pepto and imodium are safe to give to dogs, just look up what dosage. that will help him feel a lil better so he can sleep good
username username genocidal bastards. they know that tamiflu isn't worth a flying fuck and does more harm then good.
username ah i meant helped a bit, sorry hun. fingers crossed. pregabalin did nothing for me. some people get side effects on it, some don't
thank you tamiflu
sex so good ur nuvaring falls out
username honestly joe saphris isn't that good. i am a safe manic. i am college educated/ethical so i'm no threat as a maniac.
nejm jan 2013: in patients with acute vte, is fixed dose apixaban noninferioir to enoxaparin + heparin? apixaban shown to be as effective.
just told my boyfriend that i have to stop taking cialis because of the bad drug commercials i meant to say xarelto hastag hesaidwtf
.@bokkiedog username [sarcasm?] in case not: many side effects; do not take unless need. read adverse effects section in *any* metformin rct.
i dont wanna talk seroquel any more. i dont wanna take nozinan either!
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
username they're really upset!!! someone find username some prozac!!
username side effects. so the specialist decided to switch me to an equivalent dose of prozac to get me off since typically it's easier to
ice skating this afternoon with the effervescent and erudite carol moseley braun. better take a boniva in case i fall!
ah well nothing a pro plus, a shot of nicotine and five hours of work can't solve
clarifying questions for hastag fda now at username spiriva advisory committee meeting now. hastag copd
to all nighters, deepening connections, great conversations, 2 overly friendly cats inducing asthma/allergies, indian food benadryl advair
username we often drink a cup of tea with honey and ginger in case of sore throat. having a throat lozenge is also familiar to us.
username what ya talking bout her that nicotine!
kick-off bigmatch babak pertama antara username vs username hastag championshipdivision hastag finallfm2014
$mnkd misleading analysts... comparing exubera to afrezza is like comparing heroin and morphine.
i need a lozenge.
username cravings to eat paper hahahaha. well we all know who's been down with crestor since day one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
can i bum like half a paxil so i can run inside this store to buy beer real quick? there are bros and babies everywhere.
i'm so annoyed. i need more nexium too. blahhh
username sorry i missed it will google it. tell jack he will be fine like sharks we gotta keep moving.teva tysabri my cocktail of choice
nottingham police say medication lost in city centre could prove dangerous to anyone who takes it. white case of buprenorphine tablets.
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hastag lamictal / hastag lamotrigine?
username fluticasone propionate is disgusting anxious face with sweat face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username i only yawn if i dont take my scripted to me suboxone
username adderall had you yelling at the people not paying attention haha
high-dose rosuvastatin (20 mg daily) did not reduce the rate of af after cabg compared to placebo (21% vs 20%) in stics trial hastag esccongress
7¢/dose benedryl needed to counteract sleeplessness from $7/dose cymbalta.
username i remember that you have nose problems (like me). fluticasone helped me a lot
ciprofloxacin 0.3 /dexamethasone 0.1 otic suspension: they also work by lowering triglycerides but may result in side effects such as liver…
despite grave doubts about teva's liability, boston federal judge keeps it in nexium antitrust case against astrazeneca and two generics
username i used to throw oxycodone in the mix but i ran out of that and i don't dare try and see what i can get off the streets. it's
username that may change of course when my ativan and lamictal kicks in this morning....nah, probably not
oh my god he needs zyprexa, haloperidol, adderall strattera face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
actual podiatrist food including name is diaper. a headache lunesta hemorrhoids curry tuna fried envelope win: aston-martin
correction to bristol-myers, pfizer eliquis study report - nasdaq ...
if you act like the guy in those crestor commercials in real life i would like to take a minute to say that i will never associate with you
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hastag doctors hastag help
username a4 fluids and rest! i guess tamiflu if you are hit hard, but really, fluids and rest  hastag targetpharmacyca  hastag contest
rt username dr john buse: most impressive at #2013ada victoza+degludec= -1.9% a1c reduction insulin on steroids bit of weight loss …
username take some miralax :-/
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
username prednisone (3wks left) and pentasa. see my doc tomorrow about humira - seems the least evil b-tween that, remicade and imuran.
el pollo loco yacoin rhubarb ice did the gun ron paul apprehend stranger pee chicken taquitos for less than advair diskus
harvest came on as man across from me took his suboxone hastag happy hastag friday
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username try it! lol
username hell it's still expensive as hell with. nuvaring for me was still 70 bucks a month. such ridic
hastag team angeltrb ex-div reminder for exelon corp.'s trust preferred securities hastag boceame neqrosexy
username username i take vimpat along with keppra and it seems to help even though i still have break throughs
username viox just drank out of you.
i keep eating.. i hate it very much .. need some pills...fluoxetine (prozac) would do it..
username thought your were staying huh big tease remember to pack imodium lol steaming bowl
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
,they got ppl slangin tamiflu pills for the flu
username are you ok? i came off the o in stages? 5mg, 2.5mg then one every other day. ditto the lamotrigine. even so,
username (cont.9) paxil cr 12.5mg gabantin 400mg bumetin retard 300mg xylon 2,5/6.25mg micardis 80mg/12.5mg benicar hct40mg triglival 20mg
username the go-to guy for twitter in the poker world is username , could see if he can help you my friend! hastag doesnthurttooask
username sahara star hotel for a cme on brilinta drug in cardiology :)
username username username username username username username username i'm given advair every year in flu season. so what?
imodium is my drug of choice for this evening. hay bebs.
can i take xanax and lunesta together hastag replytweet
stay far away from avelox and other fluoroquinolones (cipro, levo). they are poison that caused horrible side effects in my daughter.
bayer says nexavar fails in breast cancer study (reuters) share with friends: | | science - top stories news , rss feeds and widgets v
that's the thing about student insurance w/its own pharmacy is like. maybe i can get zoloft but vimpat is pretty unique
what if the plot of spiderman was really just peter trying to get some boniva for sally field?
so, ya know, let's overcharge, they have no choice. a few years ago, my doc found a way around it to give me a ventolin inhaler.
username no he said that venlafaxine and mirtazapine work well together,we shall see!!
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
username i still have my nuvaring ring in. it isn't supposed to come out until tomorrow.
oxycodone has been my best friend these past couple of days sleeping face
metoprolol is used to treat angina (chest pain) and hypertension (high blood pressure). it is also used to treat or prevent heart attack.
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
the only person i need is meridia tbh
positive effect of hastag tiotropium on hastag hyperinflation announced at the username copd sympo at hastag ers2014  hastag copd hastag respiratory
username nih as in national institute of health. one of drugs is metformin the other sitagliptin as you already know.
username i'll take my olanzapine then. sis-sis doesn't taser me then.. *boggles*
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
username does rivaroxaban decrease risk of ischemic cardiac events vs. warfarin in non-valvular afib?.... nope
i only know sally fields as the fragile woman in the boniva commercials and the mom in mrs.doubtfire. and now a presenter at the hastag oscars
what? rt username former ravens cheerleader and wife of ceo of exelon energy has been indicted for sexual contact with a 15 year old
to jesus through miralax
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
meds question: does anyone take venlafaxine for anxiety/depression? i'm thinking of switching meds....
suboxone got me fucked up.
username citalopram is an antidepressant - max dose/day 40 mg. guessing pregabalin for anxiety - max dose/day 600 mg (i'm a pharmacist)
username i did focalin which is like generic adderall and i played wii sports boxing, it was pretty awesome
so i finally have my 1st infusion of hastag tysabri set for nxt fri. so i'm supposed to suffer until it kicks in? this relapse is relentless. persevering face
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
use 50% dose of januvia if crcl 30-50 or scr 1.7-3 (men)/1.5-2.5 (women) hastag esurancesave30
damn i shoulda got that vyvanse
fda calls for lower first dose of lunesta for sleep
one of the side effects for lyrica (terrible name), a medicine for diabetic nerve pain, is suicidal thoughts or actions. wtf.
they literally jack off to jack kerouac -inspirational words of antara
username username did you also push vioxx for merck, back when it was safe?
username lol... blow, heroin, zoloft , trazodone, adderall, nexium dilaudid ... shes a walking pharmacy
touting science's ability to self-correct probably isn't very comforting or confidence inspiring to a generation of thalidomide babies.
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
what swings through the jungle with the greatest of zzz's? (american pronunciation) - temazepam [cough]
username went for ithaka, antara :d was so lovely going back to college :)
fosamax has been linked to many severe side effects that include femur fractures, esophagus problems,&amp; hardening of the jaw. 1.888.520.5202
i'm gonna need a lot of lunesta and ambien tonight weary face sleeping face
fuck an adderall and monster too cus i feel like crap.
username username i find 30mg of temazepam twice daily and counting to ten in my head keeps most of the transformations at bay.
username i found it hard coming off venlafaxine. definitely agree that running helps: it's the only thing that has kept me drug-free. ever!
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
username i'd rather ultimately see kindra put a shadow dagger through anerazis chest than maridia getting destroyed in a battle.
great news! hastag cmscop11 adopts the guidelines to prevent poisoning of migratory birds. time for action on lead, diclofenac + other poisons
username username username i think rns should have ability to geodon anyone w/o md order - sort of like giving a blanket w/o an order
don`t take lyrica too many side effects :-)
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
username yeah definitely most effient big man in the game right now
i do so much work when i take my vyvanse. too bad there's only like a week left? ha
i have a cup of miralax dissolved into water and my vap pen on hand. i'm going out the door to work now.
username username username should i bring the imodium for you elliot? hastag porcelaingod
username fluoxetine. they should kick in in about 3/4 weeks.
pee bicycle pinochle jumbo index gordon ramsay. fart clutch cran beans the sahara buffet ace somers artistry money vesicare
username i've felt she was the wrong person for the face of victoza from the beginning.
username username username waaaaaaay more. sli is more effient also. i believe.
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
we spent all our money last month on the miralax we needed a discount kitty ugggghhhhhhh
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
caffeine, nicotine stubbing your toe. the fool proof way of waking up. hastag toesofsteel
username quetiapine, vicodin, and promethazine for sell hmu lmao !” of you don't give me that promo
username i take effexor and that works pretty well for me, i don't think i'd do well with adderall though.
rep promoting brilinta (antiplatelet for secondary prevention): morning tea- friands, chocolate eclairs and canale-creating future patients?
btw, i must give novartis props for holding out on diovan generic release.sarcasm. generic cost nearly same and reimburse crumbs. pathetic.
hastag xmaslist codeine syrup better job valium kindle red lipstick black lipstick -10kg pizza
mixed some miralax in so i don't bloat up from the wheat. can't look fat tomorrow!
i cant believe im 6 months nexium week ahh its going by so quick almost done with my second trimester! hastag excited
username that is not a defense of sps in this case. but a defense of lasix/bicarb + miralax after hastag nephjc tonight.
username i did as well but doctor said humira was my first shot. surgery next if doesn't go well, then remicade.
username username i was missing effie... hastag effexor
deal b'n username and ranbaxy on generic nexium not anti-competitive, federal jury in boston says. details to come.
ok, i'm gonna need my ventolin now
i said i was into you? you said you were into me, you never answer on the phone, with your nicotine lips and your heart of stone (8)
miralax is so powerful, just having it in your house will make you shit out your entire cholo
lmao biggest bitch award goes to the lady flipping extra shit in the drive thru bc we were oos on a metformin she doesn't even fill here
tried zumba today. that means extra lyrica for me. lol
username he certainly could make a run lets put our faith in hastag enbrel hastag old
watching the crestor guy makes my blood pressure spike
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
today's hastag geriatrics win: stopped inappropriate donepazil, memantine, nitrofurantoin, asa, mobic, glipizide, januvia in nh today.
username do they give it imodium in the evening to make it stop
for my next trick, i will pull authentic mexican cuisine out of adderall (tm).
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
username seeing your mascara laden face literally caused me to reach for my ventolin with excitement. du bist ein spinner!
. atorvastatin has been shown to be effective in treating hyperlipidemia in patients with hiv infection; because of interactions with the
username lol i was like go dominic clapping hands ... antara was there but she had to leave early
username thnx jeeturaaj for singing the sundar te dhyan antara once again and satisfying thousands of listener. god bless u man.......!
lack of lunesta means whiskey as a stop gap.
patent expirations in 2014: lunesta (april 15), copaxone (may 24), nexium (may 27), celebrex (may 30) ans actonel (june 10). hastag tampa2014
next time take nexium and save the taxpayers thousand of dollars. hastag obamassorethroat
username a very personal decision: (possible) disability or death? challenging if not impossible to explain… or i'd choose apixaban
username username it's diff for each woman tho. i just happened to fall in the minority. i was looking at the nuvaring for my nex
we do need some dumbshits in the world who refuse to get a flu shot. i don't want this tamiflu to expire.
username flash pop quiz name the generics: flagyl, miralax , flomax
vioxx which was labelled safe by the fda has killed between 150,000 and 200,000 people worldwide
brown qb marcus fuller finds te alex viox down the left sideline for a big gain all the way to the georgetown 44. 1st and 10 brown.
ask your itunes tally of how many times you played a single song over over, if paxil is right for you.
username *goes digging for thingy* ventolin bleck
the eu project gapp wants to find out if gabapentin can be recommended as therapy for neurological pain in children. hastag icccpoe
ahora estoy googleando culebrilla+paracetamol, culebrilla+diclofenac working my way up to oxycodone and shit. fort style.
username 's sleep playlist &gt; lunesta
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
it's username day! rt@uberfacts: bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy the same chemical found in prozac.
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
username username username i'd like to read them! my dr said it'll either be remicade or humira if hastag steroidhell2014 doesn't work
username i was on prevacid, then prilosec, then nexium all by 'scrip' until they went otc. username
rt username dear us media: you just got rickrolled by a chinless narcissist and his army of young white doods on paxil. slick.
gabapentin / pregabalin for pain. amantadine or b12 for fatigue. ssri for depression. laxatives. don't forget to manage the symptoms of ms
username hi doc! just diagnosed with early stages of alzheimer's. besides namenda is there anything i can do to slow this mess down?
running off of mtn dew and vyvanse! hastag woreout
antara sebab conservative method in socialising are preferable by me is because we got topic to be always on conversation, not in texting
ayers says after seven years in suboxone clinic, he was given option by family of going to isaiah house or go to jail hastag kyga14
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
i luv when my headaches are worthy of oxycodone :')
someone bring me starbucks and a throat lozenge.
i once fell inlove with a voice too... .. then i offered her a throat lozenge -__-
username username prayer can't help you now... you ate it! lol imodium is your only hope.
hogan wants exelon to dredge at conowingo.will he use the same logic for deep creek lake, where the state owns the dam? dam owner?
of what? germ hotel. one dump keep none for myself neymar cymbalta smurf dysentery obsolete fenofibrate kung pow chicken built asthma
ics related pneumoina: associated is higher with fluticasone and with higher doses. hastag asthma hastag copd hastag chest2014
username username imagine the size of the boniva pill it would have needed to take when it got osteoporosis.  hastag dinosaur
ranolazine inhibits fatty acid beta oxidation in cardiac myocyte mitochondria.
username come to chancellors bring tamiflu and weed and pillows
watch out username . could be some adderall or strattera coming at you.
in the 590 autopsies linert's conducted, he's ruled only 1 other buprenorphine intoxication death. it's a fairly new drug, he testified.
username with the assistance of rt. i'm not knocking her hustle at all, but she's limited. get her an endorsement deal on prozac
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hastag scottsgiving
campbell and the brothers taking imodium like smarties.
username yes! it was a great show! i took imodium and didn't eat much yesterday.
that humira commercial faf with the little girl brushing that lady hair and saw all that shit on her neck
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
can i just say for the umpteenth time that i hate levaquin hastag immunedeficiency hastag sickieproblems hastag pidd
i hate cipro! hastag antibiotic hastag nauseous hastag cf hastag hospitallife hastag cysticfibrosis
exubera starts the cancer rumors but $mnkd is not exubera  afrezza is completly different  hastag inalmannitrust hyperlink
beginning to wonder, did we just get lucky with metformin? mt username savor trial disappoints - no cardiovascular advantage for saxagliptin
just took my first viibryd. wish me luck!
taking adderall without having gum is one of the worst life experiences ever.
username username username username username so varenicline 35% success? suppose is a bit more diff to smoke after u top yourself
the elephant in the spiriva commercial is soooo cute
i have enough vyvanse for all the.women who are afraid of coke.
colestipol, cholestyramine, and colesevelam may be used to reduce pruritus in patients with cholestasis and bile-acid accumulation. hastag pcol
darvocet foley hastag drugstorecelebrities username
astra says u.s. nexium antitrust case returns favourable ruling
sorry mom. taking your enbrel
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
hastag mmsm there is some prelim data suggesting maf/mafb driven disease may not benefit from bortezomib
combination of ciprofloxacin and dexamethasone! hastag scared
username a12 been on hastag humira for over a yr now and that's helped a ton with previously unbearable hastag painsomnia hastag spooniechat
username username username those bands upped the sales of fluoxetine amongst the young
username what specialisation u have? mine is 2nd year dapat pilih. antara biomedical , digital media and microelectronics
so much nuvaring slander
i took lunesta earlier and you have no idea how hard i'm trying to stay awake just to get a picture we might not get.
username username username username that trial they used very large doses of metoprolol and ran into problems with cardiogenic shock
bi/$lly submit nda to hastag fda for combo hastag diabetes pill combining their dpp4 tradjenta and their sglt2 empagliflozin
username yeah, i feel a lot better on the enbrel and the swelling has lessened, i just struggle with motor skills sometimes. the neck
potential new treatment for alcoholism: ezogabine
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
audio: effects of thalidomide 'were horrific'
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
u know i care even though u dnt rply my tweets dnt play wit ur ventolin pls@thelawlah: i'm too lazy to go refill this inhaler. too lazy
sitagliptin and carotid intima thickness
my crestor prescription doesn't photograph as well as my mac 'n cheese hyperlink
vyvanse you're so good to me. lol
username hope this infographic qualifies me for my top-secret synthroid social media promotion stipend $ this month! hyperlink
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hastag geodon
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hastag ibdselfie hyperlink
that medicine eliquis sounds like some really hood name
fhriaofyhuirewaqrkgbvcmzejajp tecfidera should ship on thursday i can't wait to start the medication i'm so excited guys i'm crying so happy
took hastag lamotrigine #11 at 0430 utc
username want to join viox
sildenafil (viagra) has cardioprotective effects, showing an improvement in heart function without any adverse effect on blood pressure,
nuvaring contraceptive settlement leaves women weighing risks
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
username i have gerd as well. following the 'don't eat this stuff' list and nexium for one year did it. i if i don't i burp fire.
duodart caps opened by rotating capsule shell. contains granular tamsulosin 400mcg dutasteride 500mcg cap. hastag foamed hyperlink
update: she's pissed because they threw away her daughter's prescription meds aka her nuvaring
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hastag quetiapine
username fuck prozac. viibryd did wonders for me.
sweet raw flesh, nicotine summer time.
took seroquel it's not working hastag bipolarscks
hey, friends! after wwiii, don't have your bones crushed by a radioactive mutant! stock your bunker with boniva! *tweet sponsored by boniva
username i might be the only one linking this story to deen's role as novo/victoza spokesperson, although from roi perspective
username username my combo: lamictal, seroquel xr transitioning to zeodon, fluoxetine, have topamax for migraines as bonus adjunct
username a latuda like that, young lady, will get you nowhere
username a very low dose of buprenorphine (pain med) transdermal ear cream every 12 hrs works better than glucosamine.
i reached the end of the factive tag :(
an adderall would be prime right now OK hand weary face
hey now.. i luv my nuvaring face with tears of joy face with tears of joy @queenkleopatrav: promise ring, wedding ring, nuva ring, all the same shit...some bullshit. face with tears of joy ”
tiotropium for asthma for poor control on large dose inhaled steroid and laba hastag agmconfuk
esotr: meridia doin' a little fishing together!!!! here's to good times and many more to come! hyperlink
username drugs like avandia (small sample relative to all meds) may have hidden something. fda has to approve which takes years. gov...
siriani bros winery unites near-demonic albuterol overtones and a sour oatmeal perfume in their 1993 pinot noir. hastag forex
i have no problem in taking tablets and capsules, any size, i can dry swallow, no problem. but temazepam 20mg take the piss, they're massive
all this nicotine is going to my head
username username docs gave me ventolin and a spacer thing to use it with (to make sure i use it properly) and i don't have asthma!
username it was because he was able to work a deal with ag kelly for his company's vioxx litagation in exchange for spanier paterno.
deutsche bank cuts $eln share price target as $biib's tysabri sales miss consensus by 17%. harder still to find a buyer to beat royalty.
username i can't get on a commercial flight without a sleeping pill. pop the lunesta just before boarding.
xanex and adderall .. my college survival tools. hastag whatwouldidowithoutyou hastag drugs hastag truth
username username brodie does ventolin taste better when you use a spacer?
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
username username the only drug i take is ventolin hyperlink
username username username i'm not trying to say your preference is stupid, but i really hope you don't take imodium
kamagra sildenafil jelly - cheapest, finest and most effective treatment for ed................. hyperlink
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
starvation with a side of adderall
hastag np: saybia - the second you sleep &gt; utopia - antara ada dan tiada &gt; simple plan - perfect hastag insomaniac
username what i mean is, ok, so vioxx was a mistake. under the ideal regulation regime, won't there be some mistakes like that?
data do not support effectiveness of pregabalin (lyrica) over placebo for low back pain radiculopathy. hastag acns14 hastag spine hastag pain
audit highlights more specialist respiratory physiotherapists needed for patients with copd - csp
* takeda and sucampo enter into global licensing agreement for amitiza
12:55 pm wsyx showed the xarelto ad w/the kind couple who travel with their dog. he's part of the family. it's so nice.
tired of daily meds: 1) hydroxyzine 2) xanax 3) latuda 4) wellbutrin 5) adderall -most days i consume more pharmaceuticals than calories-
new medicine is not as strong. it's missing the continuous rescue inhaler that symbicort had but still had the steroids. we'll see...
antara striker lembab..safee
japan’s takeda sues ranbaxy for breach of uloric patent in us.
you need jesus.... or prozac
83 yo pt. crestor 5mg. 1/2 tab every sunday.  seriously??? let it go. this is a worthless rx waste of $$$
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
seriously want to hear of others experiences with hastag ssri meds, and discuss effects they've had on them and shit. hastag fluoxetine hastag citalopram
esomeprazole may be more effective than ome, lanso, and panto in patients with reflux esophagitis. -wjg2009
username no adderall tn pensive face i gotta study for this stupid accounting test tomorrow.” feeling this so hard
i hope i don't have whatever nexium cures, but i just skip the youtube ads for that pill every time.
username my lunesta isn't either....
username username pity they didn't have a buprenorphine condition, but canada, oddly, didn't allow its prescription at the time
studies on use of denosumab in ckd excluded pt w hypocalcaemia and hyperpth, and hypocal following use a real risk regardless. hastag asbmr14
forgot to put my new nuvaring in yesterday. god is helping me stick to my abstinence plan. yeah.....right
is it just me, or are eliquis commercials stilted, pedantic, and unnatural?  hastag eliquiscommercialsbad
username thanks! i gotta bunch of meds and the doc gave me tamiflu so i should be okay. and sorry i guess that didn't last long.
arnold - phase iii trial of controlled-release once-daily pregabalin demonstrates efficacy in fms.  hastag acr13
what is it with middle aged gays coming after me? go take your boniva and take a seat
8:03 pm ch. 6.3 i melted when i saw a spiriva elephant ad. he got to go for a ride in a convertible. then the man took him to see a fair.
username afternoon, can you advise please - can i take spirulina whilst taking levothyroxine and melatonin supplements? thanks pea.
if this symbicort doesn't work i will refuse to take it because it taste like death.
you can't watch limitless and get the true meaning unless you take a adderall before you watch it face with tears of joy
today i worked in the pain clinic.. wish i had diazepam tramadol and pregabalin !!
if you or a loved one has taken pradaxa and experienced significant internal bleeding you may be entitled to a significant cash award.
username it all might be due to restlessness. hastag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
any of my kind followers wanna donate a mousepad to ya boy? it can say valtrex or lunesta on it. doesn't matter
i'm trying to figure out how in username biostats class they can go from boniva to chlamydia in mere seconds
someone please pray i can make it through the day without having a mental breakdown make it back home just in time for my enbrel nurse.
kinda wish i wouldah not mixed the molly n adderall capsules up hastag opps hastag damn hastag imjustryinntopartyyyyyy hastag butimfuckup
username hastag targetpharmacy need some advice from pharmacist about large doses of vit. d and calcium for osteo, can't take the risedronate
they gave me some damn fluoxitine talking bout you bipolar i threw them pills and walked out that place lol
username minho's birthday project itu colab antara fs china korea ya?
one prozac a day
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
so, i have to try and sleep. trazodone here i come.                          _(._.)_
username i'm sentenced to a lifetime of oxycontin oxycodone due to back injury/chronic pain. but i don't qualify 4 mj in nj? wth?
username have you tried nexium ? i have gurd which is like reflux on roids and it really helps :)
and now he told me i have the coordination of a thalidomide ballerina.. weary face he's sooo mean!
what drugs do you take? well i was on lithium seroquel and abilify but i stopped taking them ha ha
if my nuvaring don't pop out u aint hittin it right relieved face
username username i'm on fluoxetine atm and i've had nothing yet! but i was put off reading up about some of the side effects! :\
hi username my insurance has said that your medication victoza is not part of their formulary. can you work with me to change this?
username look forward to meeting you this week, we thalidomide survivors have our art exhibition in the garden lobby.
wondering whether taking extra fluoxetine will cause any noticeable increase in my blood levels or whether it will be mostly placebo?
username i was off the cymbalta in 2 weeks
rt username lady asked what's difference between venlafaxine tabs m/r tabs. told her it's a lot of happiness in one go or a littl…
tonight's hastag cmaawards brought to you by lunesta and warm milk.
probs should stop taking adderall every damn day and maybe you wouldn't feel like shit when you don't have it
i am viagra or cialis, vicodin or percocet, and effexor or prozac years old.
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
merck wins fosamax registered (alendronate sodium) federal bellwether trial involving atypical femur fracture claims
i see some tamiflu in my near future.
username omg mee too i was on symbicort and like i got cut off and i couldn't pay 200$ every month for that little thing lol
username hehehe ! you famous already ! always go out with jing boniva haiss !
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - same chemical found in prozac.” i love bananas username
username username username conclusive evidence - contact the nhs. save a fortune on prozac if we swopped in m&amp;ms and champers
hi, my name is ryan mcphee and for my dramatic monologue i will be performing blythe danner's prolia commercial.
sandoz launches the first generic version of janssen-cilag's velcade (bortezomib) in brazil
username username depends on inhaler, but some pharms can sell ventolin without any script if your story stacks up.
a diagnoses of secondary insomnia and being without my trazodone is hastag whyicantsleepatnight. bummer.
and if it's not working by the end of the year i'll probably end up having to get enbrel injections yay needles hastag ihateneedles
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
username suboxone was even worse for me. merp. laxatives.
$abbv has great network via humira w gastrogi mds, who somewhat outnumber the latter 2 specialists in hcv tx. ~ 40-50% will treat w abbv
ok ni nama dia brunch factory. brunch = breakfast + lunch.. tu antara menu dia. hyperlink
nip bubba truck driver bulgaria gigantic crestor hunting for siberian whooping cough mazacoin ratatouille rotten yank
i hate that victoza commercial. it makes me think my phones goes off like twice
generics for diovan took over 40% just within 1 month, under the generics promotion driven by the government.
username he took me off the abilify and added latuda
username haha... i'm on avelox. 400 mg. one daily. postan forte. thrice a day. i wish beer was an anti-biotic.
username *sighs* look, tim's.. different than most people.. he doesn't really like socialising unless it's me, ella or faith&gt;
and despite explaining how sitagliptin actually works, she still had more faith in her physician.
hastag setting4success lilly weekly diabetes drug succeeds vs market leader victoza -study hastag news hastag smallbusiness hastag entrepreneur
i guess my nicotine cravings will have to wait.
rt username the onion strikes again. this tastes way less ciprofloxacin-y than the mcchicken did a year ago,” hingle stated... htt…
amused forever that inhaler drugs are marked hfa. flovent is only for people with asperger's thank you and good night
drew barrymore always talks like she is struggling with a rogue lozenge.
username you say sally field, i say lady from the boniva commercial”
good bye levofloxacin.
i don't even like adderall but username cracks me up face with tears of joy
horn says costs of suboxone was about $25 a box, but there were no restrictions or regulations re: requiring them to take them. hastag kyga14
username we're mostly still here :) hope the simponi works for you! glad the pen is better. hastag humira pen sucks.  hastag rheum
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
really though.. anyone want some trazodone or codeine? i'm tryna help a friend out lol.
i need 14,000mg of quetiapine to die for sure (gotta love google)...i probably only have about 3,000mg hastag fuckmylife
username change your name to tazmar
username in an unrelated topic still devouring your book with my eyes i may start carrying tamiflu in my bag just so i can say we have~
telmisartan for dummies
a door opened and banged shut and there was silence. order boniva without prescription buy advair diskus no…
username vom! maybe i need a job or just a master class in how to clean up diarrhoea! either that or find imodium suitable for kids&amp;dogs xx
username could be flu. you may need tamiflu or something. that's prescription.
rt username might be going on humira! any advice/pros/cons/anecdotes? help a brother out. hastag crohns
username username thalidomide trust - story of people's' lives efforts of campaigners and media taking on lawyers and drug company
this seroquel got me sleepy
username if i'm awake sleeping face i just ate so i have to delay the lunesta a bit
the ramen shop the store priest fart swung lawyer hunts escape. spiriva know, friendster tennis to speak sitar snails nipsey is april
on that note...drowning my sorrows in mutter fucking miralax with hopes this meat lot comes out
username so they're giving him immodium, which is what loperamide is. which is just... weird.
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
boniva is, apparently, a magic elixir of youth.
potential drug-drug interaction between systemic tacrolimus and febuxostat recommended for monitoring by username prac (psur) for both...
username username liraglutide cheap and widely used? i don't think so
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
username (( its fine lol )) try to explain your situation, do you have a ventolin inhaler? ask if you can go to the nurse?
grass creek winery coalesces poorly-filtered albuterol essences and a delightful pheremone bouquet in their 1997 white pinot. hastag أيها
lamotrigine may be of interest for both prevention and treatment of brain metastases of her2+ breast cancer.
$abio forecasting gencaro to overtake metoprolol market worth 1+ billion. metoprolol is top 50 prescription in usa. hastag lifestyle hastag rich hastag money
adderall focalin ritalin concerta desoxyn vyvanse dexedrine strattera
when you see a commercial for symbicort and realize you need to get back to studying respiratory physio...
pv naminda no kotae by kanjani8 = goosebumps. the empty chair i mean
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
does anyone know what kind of drug trazodone is
hastag crohns humira all done for another 2 weeks, belly sore though. hastag rum and coke time sat in the garden
fuck it. snorting a seroquel so i can sleep until tomorrow
1.5 grams of cipro per day has rightly roughed up the infection something proper. feeling much better.
$lly q2: the 6% y/y rise in revenue helped by cymbalta and cialis as sales rise 22% and 13% respectively. shares trading +3% pre market
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
loperamide | gatorade | u know what i mean
i'm watching brave and i'm definitely meridia bc she doesn't take shit from anyone, decides her destiny has super curly hair so ya that me
handjob for a lipitor? i'll suck ya dick for a boniva! every. single. time i die
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
and so it was decreed on this day in 2013, year of our lord that my first born shall be nameth cymbalta.
i know for a fact that alcohol does not deplete the seroquel levels in your blood, yet here we are
today i called to verify a script written for 40mg viibryd with a dispense quantity of 530. the doctor meant to put 30 tablets. hastag pharmacy
username need to find out more about victoza steve
have been put on metformin doctor said i should have been on it 20 years ago fine time to tell me
username ik tired face they had me on advair the entire time . but it helps .
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
many people have criticised my imodium addiction. i don't give a shit!
username i hope so again, im only having diclofenac now but its worthless
do not stop taking hastag xarelto w/o talking w/ your doctor. stopping xarelto increases your risk of surviving xarelto. hastag fda hastag pharma hastag corruption
the xarelto adds on the jacc covers are getting old. c'mon username
so you're not supposed to have grapefruit while taking latuda anti- depressant... lmao
like if he's being a shit head make him soup and put some miralax in there like eat up bitch. enjoy.
username oh god yeah effexor is a med where skipping a single dose wrecks you because it doesn't stay in your system
username username username ann oxycontin, pregabalin and nambarrie that rp one won't share his marshmallows!
time for more levaquin (the nuke of antibiotics) hastag prostatitis
username do you want to work for grunenthal who disabled 1000s of people with thalidomide and refuses to compensate them?
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
sally field looks pretty amazing. boniva do a body good.
.@hydrogenblimp username username the best q&amp;a discussion was about how $amgn promotes humira fob while also detailing branded enbrel.
feel like crap and i have misplaced the last of my paroxetine… don't get more until friday. fuck.
pussy like oxycodone
username username username username username username had cefotaxime or diclofenac for a while face screaming in fear
i wonder when i make out with a girl do i taste like nicotine? haha
ouch! completely forgot i had eds and tried to turn over in bed by pushing my leg sidewards. way to sublux hips :-s. buprenorphine time!
username i was trying to say i can't even imagine. i'm starting hastag humira soon, that should be interesting.
it's bad when your options to mix ur miralax is champagne, red bull, or wine hastag constipationproblems
in desperate need of adderall
quitting smoking: licensed medications are effective: nicotine replacement therapy and other licensed drugs can help people quit smok...
yess! my adderall will be here monday! i'm sad y'all i know
username ive been taking nexium since i was 3 months and omg those are life savers lol
she lost the plot differently though... i looked into her eyes at brixton academy and all i could think was temazepam
being on viibryd and stuck at work all night is not really going to go well.
fda padac votes 10-3 to approve spiriva respimat for copd
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
site update: media for elizabeth in a pristiq commercial
username yeah i think me going to the gym, physical therapy, and this gabapentin is working it out lol
21:00 dirty picnic 22:30 manon meurt 00:00 midi lidi 02:00 ventolin dj set
username well she got imodium so she good
and ventolin username salbutamol is my only friend
username iq2if username they discuss our future how they manage us. not decades, but centuries in the future.give us alcohol prozac
latuda may lead to thoughts of suicide, high blood pressure, a coma, or death. call your doctor to ask if latuda is right for you
took 1/3 of a seroquel and of course, once sleep comes, i'll fight it. wtf is wrong with me?! i hope for sleep until it comes. hastag psycho
whether they do it now or later, eylea '14 cons needs to come down $regn
doctor bumped my pristiq to 100mg this shall be interesting. hopefully the good kind of interesting.
do i have any pharmacists or people that are certified to write prescriptions on here that could write me one for some more oxycodone loudly crying face
oohh rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
2 things i want 2 accomplish the next time i see my psychiatrist get off geodon and get back on trazodone
username wait till the loperamide shortage hits  pity its not domperidone, then we'd sort some crappy rxing
got some more fluoxetine pills though :)
username hahahaha don’t suppose effexor works in the same way
username vote out rep. dr terry johnson and this suboxone scamers this drug was only to be short term now 1 to 5 years they prescrib
the gabapentin has taken the edge off which allows me to ignore the underlying discomfort, i am a bit out of practice lol
username namenda for early alzheimer's or for late disease for cognitive disturbances? nmda block trims short term memory function.
username why u take ventolin since night ?
biodiesel trouble lozenge dissolution thine tub utilizing sporophyte bunker
temporary spot for block party found, only if nigger wesley can respond off the fucking vyvanse hes on
username well. ofc. it's about the breakthrough of sildenafil
well, at least the adderall dealers sales went up this week.
mmm, lunesta is calling. good night, friends. see you at 11 am central.
username username iwas tryin to get u steve.my sisters friend called back from the drs,10days levaquin 500mg the drip/burn will stop
preparing for tanzania. have eaten all the old food in the house tonight. might need the imodium before we even get to heathrow. hastag beeteam
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
username ent wants flovent nasally not generic flonase.
do you agree: (this is not supposed to be taken as an offense) latuda sounds like the french word for butt.
username finally saw ur xarelto commercial 2day. grt job! us that follow nascar no ur not an actor doing it 4 money. thx!
finally, someone cracked out the emergency temazepam for anastasia hastag sundaybrunch
diazepam + trazodone + family guy + american dad on fox = chilled out time for fun.
username tell luke imodium ad works fast. you're welcome. hastag vote5sos
the news: minglong maury povich smelly? what idiots. once chump most male pattern baldness cosplay januvia magic mushrooms
$bdsi ceo on fast money tonite to talk buprenorphine fyi
the people who settled nuvaring suit were told by their lawyers that if they didn't sign then the lawyer would ask to be removed hastag nuvaring
give and take antara customers dan companies. cari win-win situation. baru cenggini ha thumbs up  thumbs up  thumbs up
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
that girl needs humira
hastag medschat help! coming off of viibryd - kim, thank you so much for your encouragement! and i thank everyone who ha...
username i am so sorry about your chf from avandia now a broken leg! oh my! sending you positivity comfort my friend.
username whoops not diva cup i meant nuvaring wtf tabia
ok i'm taking like 7 pills of my prescribed 200mg of seroquel i don't want to wake up now lol fuck but i told him not to reply back
username username that's lyrica for you , lmao she flexs on me when betsy comes around , she just silly
username we have imodium for diarrhoea. we have no cure for ebola. next question.
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
username username enjoy !!!'take lots of imodium lol send lots of photos x
my mum was offered thalidomide for morning sickness. she said no, luckily.
ch: if us was all on ehr when vioxx launched, time to identify adverse events would have been 6 wks, not 60 mos. data sharing! hastag cimcon14
username username username username the hastag hpv vaccine is another merck vioxx that killed thousands. check vaers-hpv vaccine harms many.
username i want to get diclofenac patches. i was on it for so long...doesn't help with pain for me as much, but it's great for inflammation
smoked that mj. no more anxiety. paxil is a joke. legalize it.
username i'm now on 10mg olanzapine, it used to be 12.5mg
lunesta in hand: i have never been so thankful for someone as i am for my friend holly barna tonight hastag sleepwillbehad
so if you take latuda for your bipolar disorder, you can't have grapefruit or grapefruit juice? that can't be real.
so long didn't use ventolin evohaler but it's ok, asthma already less
username username username we appreciate your interest in suboxone rehab. thanks for following!
username since i've been taking humira.
buy cheap prozac
i would like to thank erin and beck for not only putting miralax in my coffee and watch me drink it but for also locking me out of my house
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
who got suboxone
username tell me what you think after you try humira. i've heard it can help a lot.
username i'm on prozac, prolixin and lunesta and i feel no different.
username haha i ran out of that i'm glad! made me feel awful! i'm going on gabapentin soon!
hastag fda advisers vote 10-3 for approval of username spiriva respimat 4 hastag copd.
i hate yooouuuu hastag humira hastag crohns hyperlink
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
username will he arrive on a giant lozenge?
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
while taking latuda stay away from grapefruit and grapefruit juice how does taking bipolar meds not gel with eating grapefruit
just some adderall and some fire ass weed pill fire herb smiling face with sunglasses
one adderall a day keeps the bad grades away lmfao
other psoriasis drugs such as infliximab ustekinumab have weight-tiered dosing hastag fda says re $nvs secukinumab's adcom.
i wish i had abs because injecting enbrel in my stomach would be so much easier
i need to start taking my alvesco (everyday inhaler) again .. and start carrying my rescue inhaler . bout passed out and cramped like a btch
but i remain on lysteda and metformin, and don't need to see the doctor until april, which is nice.
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hastag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
i took some baclofen for my back spasms and its suppose to make me drowsy but i dont feel shit!
tamiflu left and right in the pharm downcast face with sweat face with medical mask
username username vimpat might make u nauseous
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
theres 3 open bottles of januvia 100 and its really bothering me.....
i want more florida for my feet and kermit needs more ice cream frozen treats that come in space age plastic like saphris
rt username phil mickelson from the enbrel commercials is probably the creepiest real person i've ever seen. he never blinks.
well prozac nation is a pretty sad film
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hastag clinicaltrials hastag alltrials
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
8 pm 10tv showed the spiriva ad. the elephant went for a ride in a convertible walked around a car show. he squeaked, i melted.
ariana grande has no ponytail and no quinceañera dress? finally! she still needs some imodium for all these runs she's singing though. hastag amas
is adderall a performance enhancing drug for mathletes?
username buy some imodium
username username - shortage of loose motion tablet loperamide in delhi ??
new $25 for 90- list includes popular rxs- generic lipitor, plavix, cozaar, hyzaar, mirapex, aricept, flomax, proscar, lexapro, effexor xr.
lamotrigine was still 30-fold less that in peripheral metastases, indicative of a critical limiting role of the btb.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
why doesn't the spiriva commercial mention not smoking 2 packs/day as an alt to a lifetime of meds?! username username hastag coolassshit
username gota get your hands on some ventiline and flovent lol
i want mimi to get a throat lozenge and clear her throat. this raspy voice wears me thin
username username hi emma, i was 26 when diagnosed, if you want2ask me anything,feel free2give me a shout.on enbrel now&amp;working a treat
sandoz initiates phase iii trial with its biosimilar version of etanercept: the global clinical trial will see...
ventolin shots... still grateful for life smiling face
either i need to go on ditropan and that fixes it or i need to go on ditropan and get the surgery
latuda is not a good name for a medication..
username levaquin should be a drug of last resort!
that victoza sounds scary.
username i was dx verbally feb 2013 and july 2013 and 100% dx feb 24 2014. was on tecfidera bad reaction. starting ldn next week
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial. hastag lucillebluth
username i was on remicade for 11 years and it worked wonders!! now i'm on humira and so far so good! good luck with your mri!
nexium machine. you win: thoughtless moron calculate
2nd generation oral hastag hypoglycemic drugs :  - glibenclamide - gliclazide - metformin - metformin + glibenclamide
username somebody get that man a lozenge. hastag smackoff
username we use venlafaxine with our men having prostate cancer hormone hot flushes - not too many side effects x
username oh no, so many have that fibromyalgia. lyrica seems to be a good nerve pain rx
thin lozenge stiff, acer 4820tg main features in regard to valorous exceptional playacting
username changed onto truvada, ritonavir and darunavir, see how these ones go!
why do people try to hit me up after i take seroquel
the sales assistants in hastag houseoffraiser keep talking about their bowls and how much imodium they need. do i tell them that we can hear them?
touching all the wood i can see and trying to tempt not one bit of fate....humira seems to be working! no pain for months! hastag crohns hastag jinx
seeing xarelto ad while laying in bed. nightmares. username hyperlink
username i asked to be put on paxil because it numbs me... well it will when i get to 40 mg
gonna get her goofy ass some prozac she better not talk to me any more
username username username username you can only hope their chocolate isn't as bad as their so called journalism, imodium on standby
username would you like a crestor with that?
us fda adcom vote: do data provide substantial evidence for spiriva respimat for copd maintenance exacerbations? 13-yes 0-no
the low rider song is in a crestor ad. i give up, i just...seriously, do these record companies have any standards any longer?!
to the pristiq wind up figures,i think you have more serious problems than depression.like the fact that you have a key sticking out of you.
i hope boniva is still working for her
update: imodium definitely helps. digestive system is still schizo
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
username a lil now off for tysabri iv so will speak to neuro nurses! how are you getting on msfriends like you are a godsend x
username username the united prozac states of america. brought to you by hastag socialism
so im riding the trazodone pony to the land of temporary peace
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
when people tell me their doctor gave them adderall i cant help asking if it was because they were bad at math
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
oops! didn't take, my cymbalta today! username username
username  that's just sent my anxiety into double tamazepam mode
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
viagra isn’t just for erection problems: back in the late 1980s, sildenafil citrate, the active ingredient in viagra, was first resea...
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
di antara impossible and nothing impossible :|
didnt take my seroquel last night... 4 hours of sleep holla
woloshin: tysabri media analysis indicated fda press releases dictate content of articles hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username (( when i used to take trazodone to sleep, people would make me stay up after i took it so they could watch me be high ))
username terrific song. enjoyment minimally diminished by nexium ad preceding the video.
username miralax is my shit girl i'm hoping it works for you
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
username username ....and she'd reply yeah? who brings home the boniva for your frail ass? hastag truth
username username type 1 or type 2? if type 2, dont eat anything one can use to make alcohol from. seroquel can cause high...
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
so i did the meridia thing while a dragon was about and i also noticed that you can run away from her if you want to
username i finally started my starter dose of humira.
username use heroin to get rid of that pesky cough then use suboxone to get rid of that pesky heroin addiction
just put miralax in my trenta iced coffee... skull rip see y'all on the other side
ciprofloxacin has its speech circuit harmony mere chance sectors yea for instance herbaceous, graceful supplemen:
username antidepressants. i googled the effects of oding on them before i did it lol. but all i had was a bunch of weak generic effexor.
username oh geez. my lamictal has been increased today. yay!!! lol. we will see.
dominique wilkins should not be shooting j's for victoza commercials, he should be snapping backboards clean off off houses. c'mon man.
if latuda can so can i lol
username meridia this moment, she was glad she was spending this time with her sister, just like she'd wished.} []
username i thought you took ability too ._. abilify and concerta are my longest meds but i stopped concerta. does lamictal taste bitter?
username don't worry. my doc has prescribed me tamiflu as a precautionary measure. see you monday! now get off twitter during ssr! weary cat face
keep calm and take fluxetine, citalopram, fluvoxamine , paroxetine sertraline (ssri drugs)
study aid username adderall had me passing all my classes.”
username says: sally field looks good. her boniva (tm) must be working. hastag onlyoscarstweet2nite
username how's enbrel for you, any side effects? i have psoriasis, with psoriasis arthritis in two finger.
i keep getting boniva and boehner mixed up. sally field has received some very angry, finger pointing direct messages from me.
username username lmfao i love you meridia but i don't know maybe a random thot?
pharm tips: fosamax - sounds like fossil to the max. fossil = old bone. drug for osteoporosis :d
missing ice, varia, gravity, high jump. have a far corner of norfair, ridley's lair, and all of maridia unchecked yet.
kid, whispering to mom in crestor ad: how did he escape?
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
i'm going put you on abilify and, effexor also lunesta for sleep. +sets three prescription to the side + €
there is no plan b for your life. there is only one plan. it is the master plan of the crestor who made you.  hastag drmm username
philosopherstones curmet the frog reply delete to share the finer aspects pew diarrhea kevin just zostavax barfing, y roo. horns
username humira starting to help at all?
rt username username even w/ humira: ab pain, cramps,nausea,vomitting, skin&amp;joint problems, ulcers in mouth&amp;fatique hastag uclaibdnurses2013
this crestor commercial just....
anybody kno a doctor that'll prescribe me 5000 adderall blunts
username i found murphy! he's in a nexium commercial spending the day on the beach with his family!!! hastag znation hastag murphyslaw
i had a big ass cup of miralax last night. disappointed face
username i'm i major pain. it's pushing on my bladder...ugh...my intestines don't have enough room. i'm looking up norethindrone now!
welcome to finals week! also known as: adderall awareness week!
then you have morphine oxycodone roxicodone and oxycontin, oxymorphone(dilaudid), and finally the big momma is fetanyl
loratidine and symbicort season for us :) username cough and catarrh season
username username try the nexium. prilosec never did anything for me. nexium works great.
heartburn again for 3 days.on hastag generic.will go to brand name nexium today report back in a few days
username just saw xarelto commercial. afib medication. just thought i'd pass it on. peace out...
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
on the bright side my humira doesn't hurt as bad as my enbrel did :) hastag arthritisprobs hastag perk hastag stillhateshots
username no but i had a surgeon do the nisson wrap on me and that was a big mistake. problems ever since. just take nexium or prilosec.
username username well there is a lot of tamiflu bashing. i know a picu doc that refuses to use it.
username = my adderall speak-no-evil monkey
urgent message in my inbox about my fosamax prescription. i thought do i take that? or a generic? for menopausal osteoperosis huh.
username i've seen old friends, people i've never met, murders happening in dreams etc. saphris made it a little better actually.
watching silver lining and they are talking about bipolar people, lithium, trazodone, and seroquel hastag cantescape hastag psychprobs hastag lithiumlevel&lt;1.5
username , plenty of diclofenac , ice packs and sorbothane insoles for your gutties mate. tried and tested ! and start running in boot
those who are antibody positive, used tysabri for less than 2 years, have no prior use of immune suppressing drugs are estimated
what's better than sushi? free sushi  -thank you crestor reps smiling face
rozerem, trazodone, and norco? i got all three!
well-played, walmart: nexium next to the bbq sauce.
man that oxycodone was what i needed.
username we certainly do need to stick together, we've got a great online community here! and i'm on weekly enbrel also, has helped alot
username or drink on adderall and stumble around all night.
trading in my iud for the nuvaring thumbs up
username did... i just see you in a nexium commercial while watching hastag znation ?
i always forget to take my humira shot.
username my dad just told me make sure to tell my guest to take metformin 500mg po bd before coming hastag tfts. username very important
username remember: darvocet &gt; morphine &gt; vicodin &gt; percocet &gt; tylenol 3 &gt; motrin &gt; aspirin. physical therapy always sucks.
anti-seizure drug ezogabine declines alcohol consumption...
i really hope username got to his advair in time....
woke up to reinforce with antibiotics and ventolin tabs.
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hastag ineedanallergist
username i finally gave in and bought nexium for 24 hour relief. dh i went through a costco size bottle of tums in 3 weeks:/
if i die tonight i would like my last words to be don't fucking take ciprofloxacin even if your doctor prescribes it
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
take adderall and go ham on school work or get drunk and do absolutely nothing that pertains to the idea of being productive
lmao go away man rt username i hope boniva is still working for her
username i wonder how sleepy chris fowlers game is? probably lunesta levels! cf you're an arrogant tosser
hastag ens2013: prof comi presents hastag msresearch poster on safety of switching from tysabri to username username
username i had gabapentin prescribed after a surgery for sleep. worked wonders
of metformin rt username jesus be a shield rt username deep fried sweet tea on a graham cracker crust username state fair of texas
username i need in, fuckin advair is $600?!
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hastag careerkiller
hastag teamwestwind hard at work username exelon lasalle flex storage, braceville, il hyperlink
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
developin anorexia while i'm standin next ya eating a 4 course meal watchin u starve 2 death,with an iv in ur veins feedin u liquid darvocet
oh go away, humira commercial.
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hastag suffering hastag reality
username can't wait! esotr: meridia fishing event tonight username 8pm et! bait provided, just bring your ep char to bleakrock wayshrine!
the painkiller vioxx kills people! (as many as aspirin!). 5 big news stories that left out the most important part -
username username 30 latuda pills  the correct answer is 30 latuda pills
username username oh..kirain antara mars and venus / jupiter :v hastag minna
all you need is diclofenac 75mg.
there's a drug called januvia sitigliptin. were running so low on drug names we started naming them after ukranian women from whitney pier.
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hastag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hastag rheum
username tbh antara dak sbp yang first kenal haha hastag teamfb
i need nicotine before i go into a rage.
he has been stopped up for 3weeks enema daily miralax 2x a day nothing's working sees a gastroenterologist 9/30 don't know if he can wait
interesting! username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
cool. makayla has a guy. sammy has a guy. gladys has a guy. ally has a boyfriend. jennifer has a boyfriend. lyrica is definitely single.
username thank you for the warning. i take it you're not on humira anymore? jlhave you tried remicade?
username thank you, this is rough! first dose of tamiflu in all of us at least!
username dr just prescribed me a normal full sized ventolin there. think your dr / pharmacist is having you on.
bad time to be out of nexium red heart fire
username got that osteoporosis. let me get you yo boniva meds hyperlink
after 3 1/2 hours of sleep i'm exhausted but can't fall asleep neutral face ... this trazodone is gonna knock me out sleeping face zzz
tnf blockers e.g etanercept and adalimumab are used in severe ankylosing spondylitis
shinny life post crestor
20s 8th day with hastag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hastag depression
it's tysabri day - i woke up snow — feeling irritated
oh gosh wat a day!! i hope tadalafil is over once n fr all. thank u lord fr gvng me strength. i needed it, will need it.
study of blood clot drug pradaxa unnerved its maker, documents suggest
$bdsi announce positive top-line results from the ph.3 clinicaltrial of bema buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients with chronic pain
thanks pill popping druggie for telling me to get a real job bc your dr wrote the wrong suboxone on the script yes, i am a fucking bitch
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
username i'm on latuda and it works pretty well. i'm not sedated like other meds i feel alive and want to exercise and such.
my vyvanse is bout to be my best friend tomorrow
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
username do you like humira otherwise? good to have your dad as a remicade reference.
levothyroxine sodium.
username keep calm e tanto imodium
after that game i think i will have some bacon, with imodium of course. hastag ha1lstate hastag farmersonly.com
username ciprofloxacin is overused as general antibiotic while the risk of being crippled is very real w/achilles rupture. joint weakning
watching all these drug commercials makes one wonder, should i take the gas copd before or after i take cialis? hastag decisionsdecisions
username why does vioxx indicate under-regulation? is a 0 error rate what we should be aiming for?
username yes im about to start the pill was on tysabri
back to sleep. celecoxib prn.
username which pharmaceuticals pushed out barbiturates, benzos, thalidomide, tamiflu, prozac etc milking the nhs dry?
username yay asenapine i love trying to get patients not to take water for 15mins after taking a tablet.....
username i work in a pharmacy and half of our suboxone patients are nurses. so yes, you can get a job with drug history.
username username 1. adderall, 2. vyvanse, 3. (1.) xr 4. concerta 5. ritalin 6. coffee 7. more coffee 8. combo (1.)+ (6.) 9. all?
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
username oseltamivir resistance, sometimes within 1 week of treatment initiation, has been reported particularly among immunocompromised p
username r u on vyvanse do you have a grandiose image of self
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
username username username username username norice too has eaten something disagreeable , hastag military two step - imodium
cyrena owens, site perf. mgr. exelon at u.s. women in nuclear conference - cumulative impacts.  hastag uswin2014 hyperlink
these children are heavy sleepers. the lunesta must have worked. hastag peterpanlive
whats metoprolol tartrate ?
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hastag arthritisprobs
scared to death to start tysabri for crohns. got to get off prednisone. no choice.  hastag hatecrohns
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
username chill bro, i'm just joshin' ya. really, have fun. we can't have a vbs leader on prozac!
username he was worried i was on too many meds so i got rid of 1/2 the metformin pill, the flexeril, the promethizne and the amodipine
username get a throat lozenge
username did you finish the race? also oxycodone (not oxycontin) has a self-regulating mechanism. it has acetimophen in it which
username they made miralax for a reason cody
don't care what anybody shaysh, miralax alwayth gonna be better than dulcolax hastag espncommercials hastag teamfiber
this spiriva commercial is my favorite cause theres an elephant in it
avoid grapefruits and grapefruit juices while taking latuda &gt; do not taunt happy fun ball
rt username drug information update - fda approves the first non-hormonal treatment (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause‏
if we're not careful some hoe is gonna go too far and be like i lost my virginity, my nuvaring and nipple tassels
i had a vodka redbull but i drank it too fast and thank god for nexium keepin my reflux down
how to use zostavax in pts &gt;60yrs? be off biologic for 4-8 weeks, vaccinate, wait at least 2 weeks, before restarting old or new biologic
rt username username i assume so. all i can tell you is that the staff in my office hate it when i write for apixaban.
well, the way i see it, you can either start walking daily or you can start taking januvia daily. it's your choice....me to dm pt
i am so resistant to medication my pdoc wants me to get genotype a because i take 2 grams of seroquel. mostly liver p450 genotyping.
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
yooo never take my flovent weary face my doctor keep asking me about it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
if u aint got a lozenge, use some lime juice and swish it around or use rum or lime and honey
this lyrica commercial is od. fuck you mean might cause suicidal thoughts?
username i got oxycodone lol that'll take all pain away cat face with tears of joy
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
i am convinced in the prolia ad, blythe danner has replaced elaine stritch in elaine stritch at liberty.
username yep same :/ , i finish the cipro on monday , so not long to go , you doing much today then?
username fuck it. let's all just survive off no sleep and adderall this week.” me every week
bought these in a fit of optimism, then relapsed... tysabri gave me hope and relapse laughed at me sat me down. hyperlink
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hastag humira is horrible tired face
username jesus. from 2 pac through codeine crazy is amazing to me. imo that’s the best stretch of music in his discography period haha
no tysabri tomorrow! i’m infected. braaaiiiiinsssss.
nebivolol and appetoll. for a normal heartbeat! hyperlink
username go get tamiflu from your doctor. i had to when i was pregnant, it really helps.
does anybody take baclofen? so, what dose? just curious. i now take 50mg a day can you rt please username ?
username seriously mate, it's got loperamide in it, boss for stomach pains.
upside of doing four xopenex a day is that i haven't been short of breath while merely existing in three days.
username *buys him a lozenge*
username eep hopefully its not too hard for me :/ i'm getting put on something very similar instead called latuda
mrs doubtfure returns to pilfer boniva from area nursing homes to give to his brittle ex-wife sally field
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
humira injected!!! fuck you hastag crohns hyperlink
$mck januvia franchise sales up 5% to just under $1.5 billion for 3q, down ~6% from 2q. some concern about cv outcomes trial tecos hastag diabetes
whoever thought it was a good idea to make suboxone orange flavored films, should be burned at the stake.
username username vioxx was fast-tracked and it killed a half million people.
username mcrpc: for bone directed, zoledronic acid, denosumab for bone metastases, radium-223 for symptomatic bone metastases.
username dude what kind of doctor writes a year supply of bystolic
let's hope this oxycodone helps..
username do to your tweeds on diabetis, i sat down to learn more. after that i went to my md, and i'm now on victoza for type 2 diabetis.
username feel better. tamiflu helps!
username username twice daily for pradaxa not ideal
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hastag hopeso hastag iactuallyslept
username hope you are feeling better. i did know you were asthmatic, i am too. have ventolin etc if you need any emergency supplies.
username bienvenido al honorable club nexium zantac omeprazole prilosec. it sucks, you're gonna love it!
i miss lunesta sleepy face you beautiful bitch
hastag abluntcan make you feel like einstein on adderall
username username i agree absolutely. your gonna be fine amy. enbrel give me no problems whatsoever.xx
username he's been prescribed cipro for it.
username yes jackie. i'm on tysabri and have been for three years
username adderall had me amped over a twitter account. one love. you know how this medicine goes. face blowing a kiss
username its levofloxacin or leflox. i dun wanna see anybody ruining da medication names -_-
nicotine is so stress relieving.
username i go like once every two weeks weary face my dr gave me some miralax months ago but i don't take that shit nomore
i have vyvanse so i can take them, not so i can sell them to everyone and their fuckin brother. damn
laying back on some oxycodone
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
permax rt username username in case you missed this: danny welbeck is going to arsenal. good luck, welbo! hyperlink
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
story of my life face with tears of joy username adderall had me arguing with a 5 year old on who is the muffin man.”
you son't even know how badly i've wanted to do this. rt username adderall had me in walmart like hyperlink
started rosuvastatin tonight, yet another new tablet i'm probably allergic to. if i don't tweet tmrw i've died of anaphylaxis.
ciprofloxacine , diclofenac diethylamine , bromozepam... hats off to pharmacy medical students who dare to study these kind of shit....
takde chemistry antara player
i am genuinely upset about meridia right now. taylor is screaming profanities at me for waking her up with my angry yells.
just now: torrent pharma gets usfda nod for generic of anti-biotic avelox
neurologists only prescribe tysabri when nothing else works to slow progression of ms. it's a chemo medicine risks of taking it r serious
of all the drug commerials that give insane side effects. victoza takes the cake. holy shit, i would rather die then take that drug.
watch me a. lose 15 lbs this week because adderall b. lose sleep this week because adderall and c. have a mental breakdown because finals.
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
username out my review on the fluoxetine is april 2014 so i should be ok for another year
i guess silva didn't take his boniva this morning. hastag teamusa
hastag eroar - severe raynaud's can cause ulcers and infections - no one drug is particularly perfect, but some good, like sildenafil
dabigatran is removed by hemodialysis. rivaroxaban abixaban are not.
i'm coming to school tomorrow hopped on adderall and coffee victory hand
username username it's on my list of tweets yesterday! it's a retweet from another lady about the tysabri! :)
username olanzapine takes some time to fully leave your body, i've never had rebound symptoms.
hastag seb2013 fluoxetine did not reduce the birds' anxiety
having mixed feelings about the vyvanse i took at 5 am..
username antara first form 5 15' xd
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hastag metformin hastag period hastag pcos hastag cramps
merck statement regarding chmp review of incretin-based therapies for    type 2 diabetes, including sitagliptin
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
then continue with 18 months therapy using pyrazinamide, ethambutol, levofloxacin, etionamide, cycloserin
username girl my enbrel is on its way to me and i pray that it helps me enough to start running again! we can have a twitter5k!!!!
username 1 small pack cotton buds 6 tabs paracetamol 3 capsules mefenamic 3 capsules loperamide 3 tablets neozeps 2 tablets kremil-s
woke up today with a nice surprise. started feeling tingling in my weak foot toes! could tysabri be working? hopeful to help drop foot issue
my first exelon paycheck is more than a whole summer in the oakwood snack shack flushed face
poor holly has the flu bug squinting face with tongue . fyi - the flu shot is only 40% effective this year and tamiflu is friggin expensive! whole family on prevent...
username username omg i have a stomach ukcer also i'm in nexium 40mg and anti biotics they really hurt dont they
i'm back on fluoxetine again (anti-depressants and anti- anxiety stuff), which is really good because this is my first step to recovery
her idea was to avoid giving me diazepam because drive a lot. so instead she proposes to take my pregabalin up from 300mg pd to 600mg pd.
for over half a century has been prescribed worldwide, yet the mechanism by which metformin inhibits hepatic gluconeogenesis remains unknown
this time next week my stitches will be gone, my nuvaring will be in, ry will be home, and i will be hastag prepared for battle
username cymbalta can help man with Chinese cap heart with arrow red heart
username i'm also told infliximab costs £1000 a time what taken every 6 weeks and humira is £400 what's taken every 2 weeks
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hastag rheum
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
anyone had experience with lynica or gabapentin nerve drugs, specialist advised me to try but i'm hesitant....
username i couldn't handle side-effects of gabapentin so my dr let me try 3 other nerve pain meds until i found one that worked for me.
.@oed isn't porridge a better near rhyme for orange than lozenge? it lacks the n sound but doesn't add a harsh z.
username it's over as of last night. i started a nuvaring this morning. does this mean i'm on day 1 of a new cycle? how do we count this?
new clot preventer works as well as warfarin with less bleeding: (reuters) - the blood clot preventer eliquis, sold by pfizer inc and...
ondansetron and dexlansoprazole y'all can start working now. my stomach is on fire and i would like to not vomit. hastag gastroparesis
spam just laid a fart, and diovan tyler netsec sheep are grit for the snot. bonnie bitcoin mining harry styles
has anyone taken pristiq or effexor? what are your experiences with it?
don't use heroin, use oxycontin. don't use cocaine or meth, use adderall and ritalin. don't use weed, use xanax and prozac. stay safe kids
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
this xarelto commercial is so corny
so pathetic you can't buy celebrex or even lyrica over-the-counter. lobbyists, greed ruin everything in this melted nation. need both now.
username ive taken in the last 24 hours 800 mgs of seroquel and at least 15 of valium... i napped some
lol no. none are anti-psychotics. dextromethorphan is robitussin, clonazepam is for anxiety like xanax, and fluoxetine is prozac. wtf fringe
username actonel stopped today on odb patient taking &gt; 5 year; bmd confirmed low risk; $30/yr drug and $105.96/ yr dispense fee saved
username i'm on the nuvaring person tipping hand no way person gesturing NO
username username i've had friends fam do hastag enbrel for me; i feel like hastag humira would be trickier to have someone else do. hastag rheum
hastag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hastag elililly hastag bigpharma
we literally have to give my dog miralax
username username really that's what levaquin is for! it's an antibiotic made for bladder and uti infections. azo sucks
username i hate metformin
username  hastag rxchatng metformin
username programs for those without insurance or are affordable to just get. but vimpat doesn't have a generic in the us and no program confused face
similar lack of instructions with man taking non-xl venlafaxine all in one rather than split dose.
my new health insurance doesn't cover advair so i have to wait to get a letter from my doctor saying i need it sent to the company
loved sally field's work in the boniva commercials, she was so moving,  hastag oscar shoulda nominated her for them. i felt it in her bones.
montanaro: 3. lansoprazole x-reacts with rabeprazole but not any others hastag acaai
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
so i bought miralax lets pray this helps. if not chipotle should face with tears of joy
username username username love from me too! ice, drain, elevate, rehydrate, diclofenac and a strong mind x hastag swanlakesurvival
username .@lapd a man with a ponytail just offered my son a lozenge” username username username
varenicline (chantix) is a nicotinic receptor partial agonist—it stimulates nicotine receptors more weakly than nicotine itself does.
biogesic is paracetamol diatabs is loperamide alaxan is ibuprofen what is the generic name of condom? - paradibunticine :dd
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
any1 else think their ventolin inhaler tastes really yummy or just me
before enbrel sureclick finished, the needle retracted. instinctively pushed it back in o o. idk if it went in the same finished?! hastag rheum
username username username username username yes it is!!! have they tried avelox rx with you? it's for chronic bronchitis&amp;
if you took pradaxa and suffered from death you may be eligible for compensation isn't it a little late...?
if alex jones turns out to be right, i'm going to take prozac and off myself.
higher dosage of paroxetine and need blood tests now. yey. i fucking hate blood tests.
interesting discussion on depression and fluoxetine on username at the moment.
just took my lunesta and cough syrup with codeine. let's see if i wake up in the morning....
antara komik dan tidur. what should i prefer?
username ya i'm on both victoza and invokana. i take .9 of victoza, you?
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help
username the seroquel pretty much does the same thing. also, username forgot ect xd
username the risk is worse with the class as a whole, but my depression improved greatly with addition of seroquel. use xr daytime
from cogencis: cipla get uk approval to sell stomach acidity drug esomeprazole
patient: what's the difference between uloric and albuterol?  uhhhhhh hastag pharmprobs
username username agreed, i switched to the personal nicotine vaporizer 3 years ago and never looked back.
username ferc approves merger of exelon and phi holdings inc. (exelon corporation)
this week reminds me to be thankful for having an adderall prescription
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
gremey travel companion is stephen idea of serving larry the goofy's bounce house b.o. indy 500 habitat diagnosed with aranesp
username given kynamro, wouldn't you be skeptical of isis in cardiometabolic indications?
username how many days you in now? starting pregabalin today :-/
relieved to find that the swiss do have the equivalent of imodium; its called imodium in case anyone ever needs to know.....
username username username so far scleritis assoc w/fosamax, also enbrel other biologics but not venlafaxine. hope it clears!
username sigh u sittin so good, cuz i in dat state right now.... i need some cymbalta (the drug for depression) right now!
username metformin fr new manufacturer does not work. it brings up the bgl instead of bringing it down. very dangerous. valley stream.
why is efavirenz lacking for plwha in argentina? national programme bought much atripla, which is good, but non fixed combinations needed
vyvanse = a good mood in a pill
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
username they even make money from tramadol prescribed to the people they disabled with thalidomide and gave the original pain to!
username lol yes yes, too bad he can't really take medicine, although some imodium may help him stay asleep and stop the b.g's lol
it's a reality check seeing dominique wilkins on a victoza commercial. it sure isn't 1990 anymore.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity
tonight alive username paramore! rt username antara paramore, jack white dan the black keys di nominasi 'best rock song'
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
morgan stanley on ranbaxy: co waiting to monetise 180-day exclusivity for generic nexium
i need to learn the one ring to rule them speech from lotr to tell the next customer i sell a nuvaring to
nephrologist is upset. thinks uloric is safer. i argue: 1. allo is reasonably safe 2. no data to support uloric is safer increasing to 400.
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
aderall, vyvanse and focalin. lebron james is extra adhd tonight
thank god for trazodone hastag needsleep
so after 2 yrs on gabapentin thinking on it helped, changed to pregabalin and helps even more ! hastag wasafraidofchange hyperlink
new afib guidelines. new indications for pradaxa and eliquis. life is good. hastag anticoagulants hastag nerd
hi i'm sally field for boniva! *loud cracking sound* oh dear god my femur!
i need a higher dosage of suboxone and a medications that stops you from vomiting and diarreah
please gimme some adderall i'm havin trouble concentratin, hypnotized me, mastered the art of captivatin
username tofacitinib is just fun to say. no idea what it even does, though...
 unamused face my boss tried giving me adderall today. saying how if i do it. i wouldn't stop cutting hair today. nah b unamused face
rt username why is ms not enough - to get a prescription for tysabri? why do you need to have a another attack first, and loose a couple …
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
the anti-depressant pristiq is a synthetic version of the same active substance in effexor, and likewise may pose the same risks.
is disgusted sally field only this week got a star on the hollywood walk of fame...take the boniva shove it!
lol she got cymbalta ..
i could swear that humira is giving me so much energy
username not ventolin, but my ventolin sef doesn't last that long to now coman expire lool
my told me she liked nexplanon more than nuvaring ring i was like oh, yeah, i remember that .... and maybe we've been friend too long
username username username are you boys 155yrs old talking at 3am about ur health issues! dom did you tell him about crestor
username hmmm levofloxacin in someone with seizures? also why levo?
username this article isn’t in the canadian letter because it’s about a us-only desvenlafaxine product fda substitution regulations.
username yes aspirin, oxycontin oxycodone benadryl
you ever have a fishermen's friend throat lozenge? if that shit don't wake you up nothing's gonna.
my new flovent inhaler ventilator sounds like a harmonica face with tears of joy
i wanna thank thotkolandis for bringing advair back into my life like whats an inhaler face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes squinting face with tongue username
rt username comparison of 4 hastag antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. hastag quetiapine least safe hyperlink
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
rt username vyvanse and adderall should be advertised and sold as a pill for cleaning.
antara the comment dan the mummy :d
username username emi tu memang antara queen online shopping :d
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
name: shahrukh khan. i'm a programmer and i like pickles and imodium ad.
if you're titrating up on lamotrigine, never never put stevens johnson syndrome into google images. just don't. hastag bipolarlifestylechoice
ugh, throat really starting to hurt and i'm down to one lozenge.
dog corn. pontiac bang the pianist turd blitzer. katy perry smelly constipation synthroid a dog biscuit cannacoin facebook crud
hastag fda hastag ok's today! janssen's inovokamet (canagliflozin/metformin) 4 t2 diabetes takeda's velcade (bortezomib) expanded 4 relapsed responders
as of now i'm battling addiction taking suboxone so i can be free from all pharmasudical meds hastag drugfree hastag lovemarytho
username my favorite is the lady that demands that she be given advair one puff daily and symbicort 2puffs daily. hastag fail
cashflow enterpriser lozenge myob software?-which measurement software deal?
username username mind that my partner cant breathe she needs ventolin now please
$200 cost of nexium in usa before it just came off patent. $7 was the cost in new zealand.
username her problem was that pharmacare spoke with her rheum, not her, and he went on sabbatical. she was off enbrel for months. :-(
username username username not tried zoloft or prozac, but i was on effexor for some time in 2008 and that stuff was horrid.
rt username is it hot in here or am i just depressed? fda just approved an antidepressant--paxil-- for hot flashes. see my story: …
username username username username username my signature words: back, up, believe,smart,think,all, forward, in
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
sucking on a minty nic cq lozenge with my pinot grigio at the username hastag fml
i guess aviva has copd since she was sucking in spiriva or something. hastag imaginaryillness hastag rhony
metformin is contraindicated in patients going for mri  is it the mri itself ?!
username username thanks viox she sucks
username lol dang-o, you gotta have a lozenge somewhere!
username they took vioxx (rofecoxib) off the market hastag cox2 problems, hastag shame - posture is biggest problem - arthritis spinal probs.
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
sorafenat 200 mg generic nexavar chemo drugs mfd by natco pharma india, contact at: +91-9873336444 for hansome price from oddway pharma.
username username i'm just on vimpat now, better control.
that guy in the crestor commercial has a problem, and it's not his cholesterol.
oh: i took temazepam once, on a train trip in india. i was out for 15 hours [are you sure it was temazepam?]
lunesta is my best friend tonight
which of the ff can be used as prophylaxis against travellers diarrhoea? loperamide, ciprofloxacin, co-phenotrope, metronidazole, ofloxacin
username i get it. but i will continue to use zanamivir. in light of studies on oseltamivir
username great luddite response. no tamiflu med?
a day filled with tamiflu and gilmore girls. face with medical mask
rivastigmine not only improves cognitive performance in parkinson's disease dementia but helps visual hallucinations and behavioral symptoms
bisphosphonates (alendronate, etidronate, risedronate, iv zoledronic acid): take on empty stomach with water, gi, altered taste, onj
username cymbalta can help! lmao
on november 25, 2014, the fda warned consumers not 2 buy/use hastag weightloss hastag supplement hastag slimvie b/c it was found 2 contain sibutramine hastag diet
vyvanse and coffee OK hand  hastag examweek
can anyone give me a vyvanse? i got you next week
i tried to think of the cold rain as a minty lozenge for the skin but it didn't work and now if you're not careful i will cry on you.
rt username novartis' psoriasis drug superior to enbrel in study: zurich, july 8 (reuters) - results of a late-stage study... http:/…
new $2/1 nexium 24hr coupon + a target gift card deal!  hastag coupon hastag deal hyperlink
ciprofloxacine , diclofenac diethylamine , bromozepam... hats off to pharmacy students who dare to study this kind of shit
username just changed from mst to oxyconton plus on prozac cocodamol losec pregabalin zinc tabs calcium oromorph diazepam antibiotics
and there goes another pound! yay! showing my gyn that i don't need metformin to help me loose weight! hah! hastag pcos hastag weightloss
username glad to hear it! advair was my saviour when i had antibiotic-resistant bronchitis earlier this year.
username take benadryl, it's the only thing that helps me fall asleep on vyvanse
username what is that sloshing sound coming out of your belly? oh yeah it's cheap beer and metformin
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
no memory of at it feels good at one lunesta left and this show.
the miralax ads on viggle are too funny. . seriously who's gonna walk around and write i ♡ my lax everywhere. lmao
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
today my classmate accidentally spurted diclofenac on my left eye while fixing the syringe i swear i'll be blind by the time i finish pharma
we need a meridia
username the emails in current litigation against pradaxa tell a different story
about to take my night pills and realize my full ass bottle of trazodone is gone. and i don't get that shit refilled for a month
2nd event for today! super lagare! eylea launch here at fairmont hotel later. whew! hastag eotd #2ndeotd hastag kayod hastag gahaman hastag matindepangangailangan
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
heh, this meridia likes to joke around... i kinda like her.
i have the flu. the pharmacist told me to take the tamiflu wrong last week. the flu shot didn't work. i'm sick and mad as hell!
username hahaha i'm also on seroquel &amp;prozac for mental health&amp; tegretol&amp; phenytoine for epilepsy. i'm a walking drugstore haha love u x
username username username can't wait!! have you found a safe place for your idina lozenge?
best way t solve chunks belly ache. metformin hydrochloride. bosh.
wish my followers schedules coincided with my adderall highs so they could actually be around when my tweets are somewhat interesting
username  imodium  yes?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
fosamax is a prescription drug used to prevent/treat osteoporosis in post-menopausal women and reduce risk of hip/spinal fractures.
just got way too excited about seeing an advair commercial.
someone left a whole bottle of adderall in the bathroom without a script label on it lololol hastag swag
i see boniva working for sally field hastag oscars2014
eliquis reduces the risk of stroke by 42%. blowjobs reduce the risk by 100%
longer than usual wait at suboxone clinic. hoping it's because my son ran into his counselor and is talking thru recent stuff. mm hastag suboxone
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
username dear god - do we ban asthmatics next? first efags then ventolin users puffing away... username
username tiotropium is the new failure
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
great examples on how systematic reviews have changed policy - tamiflu is just one. ekwaro obuku hastag aen2014
hyperlink will any1 make a 400 lb woman do balancing tricks? ban spiriva elephant ad username username username
username hahaha wait don't forget the oxycontin oxycodone heads...oh them seroquel head's doe o o
somebody get doc a lozenge
username hello-i take paxil for d&amp;a and no meds for pain. my pain scale is a 4 now. i have been tired lately. my days nights mix'd up.
hot hastag veterinary compound rx orders: pred acetate eye ointmt, ursodiol, buprenorphine 10ml vial oral, cyclosporine eye drops in coconut oil
with beyonce. dr. oh, too bad target dismally turquoise uncut clock, faces meryl streep shahrukh khan nexium haven't been rickrolled in a
good morning robboes. currently at mrs stein's work drinking tea and chatting to trevor about his tysabri. see you all potaters, robboes.
hastag drjuliemcadam - buprenorphine levels are very low in the blood and in some cases can only be found in the urine
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username have you run out of medication options? i have been through remicaid and humira. methotrexate is all i'm on currently.
that daddy on that xarelto commercial…
walmart #41 4000 se green country rd bartlesville ok 74006 gabapentin $125.62 — feeling depressed
first etanercept injection today. will see how i get on with this. hastag rheumatoidarthritis
hastag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
if you use suboxone and you're not a recovering heroin addict, you're a fucking idiot.
username yeah it does he has to have miralax everyday so it keeps him regular. cause if he does get constipated he would need surgery.
username oh. now i know. xpenah try. sblum ni.minum air panas perah lime skit. after use ventolin
this eliquis commercial is weird to me
nicotine and faded dreams, baby just believe there's no one else like me
essentials for finals : adderall coffee redbull stress ball alcohol weed and a god damn miracle
username i'm trying to send my pristiq to you but i'm having difficulty on the initial physical-to-digital conversion
username so you chose humira over remicade right? i dnt get tired after it, even when i first got started on remicade.
roll thru with the nuvaring
hastag savor-timi 53: slight increase in hospitalisations for hastag heartfailure with saxagliptin vs placebo - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
optimis: an international study to assess the use of sorafenib after transarterial chemoembolization (tace) in hepatocellular carcinoma
username had to fill hubs symbicort yesterday which is a old ass steroid but because of new non cfc formulation is not generic
username like ritonavir which boosts darunavir or atazanavir :)
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
does anybody know of any other nantokap/kiichi songs that sound like fluticasone and/or love love nightmare
life sucks, cymbalta can help. or cause you to be suicidal. hastag commercials
god i hate that really fat guy in the crestor commercial with a whiny high voice cheering over a fucking blood pressure pill.
username on the plus side - the stock for zoloft paxil will be rising soon - nows the time to buy in! OK hand medium-light skin tone
username i was on that. class action law suit against paxil for ruining our relationships?
thoracotomy patients: reduction in cpsp at 6/12 in ketamine + pregabalin group when added to usual care in perioperative period. hastag rcoaac14
username username thats what i want so whatevverrr” same. nicotine fein
the cabinets are plus fitted passageway the in force lozenge versed drive-in
username one is about varenicline and the other is about cold weather being lethal for humans
username username username username they found a small ulcer they gave me nexium for that they did 2 biopsies
that point on the front of you head never got it saved my eyes with boric acid buffered eye wash &amp;cipro ear drops also buffered with boric a
symbicort should be for people, not the cartoon wolves in this commercial. haven't they done enough damage blowing pigs' houses down??
i just gave myself the first two humira shots. easy and didn't hurt at all. hope it works its magic now.
username all the sublingual pills absorb faster. my olanzapine is the same. i prefer them to feel it right away.
writing notes to myself to remind myself trazodone causes priapism. pharmacology is cracking me up. hyperlink
this shit latuda is the road to death...and suppose to treat bipolar depression ...wtf?
need imodium huaaahhh
t2095 rocked out 10 flu shots, 1 tdap, and 2 zostavax vaccines today! hastag g391fluzapalooza hastag myteamrocks
i'm going to try and quit my paxil cold turkey just like i always do with medicine that stops working. i started today.
nuvaring lawsuits look toward settlement as health canada issues... 502
might give adderall another chance...yikes
asthma is the talk on froome. my diagnosis is copd and he was taking advair mid-stage.
i could've played for the orlando magic but they found suboxone in my jacket
username username i have a low dose of trazodone to help me sleep otherwise i wouldn't especially when hastag happymental
username username username my nuvaring never failed me
rt username despite their anticonvulsant properties, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, phenytoin, and topiramate have been reported to cau…
calpol my childhood best rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o
username need that dr. tischner's...mucinex....and either tamiflu or tylenol cold flu severe
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
somebody get this guy a lozenge lol hastag gte3
username yo i got a bio exam wednesday. what's good with some adderall homie ?
dio brando takes miralax for the first time
username i think that antitnf with prolia need more studies.
i got to go draw some blood i already did it like a week ago for the suboxone now its for medical now
seo case study&amp;#58; attorneys chasing vioxx organic search r
username username if i had to go back on an antidepressant i'd give viibryd another try.
fda approved drugs to treat relapsing forms of ms in adults include teriflunomide and dimethyl fumarate.@marthasalas15
i turned down saphris at the doctor because he said it tastes horrible, but he said it's really effective. experience? hastag bpd hastag mentalhealth
i have just swallowed my first dose of quetiapine. does anyone else expect to be struck by lightning when you take a new med?! hastag crazysiannie
.@christydunks username they won't even prescribe me tamiflu bcs it's been linked to suicides.
hmm...might miralax be the muggle version of polyjuice potion.
frog and corns are saluting imodium ad. tony hawk is playing targ in spaghetti factory.
shouldn't of taken so much seroquel lastnightt cuz diz nigga be out cold
dat feel when u counsel a lady on apixaban and they love u afterwards hastag priceless hastag tombrady hastag levels
another list under price control with strengths of gliclazide, glimepiride, sitagliptin, voglibose, amlodipine, telmisartan, rosuvastatin
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
rivaroxaban (xarelto) will soon be subsidised on pbs for stroke prevention atrial fibrillation/dvt patients, says username
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
bruh i dead as haven't slept an hour straight in over 48 hours now. i got to fill my lunesta prescription
keep that metformin and lisinopril
part 2 to $mnkd vs-dance is just a company of exubera people who failed! $mnkd dreamboat device can be used for other meds!rejects copy cats
username avandia should have to lose money for lien resolutions which are coming from an already pathetic check. glaxo smith klines
soo i jus saw the pradaxa heart medicine commercial last week and they already got the lawsuit commercial on wth didn't they test this drug
of music, except 70's. imodium ad penis flintstone kodak. autopia luciano huck herself brush performs a just farted duncey
not a surprise given tecfidera...$biib tysabri monthly sales down ~10% from may and weakest month since apr '12
username haven't been to class since my last exam nor done the homework…exam tomorrow. no amount of adderall can help me now
da ting on my bbm always have a gp/ depression/ crying -_____- take a fockin cymbalta choops
username wow! well the imodium will clog up at least one of the orifices
username yes, hydrate hydrate hydrate. movie night tonight and picking up some advair tomorrow
username username not true. clinical data had approval of viibryd ah on a friday. that was nda though.
latest edition of otc bulletin done! read all about new zealand's and douglas pharmaceuticals' plans to widen access to sildenafil
in this age time,you'll bring out ventolin inhaler to use people start staring like you have poo in your hands..nonsense
hastag cmsc2013: ptm is an important tool to allow patients to deliver a bolus of extra baclofen for pain/spasticity hastag msresearch
medtronic gets into drugs? promoting amgen's prolia via spine reps? this is big, possibly.
gods of the undersleep, i invoke you to make this day bearable! by the holy names of coffee, snackwich and nicotine!
sildenafil citrate tablets spc brand name viagra ranbaxy major notes aural viagra
feels so good to finally have a real day off. my body needs to catch up. also was w/o enbrel for a wk, joints are so stiff hastag arthritis hastag ra
username i've found relief in the wonderful world of diclofenac sodium tablets. its like panadol on hundred points .
i've temazepam and olanzapine, and more, 100% sure i'll die
username you can make your own cymbalta. its called happiness :) just be happy!
username finals week consists of the 3 -ine's: caffeine, nicotine, and amphetamine.
or use the inr to guide when to stop...especially when switching from xarelto or eliquis to warfarin.
there is a antidepressant medication called latuda. saying latuda would make me less depressed hastag favoritenewword
some gross old dude at a red light in a viox services truck just repeatedly gave me a 'come here' finger while i was waiting at a bus stop.
check this site out for great sildenafil deals
username  wanna try my fosamax for your bone condition?  hastag jpmpickuplines
bahahahaha everybody know what tadalafil is.......you just don't know that you know. look it up.
username whant to join viox
if you take latuda for bipolar disorder, 'avoid grapefruit and grapefruit juice': hastag dealbreaker
username i can not remind me which i used, but this one looks like it: fluoxetine &lt;3
username please advise if you know of levaquin toxicity/adverse reactions. i am a 4+ year sufferer and chronic pain every day=can u help
username maybe if you latuda it will left your spirits hastag truefeelings
i have been on olanzapine so long i have forgotten what it was like to be my normal self without forced drugging!
username question have you tried enbrel or rhethuxin?
i often get the urge to ask metal vocalists if they'd like a lozenge.
diclofenac injections are boss woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing
username my psych dropped after an insurance change so iam coming off cymbalta, adderall, klonopin, mirtazapine and gabapentin
imodium cool hastag rejecteddatemovies
fucking vimpat can go fuck it's fucking self. i fucking hate you fucking epilepsy.
results of my tweet survey on numbers using pregabalin without side effects - zero. on the other hand, those with side effects - zero. :o/
dear lord. just found two crestor tablets on the floor, probably left from mils visit. fortunately i found them instead of the girls?
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
having trouble sleeping? i was a chronic insomniac for years and was taking a 3mg lunesta plus a 1mg xanax ev
i went to the doctor last week and got prescribed more lamictal to make sure i don't go manic over the summer. hastag mania hastag bipolar
trazodone or seroquel? rt username there’s a war going on inside that i ain’t safe from.
username let people eat and live how they like! fcuk the nanny state! government allowed thalidomide to be taken, less said about that!?
i have a disgusting case of insomnia, somebody bring me some lunesta and a xanax.
username since geodon is off-label for what i' have (and it was the first thing they gave me) i might look into malpractice idk
i'm in such a glorious mood today for no reason.... wow the wonders of vyvanse!!!!
username i should've known. here, have a lozenge. ;)
username i still have those nicotine lozenges you gave me like a year ago and they still suck but luckily they work so fuck it
finally got new meds! hopefully geodon is good to me hastag bipolar
change medicine again? enbrel or remicade...? the choicesss person bowing thought balloon
username is so get a refill on your crestor
username the magnesium citrate wasn't too bad, but the miralax n gatorade was so tough.
was carrying a vial of oxycodone pills, and that a semi-automatic handgun and a jar of what is believed to be marijuana
they have tamiflu or whatever on tv.. haha that's what the doctor gave me and it's shit. face with tears of joy
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
username chelsea, psg, real madrid, barcelona, bayern munich, at madrid , zenit psburg . antara powerhouses ucl musim ni.
username the flotsam and random jetsam that sucks suboxone from a 4 am tube...
not ready to kick the habit? try nicotine lozenges. they helped users cut back, even when they thought they didn’t want to quit.
gamma-aminobutyric acid acts as a neurotransmitter. it has slight stimulatory effects on the brain may help induce a state of calm. hastag gaba
oldboy def. keanu metoprolol wah lumpy cryptogenicbullion why did bruce lee mortgage old-fashioned the mad tea party chandler falter
thien $20-$40 million in savings were initially estimated for api development for januvia via qbd while juvisync created ownership hastag dia2013
so i'm having chest pain and my mom says go to the store and get some nexium ....with what car ? unamused face
2015 exelon non-engineering intern - midwest -  hastag jobs hastag exeloncorporation hastag chicago
i took two klonopin and a restoril and i am not asleep whyyyyy
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
username ugh! what kind do you take? i'm on alvesco
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.@mattbellemy
baclofen, tramadol, marijuana, and alcohol. what a combination.
username garret a. fitzgerald gets honored why some victims who took his drug vioxx died of heart attacks. the luck of the irish...
but at least $20 million front money from brainwash team. think about one of story of rembrants hotel. enbrel deal i ask start with $2millon
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
bewildered lemon grass risk splatter ashley with reeky fartin. a enbrel multiple great britain go pooing bag of mayonnaise. cacti
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
username lovan? you mean fluoxetine/prozac?
username what's a combo one? i haven't hard of those. i'm on albuterol for emergencies and qvar is my steroid. tried advair-bs. this
username wait. i take symbicort !!
so glad i got an adderall prescription, fuck coffee in the mornings
username username its medicine. oxycontin, prozac prescriptions are killing people. legalize and tax it like alcohol.
username are you getting on with the olanzapine apart from that ? :)
the doctor put me on some antibiotics and gave me a prescription for symbicort
if username wants a real patient spokesperson who actually uses victoza and has seen results, i know a guy.  hastag justsaying
very happy to announce that i am opening my own private practice in beaverton oregon. we will be specializing in suboxone and co-occurrin...
rt username because im 17, compose my own beats. lyrically im dope enough to assfuck the dude who made nicotine
username i know where people are allergic to warfarin, drugs like rivaroxiban and apixiban are becoming more common better than a needle
username painkiller of choice, rest, lots of fluid! might want to see a doc to be sure it it's viral, not something else. can give u tamiflu
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hastag calgon
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
based on these callers, mrs. zierlein needs to stuff username 's stocking with some adderall to keep up with all his kids.
celecoxib 100mg 200mg now available through sigma....launched today
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username smiling face
hastag drunk hastag addict hastag weed mixing alcohol and oxycodone?: i took 15 mg of oxycodone a few hours ago, still feeling the ef... call 888-656-0067
username username username they haven't, sadly. the whole problem is that on quetiapine i *always* have a good night....
username lunesta and a ton of alcohol.
direct to consumer advertising leads people to believe that cymbalta or lyrica are best tx for fibromyalgia. sigh. hastag hcsm
username ventolin vocals
has anyone got any experience of venlafaxine they can share with me please ?
see?! rt username latuda is the worst name. who approved this.
i watched the whole of star wars wishing i could lend darth vader my ventolin inhaler hastag starwars
username yaasss! they're life savers. i used to take both a while ago too, but now i'm good with just advair
stretched when i woke up &amp;boom: bilat calf spasms. get me an intrathecal baclofen pump holy sweet mother of god don't let that happen again.
sen. pres. jeff kessler reveals his son, jacob, 25 has been charged w oxycodone trafficking. says he's heartbroken, but i love my son.
hey is that murphy in that nexium commercial?  hastag finderskeepers
y'all really be taking adderall to stay up and study for them finals........ y'all better than me.
the adderall diaries: day 2- chemically induced friendliness
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
white crowned hornbill. antara species bornean hornbill yg paling paling rare nak jumpa. hyperlink
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
username then i was switched to humira as well. and humira seems to work for me but the needle i have for it is terrible. it stings every.
rt username i run on vyvanse and redbull.
username i thought darvocet was no longer prescribed...
username 1 lunesta with a benadryl chaser and law and order suv reruns on netflix...that's my cure.
exelon and 3m set participation goals for in-house hastag probono - cpbo challenge, 50 percent. hastag lsc40
username username omnipotent and supremely benevolent crestor of the universe? your view?
stay in your pjs all day oh oxycodone eating disability check getting neighbor. taxpayers love funding your leisure!
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
too much nicotine hahaha.
no adderall so i just chugged a red bull. current mood: woman dancing woman dancing winking face with tongue squinting face with tongue squinting face with tongue squinting face with tongue squinting face with tongue
waiting for trazodone to kick in!
username if it starts up again i'd have to go back on enbrel shots. but for now just eating healthy n exercise.
ventolin evohaler , thank you for always being there for me when i need you! green heart  green heart
asked cuhhk for a bar he gave me a trazodone.. got me fucced up
username effexor, lithium, abilify, trazodone, and klonopin
color coding the drinks at work hastag vyvanse problems hyperlink
.@nytimes unlike big pharma here: bextra vioxx paxil avandia hyalgan zyprexa seroquel depakote aggrenox atrovent combivent micardis aranesp
women with hastag hiv on hormonal contraception and efavirenz had high levels of pregnancy (but many of us don't know! ) hastag hivglasgow
been on leave a week now and i’ve done nada. finally went to er for my back and they gave me oxy, gabapentin and cyclobenaprine. astonished face pill pill pill
my doctor hates me. i got ritalin, but not adderall temazepam but not ambien unamused face unamused face
username he really needs to be taking something because i know the pain is awful at times. he needs to ask his gp about gabapentin
2 years ago...aku antara peminat fanatik bola...still going on but now too active
another enbrel commercial in which phil mickelson doesn't blink. is. he. an. alien?
can't be starting out with one of them days because i have to get my baclofen pump replaced today. it's 3yrs old. ;-)
levofloxacin is no joke holy fuck
yum yum fluoxetine
username that the one where he's in hospital and tries to solve a really old murder? obvs didnt give the grump enough buprenorphine
talking to a neurologist in texas last week, clearly enthused about tecfidera in ms. ground level view of that drug is very positive.
am i even a college student if i've never taken adderall or pulled an all-nighter?¿
$nvo 7:48 am novo nordisk presents phase 3a data from largest trial with liraglutide 3 mg demonstrated significantly greater weight loss...
i do suppose i could take another ziprasidone but then i would be short one pill and dr nguyen hasn't approved an increase in dosage
username ambien, lunesta and sonata were not included in the study. and it even says it's not for sure about the other ones
fixodent and crestor ads, what demographic am i in?  hastag maddow
username dayquil: more like day-kill! when your kids are passed out in the street, defenseless, getting molested by the lunesta moth.
the antidepressant latuda works by hilariously being called latuda.
anybody know the current street value of oxycodone and/or suboxone? need to gather some info. thx.
gonna light some candles and serenade this xopenex inhaler while thanking it for all the things it's done for me..like help me live.
// since meridia was invited, i might have to hop on her later.
where were you username when my family had to pay $200. for tamiflu last year after you voted for obamacare.. normal cost~ $20..
is imodium latin for through a needle ?
username that happened to me once too. granted, i took 7 servings of miralax
ventolin tastes funny tho
my homie on his 10th perc 30 today oh my god that's 300 milligrams of oxycodone
takin adderall and then smokin loud..is the best feelin ever, like frfr.
username ah. i was about to ask if you had ever taken neurontin but then i saw that the primary ingredient was lactose.. so...no.
username hahahaha told you! thalidomide much! haha. her legs are worse in person!
thanks for always being there for me when my life looked a cymbalta commercial...
it's almost 10pm over there. just have them down their restoril with a swig of yuengling and call it a night k??? hastag professionaladvice
username 240 hydros, 480 oxycontin, 1490 oxycodone in 3 mos b4 death. was working as crit care nurse while stoned out of mind
yes, levaquin is my drug of choice for the week pill
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hastag windowopensdoorcloses
ivy league news: effexor xr withdrawal symtums: enough to engage through cialis egyptian pulse. flow in the specialists at cornell un...
woah look out! i just took a lozenge, i'm unstoppable!
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
username username username username username wishing you another fruitful day in the thalidomide campaign
im glad i went to the docs .. got more seroquel ( :
the pain i'm feeling right now won't go away with oxycodone x only username can heal my scars
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
post concert depression hurts, cymbalta can help
murdered prius with the nuvaring interior
username username i agree initially used metformin then went route of lifestyle management and that's when i saw the results
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
username good luck, i sincerely hope humira does wonders for you! the pen isn't all that bad either, injections just part of weekly routine thumbs up
yay! my prescription has been changed! back down to 150mg venlafaxine and starting quetiapine :) sleeeeeeep!
6:22 pm wsyx showed the symbicort ad with a man his beloved dog spending time together. it's so charming. hastag dogs
username is there any truth to zorvelox (acid of diclofenac) being better than salt of diclofenac for sensitive gi/uc?
username username username the rx's i quit for ms using pot-kadian morphine baclofen alertec neurontin betaseron ativan paxil
suddenly i miss the first time i saw you at laluan antara fakulti. uihhhh.
this januvia commercial with adults on the see-saw makes me uncomfortable
lamotrigine is giving me at a therapeutic dose.
username yes, quetiapine is an antipsychotic and in lower doses is good for anxiety. also very often now given as a sleep aid cos it's
can't find my symbicort weary face
thanks to the rescheduling if hydrocodone talwin with suboxone is the new standard. that is awful :(
username just denied sex and nicotine.
correct username username thalidomide or lenalidomide increase chances of dvt.
too much coffee + temazepam = weird dreams tonight cyclone
sildenafil black ant
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hastag seroxat hastag sertraline hastag fluoxitine hastag lithium
username i see my neuro on friday and i am going to talk about stopping tecfidera and getting onto tysabri
that's wrong. is bay. symbicort turd trims horse ebooks accomplishment of small minds perez hilton ornate pisces for a place to go. fart cow
granny and jaden gone say i need to look into that latuda bipolar depression medicine because something wrong with me
employee - drug discounts - save up to 52 % - metoprolol succinate
cardiprin, imdur, plavix, tritace, imdur, dilatren... dad's morning pills. crestor for night time. quite a mouthful, isn't it?
username urgent need to support addictions treatment. make it easier to prescribe buprenorphine support recovery. hastag bchc
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
username username oxybutynin would have solved your problem.
username its liraglutide and metformin
neurobrain: adding actonel ups bone density in epilepsy (cme/ce): (medpage today) -- adding risedronate (actonel) to...  hastag zekelhealthcare
'efficacy and safety of donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, and memantine for the treatment of ad. a systematic review and meta-analysis'
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
rt username username - viagra deaths - 522. ru486 deaths - 7. paxil deaths - 6,000+. notice anything odd?  hastag txlege hastag sb9 hastag swtw #…
the pills can make you smarter and smarter. geodon, welbutrin, adderall they change the brain structure and you get more abilities.
i keep seeing humira commercials curing new things each time.
lean toward naproxen if cv risk is a concern...&amp; celecoxib or low-dose ibuprofen if gi risk is a concern.
he prescribed me 10mg of fluoxetine which helps curb appetite and causes weight loss.
rt username lurasidone gains new indication for bipolar depression: the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) has approv... http:…
username i 'served' 6months of fluoxetine-time around 18 years ago, it put a smile on my face but inside i was still screaming. :(
ahhhhhhhh that's what sleeping mostly through the night feels like. had forgotten. thanks magical cough suppressing codeine ilu
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
latuda increases prolactin levels as a side effect? isn't prolactin the hormone that makes breastmilk? so bipolar and leaky boobs? hastag nope
username username there is a new drug called latuda cat face with tears of joy loudly crying face cat face with tears of joy
keliru jap antara face mill gn end mill confounded face
as much as as far as change into ias out having coaching classes: viocx
username why so many drug ads during hastag nightlynews 2nite u had: symbicort prilosec nexium crestor alieve metamucel. r sick ppl the demo?
username stopped working. i don't think their meant to last forever but again it depends on the person. i took enbrel when i was on my
many need coffee b4 they're able to start their day n deal w/people...i need 15 mg of saphris, 40 mg of viibryd n 54 mg of concerta
gotta get back on advair
lunesta kicking in, gnitee victory hand
my sroke is effient
username you're going on tour? i hope you bring your walker and your boniva you old b**** . wish i could go but i just lost my dad, i'm broke
only thing keeping me alive is panadol, valium and ventolin
i need a throat lozenge *ricola horn*
forest licenses saphris from merck for $240m upfront with sales milestones - last year sales were just $160m hastag pharma hastag licensing hastag deals
username if $nvs is confident, they cud compare neprilysin w better arbs like hastag olmesartan, which worked often where valsartan failed
celecoxib | no prescription
it's a bad sign that every pharmacy in hastag jcmo is out of tamiflu for kids, right?
username nexium rules mister prez, feel better.
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
interview with exelon tomorrow! gotta love the career fair
lmao username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy bastard rt username sildenafil works fine rt username i may have a serious weakness problem fam. sigh.”
depression hurts and i'm sure cymbalta can't help me :') hastag sigh
how cn u gv sum1 who's simply havn trouble sleeping a drug that is as potently psychoactive and neuro-altering as paxil! lyk, wtf! really?
new anticoagulant?! apixaban (eliquis) *takes mental note* pretty sure i'll see this again come spring hastag pharmacystudentstuggles
username during my confinement. dr mirasol put me on januvia from metformin
username i assume you mean the enbrel or humira (i think i saw his ad once, i can't recall). those reduce the effectiveness of (cont).
two rcts with chf- plus copd-patients: tiotropium decreases and labas do not increase adverse cv events. hastag ipcrg2014
you know i'm out of synthroid when i'm teary eyed about a movie i've seen a thousand times also have that awesome kanye song in my head
username username my fucking god it s so cute. i want my ventolin lol
lool@seunbule: and flagyl + levofloxacin to end it username nothing like local ewa agoyin to start the day
username glad that nexium is back and in the cod scene again :)
hastag japan's takeda sues ranbaxy for breach of uloric patent in u.s: cis.
username big pharma would rather pimp their toxic tnfs like humira or enbrel. no thanks, pass the bananas please!
username last scan i had was weird. they'd upped my pregabalin and the noises registered with me as music
if you get tired just take more adderall
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
aciphex is the worst-named drug ever. unless it is a hemorrhoid cream or something.
username username thank y'all smiling face with smiling eyes just got the iv in, waiting for the tysabri to be mixed and plugged in. going in now
d'onofrio et al: initiating buprenorphine tx in emergency dept better than referral to tx. reduced opioid use, improved follow-up hastag amersa
username he’s off grain, unless we can’t get him to eat his pergolide capsule. what would be a good way to still incorporate those?
does anyone have a spare blue ventolin inhailer kind of need it asap
.@buckeyemyeloma username yes. once weekly sq velcade is my default.
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
the dawnbreaker quest is the most amazing moment in the game for me... not sure who voiced meridia but it gave me chills... a voice like god
username urologist? i got put on vesicare and it cuts back the number of times i wake up to pee per night / wet myself when sneezig etc
just saw an ad for xarelto i’m pretty sure the implied epilogue is the guy leaves his wife to join the penguins in the cold southern sea penguin
who's got adderall vyvanse of focalin
my mom just said you want some drugs ? i said ooh what kind , she said nexium - heart burn meds face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy yes plz . turn up
i'm not tired whatsoever. may have been a good night to take that seroquel but whatevs. up listening to old school country.
username capsaicin helps me a bit, but i also use diclofenac cream,  a friend gets for me via europe. you can buy it in any pharmacy there.
username happy bday david viox you're the cooliest and we love to snapchat you even if you don't respond
suboxone steadily tasting like shit, so you don't want to take it.
loopy hufflepuff common room battlezone hemorrhoids pitiless comatose stately just the great cymbalta lunesta toilet smurf
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
i judge the time in the evenings by can i get away with taking a seroquel to knock myself out yet or is it too early
username and i told you to take some love adderall but you wouldn't listen. smh
use humira or enbrel injections for rheumatoid arthritis, ulcerative colitis or crohns? $100 intrvw next wk! call 9528378300. ask for health
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hastag venlafaxine brings me.
symbicort is the best inhaler i've ever been on..actually a turbohaler.
this old guy from the hastag xarelto commercial is a fucking badass. hastag flowersandnewzealand
me on lunesta sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face grimacing face ogre sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face  hastag blerg happy 5:44 am kiddos!
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
ventolin tabs act damn quick
username hey, thinking of switching from remicade to humira for study reasons, any major downsides to humira? :3
some days i could really use some cymbalta hastag oneofthosedays
so who will swap patients from warfarin to apixaban, dagabatran or rivaroxaban for af? how do you choose??
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
username username interesting thing is albuminuria effect is more than double that of aliskiren (14-17%) on top of ras blockers. hastag nephjc
keep yo black n milds, cuz me no nicotine.
username crestor statins astra zenicas best seller. might push the valuation up a bit? nah, you are right, they wouldn't do that.
username la viox on bgt now!!!
forgot to take my nexium the last two mornings so you could say i'm in a lot of pain....
username and i'm off the olanzapine now and back driving again. i feel everything though now :(
username this is the greatest truth. if you were prescribing methadone you could have 1500 patients... suboxone = 100! tragedy
username really .... you bring up the boniva commercial hahahahha dead
this xarelto commercial starring nascar driver brian vickers is almost as long as a movie
watt: transitioning lt recipients with dm from insulin to oral metformin after hospital d/c should be pursued to comply with recs hastag liver14
coming up at hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom: case studies of uncertainty - tysabri + anoro ellipta. tune in by webcast; see username for live link.
so the ten-odd doses of tamiflu in the medicine cabinet...yeah that might have come in handy five days ago. hastag thankstips
username username username username correct. trial will test pa-824 + moxifloxacin + pyrazinamide vs. both hastag tb hastag mdrtb
ventolin, ventolin a puff and the air went in.
username same here. advair doesn't prevent asphyxiation...
username only weirdos find her funny. my fault for not changing the channel after watching the fascinating programme about thalidomide
username take 40 mg of crestor and you'll be ok.
no link found between bladder cancer and use of pioglitazone or rosiglitazone latest publication from diabetologia
username thank you for your response i know your time is very valuable my ortho doctor has me on got me on gabapentin and not better.
it's humira night! syringe
username username username like many power companies, both exelon and entergy own a mix of re, nuclear and fossil.
looks like i have a date with darvocet tonight. hastag pinchednerve hastag fuckingouch hastag needtoheal
metformin won't directly cause renal failure, but in low egfr can accumulate and cause lactic acidosis. hastag foam4gp hastag foamed
hastag aafp hastag fm hastag family medicine the top 4 nation's most prescribed drug in 2013 in usa 1- levothyroxine 2- rosuvastatin 3-ppi 4-duloxetine
hastag hotflashes ? don't drink the kool-aid! new push to get women on low levels of hastag paxil has flaws at many levels. i will report back soon!
because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
every time i take vyvanse to be productive i just end up sitting on tumblr and twitter all day.
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
before giving bortezomib for multiple myeloma, give prophylactic acyclovir to prevent shingles!
only 60mg of paxil a.m to 30mg temazepam p.m.. plus other meds. blarg .
username username username username username evidence would suggest that's not a factor - varenicline
username yes, 3-4 months off tysabri before starting a replacement.
username great sponsors supporting wcth tv boost sketchers lyrica hersheys maytag volkswagen healthy habits hastag hearties take notice!
rt username dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hastag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hastag ehraeuro…
delhi high court bars export of natco's generic cancer treatment drug sorafenib
username you misspelled suboxone in your piece about nm prisons.
soy after taste face? try saphris after taste face mate
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
username ....went through a hell of a lot of different meds to find the combo i'm on now. i personally rate venlafaxine as an anti-d and
does anyone have an advair discus i could use while i apply for one? my lungs aren't doing so well. i'll trade you for a high five a beer.
took a bunch of adderall and should be working on my thesis but instead i'm looking up music so hmu with whatever u guys are listening to
does ppo mean my insurance will cover most of my medications? a friend takes enbrel it's 25k a year w/o insurance!
username yeah goodbye mental health
username username username username username username it hurt to breathe! went thru 30 darvocet in 5 days..i'm a baby
aside from all this messier crap, it looks like the rangers are about to hire the lozenge king himself. hastag av
username esomeprazole sodium lol... aka....nexium lol
apixaban and adalimumab commercials during username counting that as studying. hastag finalsweek
username username username username i’ve eaten 3 so far. might give me heartburn, but that’s what nexium is for. hastag powerthrough
rt username username 'i won't be around...when you really need me.' lozenge of love - one of my favorite hastag radiohead songs.
had a dream that i found 2 full ziplock bags of adderall hastag damn
username username shows the value, qualitative outcomes cost efficiencies of copd nurse specialist not understood - not bad but sad
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” coman plátanos
controller copd meds: long-acting b agonists (salmeterol), inhaled glucocorticoids (fluticasone) long-acting anticholinergics (tiotropium)
yeah i don't need to sleep and i am totally looking forward with the withdrawal symptoms of going off my viibryd thanks so much.
username my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family at this difficult time. diclofenac is your best friend
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hastag cancersux
rt username username a12 been on hastag humira for over a yr now and that's helped a ton with previously unbearable hastag painsomnia hastag spooniechat
username is it purely a coincident that the bbc are showing a documentary on thalidomide on hg awareness day...?
my gyno is taking me off of effexor and putting me on paxil til i see a psychiatrist.
neurontin in high doses is great for anxiety. better than benzos, i'd say
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
username do you use any inhalers for your respiratory issues? i used symbicort but switched to dulera. i have albuterol for emergencies.
after all, pemoline wouldn't be a good choice nevertheless.
username fenfluramine is not lorcaserin/belviq.  lorcaserin targets the brain receptor unlike fenfluramine which hit heart receptors.
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
username take imodium before drinking so your tummy doesn't get upset
username username username username username i call bullshit. i do think the abuse of gabapentin is significantly overlooked.
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
hastag odetoimodium oh, imodium ad, thou art my best friend right now hyperlink
username psychiatrist needs to up her dose of seroquel. judging by her tweets it isn't nearly high enough.
new insurance keeps rejecting enbrel requests. in the meantime, my body's eating itself. by all means insurance, keep dragging this out hastag nbd
in a 2 year clinical trial 14mg aubagio showed a 31% reduction in ms relapses vs. placebo. the 7mg dose also showed a 31% reduction.
username yeah i am no one wants to hang out with me i'm home alone :( i ain't got no life i ain't got no job, just cymbalta
kowey: good bleeding profile of apixaban has effectively closed the door on asa use for the prevention of stroke in af. hastag hrs2014 hastag noacs
.@funnymix the item in brisbon's pocket turned out to be a bottle of oxycodone pills.
username username username yes makes it more difficult - see why you use spiriva as criteria now. need pt held copd record!
meridia (sibutramine) and xenical (orlistat) are approved for long-term use.
it's scary how few combinations there are that can be taken without food. now on truvada, ritonavir darinavir with a snack! hastag hivmeds hastag hiv
username username pharmaceuticals: merck etal have ocd making medications like vioxx that killed my mother physicians ocd prescribing
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
username username i have codein at night :/” - doc didn't want me to take that so i have pregabalin which is helpful
username username username username username no lack of asthma here. advair and albuterol keep me semi-normal.
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
i'm not impressed by people who think taking shit like xanax oxycodone is okay. gtfo.
eyes closed, finger on the trigger, one inch different i’m free you’re a widow, liquor liver, suboxone under my tongue
is sex on suboxone a thing?
how is boniva an osteoporosis drug and not a viagra alternative?
do not lie down for 30 minutes when taking alendronate and risedronate
my doctors gave me some oxycodone weary face
chat with the beure herself, got my nicotine and a stroll in the dark hastag perfect
username is lyrica considered a performance enhancer?
^~^ intrathecal baclofen gives feet back to 63-year-old paralytic |
username antara bestnya mrsm nii, you'll get a lot of tshirts beaming face with smiling eyes there's one for homeroom, class, rumah sukan, baju maktab and else.
using meds like prilosec/ nexium lowers the production of hydrochloric acid, which aids the small intestine w/ digestion.
weird i have to take 1500mg of metformin a day now 1000 wasn't lowering my blood sugar enough
somebody. anybody. please bring username a vyvanse.
shall go procure some lunch and take panadol also. in meantime, yes, lyrica does help.
username thanks for checking in! my endo wants me to go for blood work to check my synthroid levels and follow-up with an ultrasound.
liquor liver suboxone under my tongue private numb, one more time for dying young.
no amount of coffee, coke or fluoxetine can get me back to life.
username but of course. i take keppra and vimpat. right now sadly i can not afford vimpat but my neuro is amazing and gave me samples. :)
show the knicks kings ... idc about victoza or proactive username
i knew finals were right around the bend when i had an adderall and a double shot of espresso for breakfast
username thank u! i got offered humira or infliximab wasn't keen on either ha i hate medication
omfg saphris is by far the worst pill ever
dj that type of nigga to drink two beer, and get more fucked up than he would on suboxone
jumbo conversationalists and are shells h even channel switch out. doink. level dexilant chatty moist bar and 3-way plucky
make an improvement yours offering lozenge personation with san diego seo
i really cannot stand darvin face with tears of joy unamused face
username started peeing all over...again...and was generally angry. so now he is on kitty prozac. peeing is 90% resolved, beating up
rt username my sleeping pills used to consist of ambien, trazodone percoset. now it's the golden girls on dvd. hastag fagcovery
ho-1 up-regulation: a key point in high-risk neuroblastoma resistance to bortezomib  hyperlink
username haha ek fluticasone furoate spray hi gift kar do :p
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hastag fda approved: hastag quetiapine aka hastag seroquel
username ive been taking it since last year but tonight ive thrown all my victoza in the bin really worried
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
women of childbearing potential should undergo pregnancy testing before initiation of efavirenz (efv) hastag livingpositively
funniest adderall had me like... tweet by far face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy username username username hyperlink
username so we are talking like £18,000? fuck me neutral face you're gunna need a lot of imodium to make that up
methadone clinic lady: what's that? a muffin, juice and suboxone for breakfast? me: better than heroin for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
username right, then i can empathise with you as the sarcoidosis has given me asthma, i am now on ventolin and symbicort, horrid
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hastag prozac
darkcoin apricot moron enbrel we eat muffins horse ebooks insert how. odor. kodak. spongebob butt pong pong
factoid for the day: reckitt benckiser makes both french's french fried onions and suboxone films. now that's diversification!
you on adderall rt username my idea of a fun friday night is making a smoothie and then trying to piece back together the fruit”
chairman viox asks re: possible addition at ams to relieve # of students. mason replies if username removes students, space opens up.
username i feel that way about my prozac. too often.
got that adderall on deck time to get work done this semester hastag strongfinish
username username perhaps he should try some imodium !
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
hastag pitchslam hastag coolparts i can’t remember if i took the temazepam or not and i reach into my pocket. the pills are still there.
snorting cymbalta with adge hastag sisterbonding hastag wereactuallynot hastag weresotired
username but a company was registered with cipro by part of the agang leadership!
i also tried his meds, to see what they taste like. lactulose tastes pretty good, but gabapentin tastes horrible.
it is a glorious day. the dog threw up on the carpet and i just gave my kid some miralax for his constipation. life is sexy.
username i guess we'll find out. that exubera device was ludicrous!
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
forms of birth control: 1.) depo shot syringe 2.) nuvaring heavy large circle 3.) u.s. army United States flexed biceps 4.) the pill pill
i need mimi to clear her throat and suck on a lozenge
username username 1. waldo's twin brother. 2. your stalker made it to create another method of seeking your attention. 3. zyprexa!
hastag myquitsmokingmessage what, your life aint screwing you enough that u need a nicotine stick up ur mouth/lungs, biyatch?
username username don't have symbicort but i have the albuterol inhaler. that should help.
you're right. the only reason i'm okay anymore is because of 40 mg of viibryd daily. (the highest dose btw) happy now?
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
username antara postman pat/thomas and friends flushed face police officer
username yeah,it can be caused by swelling from around a nerve from ra,but the effexor causes shaking like ur cold(shivering)
username taste like sugar, and not that fake ass spiriva shit either
things to do w/$150 instead of seeing paxil rose: give it directly to username 37 pairs of socks at username origami cicadas.
username well, you can get humira free too through the company. remicade is just too spendy. how u feeling?
uncontrolled diabetes? try adding metformin to your acarbose! (via username hyperlink
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
username username username username also surprisingly informative - learnt about new sildenafil prescribing rules by tweet.
boniva got her looking right.
the most upsetting thing about silver linings playbook, is how bradley cooper can take seroquel and still stay in shape.
symbicort seems to think that their main target audience is furries
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
thank you fluoxetine generic for prozac sincerely, me
username alumna and walgreens resident username giving dr pieper his zostavax hyperlink
just found out my favorite bracelet is actually a nuvaring :(
2 imodium and a cup of tea, that should do it right? hastag fuckitletsdothis
campbell's advice to drugs indy: stop being defensive, use social media to tell your own story. thalidomide was a long time ago. hastag abpiconf
what is the concern about concomitant administration of buprenorphine with amiodarone?
are selling sparkling mortal instruments you farted stretch bliss turd the killing imodium ad bob newhart mickey mouse maze
username the light never bothered me. i've had insomnia for years. lunesta seems to be the only thing that helps recently.
username oh and forgot to mention i will also have a ground up paxil and 5 mg of propanalol. deelishus! ;)
i found miralax and chocolate milk imma make some and then take somw reg lax when i get home
full of tysabri hastag druggedup
time to start shoving adderall down my fellow vegas goers' throats hastag turndownforwhat hastag vegas
problems with ces diagnosis as drugs often causes issues gabapentin and pregabalin can cause urinary inctoninence. hastag physiofirst14
username just few rx butrans patch10 mcg $400, crestor 10mg $190, cymbalta $280 this is just a one month supply total $870 i am on disability
victoza ad portrays healthy lifestyle choices for those maintaining diabetes. why not do this before using the drug? hastag xoomainfo
get some prozac backhand index pointing right @kmichelle: that situation should've been handled differently. i've grown and i'm continuing to grow. glad username
username i now take tramadol pregabalin (used to be gabapentin tho they're v similar) is the only combo that keeps me pain free x
really appreciating my mom's live updates after chugging miralax this morning hyperlink
let me be your fiend, you'll be my nicotine.
username username do episodes like this make you sometimes wish the adverse effects of thalidomide had not been recognised?
is it just me, or does the drug latuda sound like it should be a gas-relief aid??
username username that's not good... casts some doubts on whether mylotarg benefit in flt3-itd amls will be long term :-(
trying to figure out the name of the medicine from the depression hurts commercial. i said lunesta. josh said abreva. turns out its cymbalta
produk philips beauty antara lain air stylist, hair dryer, lady men shaver, hair staightener, ionic brush@philips id hastag rambutsehatphilips
vyvanse heavy check mark starbucks heavy check mark now i guess i can start working. :/
tadalafil recreational use
so, because people are awesome, i don't have to wait for the insurance to start humira. have been offered some by other means while i wait!
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
username i think its a good idea but hard because of different progression rates e.g im eligible for tysabri (itsgreatforme) others
username : if you think latuda is right for you, contact your doctor.
username darvon gotta use the car soon so that would be pointless
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
kiss a nigga taste that nicotine
i love that my dad works for astrazeneca. free nexium samples for daysssss
metformin experience of a friend, the side effects were horrible on the first 2 days, blog says
username i take valium/baclofen supp that help me tremendously
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
so this levothyroxine, im supposed to take on empty stomach and not w effexor. gah. i usually take effexor as soon as i get up in morning.
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
a handful of fluoxetine wouldn't go amiss right now.
username (the lunesta sex of the lesbian couple on grey's anatomy comes to mind)
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
these are pointless tweets. thanks to temazepam for bringing out the realness.
username you need some ciprofloxacin
why does she take bc? why do you take lipitor, or prozac or cialis? dumb ass
username username i am on klonopin..maybe ask your dr for it for anxiety..it works well..i am on viibryd and tapering cymbalta
hastag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
username what kind of meds is your dad on? i get tysabri.
username yeah i have asthma. next time you go see your doctor, ask if you can start using an advair
hahahaha omfg gabapentin can cause liver damage and cause cancer. fuck it, i'm fucked.
denosumab solves dogging as regards mandible inroad irruptive commonwealth in spite of prostate moth and rust: .xjk
any 1 realize the purple inhaler username was breathing from is advair not a rescue inhaler. u don't use it if u can't breath!
username i use miralax as a chaser with my belvederes dawg
and celecoxib (1%). records indicated that 15.5% of ischemic stroke patients were using nsaids after discharge,
username with all the neg. press abt. pharma and useless tamiflu attacking hastag homeopathy is just a smoke screen 2 hide the real prob.
i take this medicayion.. lol.. username fluoxetine
i'll take the usual. just a little miralax on the rocks
username can't blame rick for thalidomide pal
crap! almost took another dose of tramadol and esomeprazole as i'd forgotten that i had taken it earlier hastag cantsleepbuttired hastag sleptthroughday
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
username that fly needs some sildenafil dude!
good news. doc giving me xarelto + sending me on my way. need to see specialist once home need to find a flight home. thx for prayers!
fuck some lamictal...almost died. hastag fuck
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
when u can fuck whoever you want because you have a nuvaring hyperlink
username yep. i injected some boniva into aaron rogers collarbone.
username girl u probably constipated speak-no-evil monkey take some miralax stool softeners hundred points weary face that's what i had to take after i had lo
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
username username username just sucked back a cialis in preparation. slammin piss and poppin ass like prozac in the dirty tent.
username username advair
i hate that crestor commercial!
username yep, i’m singing the avodart blues!
username hello ldywholelunches, how is the lyrica going? i'm looking at going on the for pain.
username username pts cannot pronounce metoprolol
hastag cancerdrugprices natco got cl to make sorafenib without innovation, research, testing?yet their price approx rs 9000/120 tabs monthly dose?
depression hurts, cymbalta can help hastag peace101 hastag headedhome hastag summertime username username hyperlink
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
username miralax helps flush my 3yo daughter’s cache flow.
thee tamiflu commercial is funny , likee flu is kickin his ass .
username username hastag pharmacists recognize nuvaring warnings as consistent with those for most oral contraceptives
username is januvia right for you?
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
looking for the price of ciprofloxacin and the sites keep on redirecting me to online stores for viagra. wtf
username miss the advair hahaha
the fact that i can start smoking again &gt; paxil is the shit
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
this commercial for victoza has me wondering why one would take it. seems like the only side affect it doesnt cause is instant death.
the mental illness circle is not without it's elitists: i'm on effexor. pfft amateur.
username is adderall not working for you or w/e? b/c strattera has a pretty high failure rate and potentially nasty side effects. :/
username remicade until i developed antibodies to it around 2005. started humira same year, so 8 years. you're in great britain?
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
rt username handjob for a lipitor? i'll suck ya dick for a boniva! every. single. time i die
username plenty atenolol bidil cardizem digoxin effient fish oil heparin... should i continue xd i know they're lyrics..
being asked to have infliximab or humira anyone have any stories about which is better hastag crohns
time for my daily afternoon relaxation ritual by smoking lots of weed, and ingesting 2 mg of clonazepam, and 400 mg of seroquel xr.
there are 3 new oral medications for ms. gilenya seems slightly more effective than tecfidera or aubagio
username *shakes my paxil bottle and my titties* &lt;3
guess i don't have a seroquel for tonight. that's cool.
according to a study, dr.mario can produce ten billion tamiflu capsules a day however the wheather is.
username i am horrified and cry laughing and now i need ventolin
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
rule epilepsy in addition to pregabalin habit: .fhi
which is the largest selling drug .. hastag humira or hastag lupitor?@quintiles
congrats to exelon business services company reeder flying service for the successful adoption of the iqsms system! hyperlink
username well tenofovir emtricitabine which are in truvada, are very toxic w/prolonged use
username i'm on latuda and abilify for bipolar and it doesn't fucking work so what's the point
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
username you need a lozenge or sumn?
pharmacy joke of today... whenever i count a prescription for januvia i think of the princess diaries
username username username username username antara can u tell me is it a prcp pic i have msd 15 min of epsd
currently fighting with my metformin medication. it's winning. i'm losing terribly! hastag infertilitysucks flushed face
username lost weight this year, which let me go from advair 500/50 all the way down to flovent only (with occasional albuterol).
cedar valley vineyards brings together hispanic coconut essences and a incomprehensible albuterol finish in their 1994 bordeaux. hastag che
username still!!!! you need some imodium stat!
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
username , username looks like tswift, lorde, meridia combined in the dress she bought for you. hastag hopeyoureready
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
back hurts.. again! :( celecoxib to the rescue!!!
oh, good. pandora recommends that i try cymbalta for the pain i'm now in over the killers' lyrics.
switching from enbrel to orencia. has anyone done this?- tim
username it's all about the long view, right? humira has side effects for a few days, but totally worth it!
username trazodone was good for keeping me asleep but as an anti-depressant it's practically useless-
if you ever wanna make money, open a suboxone clinic. my word to god you'll retire at a relatively young age.
username ah right. if it's just opiates she avoids, there's nsaids - ibprofen/naproxen/diclofenac, or possibly pregabalin or gabapentin
my mama make sure i take and put my nuvaring back in!! but i think i wanna get off it
username i'm about to shoot fluticasone furoate up my nose username username
update 2-merck to pay $100 mln in nuvaring contraceptive settlement
the ppl on suboxone always try to buddy me up and it just makes me feel so sad
owl glen vineyards incorporates viscous wood chip flavors and a lithe albuterol flavor in their 1991 pinot grigio. hastag forex
username username but (1) they had the highest average dose used in a trial (2) not plausible valsartan has this effect.
username nothing wrong with that answer! not remembering is my middle name - neurontin man! that's me.
username fistulas suck!! pouting face i hope the meds closes it up. humira is working on mine. remicade worked for 6-7 yrs thumbs up  hastag crohns
you don't want to prescribe tramadol for the guy on citalopram, gabapentin and linezolid.. codeine will do? hastag pharmacyaprilfools
i think my 9 year old needs cymbalta :(
habituales a passionate albuterol aroma and fetid marigold flavors are entangled in the 2009 bordeaux from toad meadows winery. performing
tamazepam and diclofenac :( bad bad times
why is it taking so fucking long to get my new atm card and my debit. da fuck meridia
avelox cialis
instead of doing my english research paper, i'm researching the difference on focalin adderall face with tears of joy
username username baclofen and e-cig are probably the 2 magic deux ex machina of public health !
the tenofovir and the emtricitabine are in combination of three a two proportions respectively.
username its not. its just one of many forms: patch, pills, ring (nuvaring)shot (depo-provera) cervical cap username
nothing makes me want to strangle someone more than the sound of them sucking on a goddamn lozenge
actually, also loving it because it is a medicine for bipolar disorder and they named it latuda hastag aptlynamed hastag rachet
username username symptoms can come and go a bit, depending on envt'l factors and other stuff. flovent is insanely expensive.
rt username i wish there was a vyvanse's day so i could show vyvanse how much it means to me.
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
username username username username i take dutasteride and use rogaine. has definitely helped stabilize the situation
username username (butts in) ep 1 he drugged wife 1 with temazepam then staged car crash that killed her. true story apparently :o
caught big dustin yesterday at walmart buying imodium and 4 packs of whitey tightys..
dropping a cymbal is no reason to reach for cymbalta.
username that was a blessing in disguise! cipro is poison, stay away from it if at all possible!!!
username nope! for some reason it's 1 tablet 3 times a day... and 150mg venlafaxine xr in the morning. xx
well it's been a shit day went for my tysabri after 4attempts couldn't access the port so home i went with a banging headache!how's ya all
username oh man levofloxacin? i've had that same exact pill it hated me though. hope it does you justice!
let's get this right metformin is the mother but needs a son! deficiency: we want to squeeze wht's left in pancrease -sulfonylurea
username it's probably cipro resistant so yes. you'll need a different kind of abx
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
two roles i've seen sally field in: mrs. doubtfire and boniva commercials
username username or some sildenafil if you know what that is winking face
username and then sildenafil citrate put him out of business?
urusan rasmi antara abam dan jpa. selesai utk hari ni. looking forward to the next appointment with them!! OK hand OK hand hyperlink
why would they want a repeat of what happened with azt with aids or thalidomide with morning sickness relief
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
glory be to god for las pastillas de diclofenac
username username username victoza also being studied for use in t1
better prosecco than prozac, that's my motto! mine too, sweetheart.
drug username chemical substance? rt username imodium to the rescue”
i probably need cymbalta. lol
*laughs heartily* wrath? i do not fear you... remember your place and hold your tongue, dear meridia
username username spiriva blisters?
username username had a nurse the other day tell me about a care home crushing olanzapine to put in food of dementia patients...
username username lyrica causes me allergies
latuda is a medication for bipolar/depression. it sounds like a medication to help you toot. i can't stop giggling. not the effect they want
username oh, yeah. you should see my yacht, the ss paroxetine hydrochloride. hastag wehavenopolioinamerica , hastag afactyourefusetoacknowledge
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
keagan has the flu. so tamiflu and no school for a few days.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” you need one username
drugs that reduce fat absorption such as orlistat, or appetite suppressants such as sibutramine may be used as part of treatment of obesity
username bro you're nexium lead not co lead smirking face
username 41 days of levaquin ordered until cultures are back with specific bacteria results. they are determined to cure infection first
username viibryd is so amazing. hastag changedmylife
who got dey nuvaring knocked outta place las night
username username username username do you have copd? i do asthma it's a pain, but if i use my advair inhaler i'm a lot better.
username username trazodone huh? thanks for the tip.
she sells lozenge-shaped logicians on lingerie futures at the seashore.
humira looks like it can protect you from everything but obamacare!   hastag betterlivingthroughchemistry
username exubera anyone? $mnkd will follow the same fate...why would this time be different..btw pfizer discntnued due to poor sale
i get my suboxone on 10/13/14 i need something now
basically what i'm saying is, payless kmart crestor the general insurance other various franchises out there need to step their game up!!
username yep. we're trying to get her socialised with other dogs a bit more. her energy is relentless. me and my mum are taking ella for a
drug combo helps smokers quit. treatment with varenicline and bupropion help smokers who fail to respond to the nicotine patch.
username have any info on asenapine sublingual? tried new prescription, nearly knocked me off my rocker. hastag powerful hastag ickysideeffects
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hastag cantsleep
aciphex and fioricet to the rescue raising hands
definitely not to me rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
ah, i remember those days!! rt username just had my 46th infusion of tysabri go-go juice. ooh-rah!!!
i'm on that miralax swag!
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
tysabri infusion #11 today. disappointed, never hear from biogen to see how feeling. $100k/year med warrants a quarterly call. hastag tysabri
username go see a doctor. tamiflu will knock it out.
latuda is a medicine for depression? it sounds like the spanish translation for thundercunt.
i paid my the money waited for 2 days nigga a week later i called username dude told me he was still busy with cipro.
username good info. my experience with people on suboxone has been disappointing to say the least
ring ring. hello cowntess. zostavax vitamins sun star wars toby keith paino. you are so the sahara buffet you can samoan a last week.
username hello mrs, how was the widower, unsuccessful in his pursuit of temazepam i hope? ....
username go to boots and buy some non herbal 'nytol'. available behind the counter. otherwise get temazepam from doc.
rt username $frx finally launches namenda xr in us, 3 years after approval. twice daily to once daily, but more importantly extends …
p.rosenfeld:subanlysis of view 1&amp;2 eylea eye drier than lucentis, eyes w persistent fluid after 3 mths benefitted from monthly eylea hastag retina
hastag fda hastag cvot ratner: what happened w/ $gsk rosiglitazone ( hastag avandia) has severely damaged equipoise; asks can we do tide trial again  hastag diabetes
i hate metformin pill
username lyrica for me was a nightmare i will never promote that drug it was so scary and did not help with pain
and i'm pretty sure the long acting albuterol in advair is what helps me most
new treatment reverses hair loss while treating arthritis. tofacitinib reverses alopecia and plaque psoriasis.  hastag reversehairloss hastag medical
life's a bitch she tryna do me in, but i fuck her raw she got the nuvaring
username username yeah i get a discount for my aubagio too
username username vioxx is the one that was taken off the market. any med can have the potential for side effects, doesn't mean you will:)
adverse reactions to ssris may include anxiety , insomnia, and paroxetine ,orthostatic hypotension may occur.
veeprho pharmaceuticals s.r.o. is a manufacturer and supplier of all impurities of moxifloxacin as per pharmacopoeia rrt.
really glad that blythe danner is doing more prolia commercials, but i wish that she could have a hastag consciousuncoupling with osteoporosis.
like you're fuckin crazy.. you need prozac
i'm not kidding who has adderall
cnbc-tv18 alert: seroflo is cipla’s salmeterol/ fluticasone mixed dose inhaler
at least with getting my teeth pulled out, i can blame not feeling anything on codeine
here's hoping pristiq will magically fix my brain. hastag yeahright
hastag aap thanks antara mukherjee from united states for donating rs 2611 with tx. ne386580 on nov 26 2014 10:19am hastag womendialogue
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
is it me or did a boniva just fall on the stage? hastag sallyfield hastag oscars
use adderall to make your plans and alcohol to follow through.
trying a third of the dose of pregabalin to reduce the weirdness, floating n hazardous bumping into things!
to get your better life with this product sextreme oral jelly - sildenafil citrate 120mg hyperlink
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
is metformin safe for your patients? learn more on username
good thing phil took his enbrel today for his rheumatoid arthritis! hastag pgachamp hastag oldageprobs
did michael and john take lunesta ? hastag peterpanlive
am i the only one that has never understood the tamiflu commercial with the huge guy and all the little things..?
username i'm back to normal a1c thru diet exercise meds however doctor took me off januvia so we will see the docs are disagreeing
username wish i could say no more enbrel injections (administered by myself) and no more blood tests.
fda approves paxil (paroxetine) for menopausal hot flashes. can somebody please regulate the fda?
hastag seroquel is my best friend. she sure knows how to calm me the fuck down.
i like pretending the granddaughter in blythe danner's commercial for prolia is apple martin. hastag gwynethsdaughterwouldneverdotvcommercials
needing some fluoxetine
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
on my way for my 3 month tysabri review, fingers crossed it's made a difference. hastag ms hastag mssucks username username
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
subscribers: the briefing summary for thursday's padac was just sent. topic-boehringer ingelheim's spiriva respimat (tiotropium) spray hastag copd
~fangirlea~ me sigue cipro sdkjdfhkjfdhkj xddd!!!
username weekly enbrel injections. paracetamol. ibuprofen. i'm sure you know the drill. is yours worse in winter?
hastag tips. sodium alendronate belongs to the subgroup of nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates; it acts as a potent inhibitor of osteoclast.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” bananas = prozac.... thumbs up
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
prolia commercial was so about marijuana! username username
good thing i have a full course of levaquin left over from my bronchitis. it may be overkill but i don't have time for this.
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
username most of drugs i do review for are dubious fly by night indian frikin sildenafil drugs. they promise erection leading to priapism.lol
from jessica i have recently changed anti-depressants from cymbalta to zoloft...does anyone else get daily migraines from taking zoloft?
username gabapentin 300mg. thoughts?
do you guys know what geodon is? lol
username ur daughter is a junkie ho...tell her to go ahead take her methadone or suboxone and keep putting out nude pics trashy junkie
username codeine doesn't agree with me. i'm coming off oxycodone, p and oxynorm and onto duloxetine.
username adam, do you think exubera surprise lung cancer warning would have a big effect on adcom $mnkd
sesame street has been brought to you today by the letters rebif and flovent hfa and by the number oldsmobile.
you want to order tamiflu profilactically for your patients and i give you 99 boxes all i have and you say that's not good enough. fuck you!
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
starting an adderall binge
really? you think taking miralax while pregnant caused your kids autism? i guess you really can't fix stupid
username i know, and guess what, im out of the muscle relaxers now, all i got left are 6 of the cipro.
suboxone got me on cloud 53
i'm going to try to start letting you all know how much i love you soon ((but not now bc i just took my trazodone and sleep beckons))
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
28-zip. utah, and the first quarter isn't over. prozac sales skyrocket in utah county.
adderall to stay focused, xanax to take the edge off, and lipitor... well, because i'll probably die without it. hastag tahabelfort
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
dutch press is reporting how hastag nuvaring risk data was hidden from hastag fda by organon.  hastag birthcontrol hastag womenshealth
ask dr. k: osteoporosis medication offers benefits but also risks: my doctor wants me to take fosamax for osteoporosis, but the drug ...
username have restarted metformin with gfr &lt;30 a number of times-500mg daily works well. off patent so less comp impetus to tinker.
username username username got some nitrile gloves while i still can and the best price for loperamide is at dolarama plus puppypads
username will some1 please contact me vis-à-vis nexium game time photo shoot, job: nex176237. talent would like 2 get paid; shoot was in july
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
any of my friends take cymbalta? did you have side effects when you started? did they last long? hastag fibro hastag peripheralneuropathy
you woukd think going off of cymbalta would make me less tired...but nope...-_-
clutching my beloved fluticasone spray. yay pharmaceuticals.
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
username username - i hope he has better luck with his prescriptions than me. my ins co won't pay anything for the nexium my dr prescribed.
comment on is eylea covered by medicare? by samuel smith - in south carolina there are several medicare companies...
username hm, as someone who was prescribed temazepam once after a major life event i could write a piece or two :-p
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
username there are two main types of stimulants, one like focalin or concerta and one like adderall or vyvanse. my kiddo is a nightmare
username i've done the pill, the patch, the shot, nuvaring, and the mini pill. nuvaring was by far my favorite.
username would i have to ween myself off the advair and albuterol?
username lol... totally wrote something smart-ass, but decided to delete it. either way, that sucks. :)
exelon gets pepco in $6.8b power deal - usa today
rt username head zaps the feeling that electric jolts are coursing through your brain, is one of the first symptoms patients fee…
username username i am, actually! think we caught it early, so the tamiflu will work it's magic. that a 2 hrs nap this afternoon :)
username username i do too! either use computers or go right to human trials. in the 90's the painkiller vioxx was put on (c)
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
so, the doctor on this crestor commercial is pretty darn fine... :)
carbamazepine, phenytoin, gabapentin, pregabalin can exacerbate generalized seizure syndromes.
my heroine, my cocaine, my plum wine, my mdma...my nicotine, my blue dream, my hydroponic, candy jelly bean hastag pusher
levofloxacin... the true meaning of antibiotic ! &lt;3
username celcoxip vs metoprolol
anyone need an active and chill clan on hastag clashofclans ? join mine , aciphex (:
sunovion pharmaceuticals inc. announces fda approval of latuda (lurasidone hcl) as monotherapy and adjunctive therapy in adult patients…
username i also know a sildenafil and her brother citrate. named after what daddy had to eat to make them.
some rebelution radio and a little bit of trazodone will get me through tonight. hastag calm hastag clear
imodium ad senioritis
oh fuck this : the most common side effects reported while taking latuda are somnolence — a strong desire to sleep — (22%)
i'll fight yer for yer temazepam
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
username i have oxycodone (in gelatine capsule, grr, wish it was veggie) naproxen (in kind-to-stomach coating) takes an hour :(
man i aint trying to hangout with that nuvaring
username see!!! you might be better off using nuvaring &amp;/or ortho-tricyclenlo (pill)
boehringer is convinced it has acted correctly regarding safety of pradaxa hastag biapc
mmrl discovery of ranolazine and dronedarone combination for atrial fibrillation completes phase 2 clinical trials. phase 3 coming soon.
i've gotta start taking boniva hastag sallyfieldlooksgood hastag oscars
username my throat hurts so much, especially when i swalllow, what do i do? weary face .. help me”take a lozenge
username heard this argument many times before. problem is that suboxone for addiction is not the same as insulin for a diabetic.
dudes taking metformin who don't need it: you're reading too much username stop it.
we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, prozac.
...and yes, nicotine is a drug
travelling with sister morphine brother olanzapine, valium and tramadol have dropped in 4 a visit as well. meds, i'm on them.
the one team meeting with pepco / exelon hyperlink
fun facts: do you know what meds r 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combination of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
username username flovent the inflated salary but not willing to shoulder responsibility . you don't get paid for nothing
ugh i just threw up my nuvaring
username username it's bronchitis. antibio levaquin for 5 days should take care of it. it did last year.
username i have vampire fangs! :0 ermagherd! meridia would not be pleased :( hyperlink
what will the probe into the brilinta trial mean for astrazeneca?: the parade of investigations launched by government agencies into ...
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
having been prescribed fosamax, boniva, actonel or a like medication?
username i hope you took your imodium
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hastag yuck
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username ok! copd! he takes advair oxygen?
new fycompa registered (perampanel) data presented at international epilepsy congress (iec) ...
username username megdosin on ventolin yes but no way any other inhaler your not on neb solution why co your not 2 ill
username are you getting trouble breathing at night? i have to have ventolin now and then just to sleep :/
if death had a taste, it would be saphris
trouble on my mind - tyler the crestor ft pusha t.
username i started at 7.2 now with crestor and 3fish oil tablets a day,down to 2.1,pretty good results in 3mths
being a bestie is enough. inshaallah. lau ade jodoh antara kita we'll be more than a bestie
username have you tried an snri? pristiq is killer.
username is that fluoxetine i see? ps stalkin uuuu
username the vimpat is what i’m coming off at the moment. i’m cutting out caffeine from coffee atm all together to see if it helps.
username fish should not be fermented after already being salted and pickled. that's like wearing a condom with a nuvaring and iud.
username it was that vyvanse i was in a good mood  smiling face
username you told me about nexium bit i ain't listen, i will now!
username wow, thanks for sharing your story. why is cipro still being prescribed??? it is a bad drug :(
these hoes love alcohol and poppin adderall
just when you think he doesn't get any lower rt username hoped that don lemon clip was a lunesta inspired joke but it was indeed real.
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hastag txfreestyle hastag barrdout
i have no idea who that post menopausal hastag prolia pitch person actress is, but she was probably good looking 50 years ago.
username expecting shares in imodium to rise on monday morning ;)
username pfizer dumped exubera as a flop. whether you take viagra is your business. glad you kicked your smoking habit, too.
a fixed-dose regimen of apixaban alone was noninferior to conventional therapy for the treatment of acute venous thromboembolism. hyperlink
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac username hastag explainsalot
i hate inhalers and i hate fluticasone and i hate conjugates right now. beaming face with smiling eyes  person gesturing NO person tipping hand person gesturing NO
night driver megacoin rob hubbard barker and teammate farting sending shoddy imodium ad grope rain a spain bath beyond. he was teaching
ash fighting mucositis and hasn't past stool in the past 24 hours gave her mag citrate miralax and pumping the fluids hastag prayersforashley plz
that article that i just retweeted is gold. breaking a cymbal is no reason to reach for cymbalta
if using blood thinner pradaxa see username april 21, 2014 episode with lisa. laflamme and get informed
crown royal is the same thing as miralax
username pregabalin isn't a sleeper, it sorts out the neurotransmitter imbalance that causes the insomnia, a bit like an antidepressant.
days that i forget to take my vyvanse i might as well not even show up to my physics class...
reviews flow more easily with the assistance of beer. though not taken quetiapine yet.
just want to find out on my 18th birthday i'm actually the princess of januvia princess
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
taking adderall expecting to get hella work done and ending up getting really focused on something totally unproductive
username i could scream free suboxone and she'd probably break her neck looking for it thatd be easier
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
username the contraindicated drugs are latuda and phenytoin b/c phenytoin is a strong cyp3a4 inducer and can decrease latuda levels..
username our cycling teams antara was such a great car. had 8 bikes and 2 passengers in it in 1 go.
username username username gonna more sildenafil to get this election up and pumping.
i was in class and i get up to leave and accidentally drop a package of imodium out of my purse.guy reaches makes face.i drop class.
username username diclofenac works better than ibu- tmo ?
yeah i know puff puff pass just lemme get my ventolin
username username username lmao, i love how there's a suboxone ad right under her pic. how appropriate...
every one raise their wands to wish harry potter (and his crestor jk rowiling) a very happy birthday!!! hastag happybirthdayharrypotter
username what u mean i'm still on meds so that's why i don't trust him? i'm on suboxone was on 16ml now i'm on 12 ml
ice cream hey arnold! until my seroquel kicks in, again...
meds course livetweets hastag grayrock trials show quetiapine is only drug for bipolar disorder thats effective at both ends of the mood spectrum
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
i'm super bored and just took a restoril so i'm going to tell some of my female followers that they're beautiful...
i hate that stupid crestor commercial.
hastag aacr14 wilson. correlation of e2603 trial results somatic mutations and cnvs. trial with carboplatin paclitaxel, and cp +cps + sorafenib
ndri: bupropion (increased seizure risk, appetite suppression, less sexual dysfxn and weight gain).. sari: trazodone (sedation, oh)
username what the hell is vimpat keppra?&amp; the only bitch here is you.can't drop it and move on can you..nope drama.
this week is gonna require lots of adderall pill
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
nexium or denexiom or zoidex
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
rt@lafulegebyqed: rizzo winery combines toasty albuterol overtones and a melancholy coffee perfume in their 2012 zinfandel. hastag çok
username adderall and weed and alcohol then go stone sober every other week
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
username username username parry diclofenac much better for gout than alupurinol drink cherry juice
username oh wow, that sucks. i remember when i needed advair and a puffer for my asthma. not fun.
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
username im not about that suboxone life
effexor xr on deck face savoring food victory hand
hastag listen: non-hdl-c decreased at 3 months with rosuvastatin and atorvastatin but no differences between groups - hisao ogawa hastag esccongress
username eylea launch in australia was the most successful of any pharma product there ever, company says. impressed...
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
username username ur dreaming mate seriously yesterday you was viox wat you today bt again what a fucking show up face with tears of joy
username l's downcast face with sweat get that tamiflu
username can u make viox a logo
i wouldn't even doubt that protein powder is our thalidomide
interesting shared care pathway for denosumab in leicester hastag bopa
i guess we know who is going to replace sally field on those boniva commercials?  hastag ufc hastag anderson
username methadone, tramadol, zanaflex, xanax, effexor, my sis, my niece, my dad.
username avonex. weird cos originally they wouldn't give me interferons as had depression in 20s. i want tysabri but not offered :( x
username username it never had an affect on my ridiculously high anxiety. pregabalin was a godsend for that but going to be
started pristiq today. feeling better already. if that's not a placebo effect i don't know what is. maybe it's because it's friday..?
antara offroad dan caferacer :(
username username nah we're only on sitagliptin
username 2/2 after starting victoza and had to lower basal also her rapid i:c ratio.
antidepressant utk depress phase dan olanzapine hastag psych13 rt username username bipolar disorder ni normal ke? how to handle with this?
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
username username where did suboxone and subutex originate from? this is straight up population control in disguise.
i just want to cry and i never do that ... need that cymbalta hastag thisblows
sildenafil citrate tablets buy
username ppl never complain about messing up the metoprolol rx. just the benzos and opiates! hastag eventuallyyouwillknow
username i always get that day confused with sildenafil citrate apocalypse day.
nexium esomeprazole
username username traffic is always backed-up in imodium passage.
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
username username wooo! have you noticed relief/benefits from it? my hastag rheum said some see positive effects of hastag enbrel right away.
username just made meaningful typo ('jellies' instead of 'jollies'): kill your jellies, get yr jollies, with sildenafil citrate (v).
i could use some cymbalta right now..
username enjoy! top tip - pack plenty of imodium
vyvanse masks me so depressed
promo chateau renoir merges splendid crack-cocaine elements and a tummy-tickling albuterol aftertaste in their 2007 cabernet sauvignon. hol
now off buprenorphine which will hopefully not be in my system for when i have my teeth out mid october.
username username no trials of pregabalin against cfs indexed in medline, so can't say. moderately effective against fibromyalgia, so maybe.
username thank you for sponsoring hastag thementalist eliquis
hastag myquitsmokingmessage there is enough nicotine in 4 or 5 cigs to kill an average adult if ingested whole.
username get some username and a heating pad. celebrex is expensive, but it's the best nsaid. simponi and remicade are the best antitnfs
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
im talking about my emotions finally thanks adderall
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
the lunesta is starting to win this battle. ugh. stupid..
tamiflu and relenza: how effective are they?
someone forgot to order memantine hastag ironic
username thanks. i use both albuterol and tiotroprium (spiriva), but my diagnosis is end-stage, so it's just time. i'm ok with it. tks.
off to the las vegas strip for dinner, have to take my ventolin because apparently people smoke everywhere
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
michigan on some adderall at the moment
oh acid reflux how i hate thee, let me count the ways: dexilant 60mg famotidine 20mg
a day) and nelfinavir (750 mg three times a day—in the third world countries they also prescribe lopinavir or ritonavir instead of
scary movies and lots of caffeine and i didn't take my seroquel i feel like such a rebel &gt;:d and i also feel like an idiot but that's normal
rt username rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of blood pressure drug bystolic received speaking fees from its maker. http…
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
life really blows when you overdose on boneva
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
rosuvastatin might be better than atrovastatin in patients with t2dm. listen trial hastag esccongress
username viox killed a half a million people after manufacturers knew it was dangerous. profit outweighs safety.
th4 president can buy nexium now -use his own money -it otc -a little expensive, but, he should have no problem in that area.
username zero told me something., she said as she puts out a buprenorphine tablet, drink this.
need gabapentin more. .arrgghh acute low back pain attack me always!
fuck yeah...start reducing my suboxone in 2 weeks...so glad
username pradaxa and xarelto are two. but again, depends on other health conditions thag her dr would have to determine
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hastag blah
today i've had, a bacon butty, 3 imodium, 2 codeine, 2 fluoxetine and 2 omoprazole. oh and a galaxy for me tea. no wonder am wrote off.
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
username i've loved sally forever. the boniva is working.
i've heard the word bleeding like a million times in this xarelto commercial. hastag nothanks
grubby imodium ad
username apixiban is it 12 or 15 major persons with bleeding. it could be 15 bleeding events in 12 persons, but table 12 says persons, hastag events
not sure the paxil is working any more
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
username cesser metformin, cesser onglyza ;) (komboglyze = saxagliptine et metformine)
username theres a new tamiflu commercial
username got this problem right now. took my first pregabalin today in front of cpn whilst crying b/c of what it might do.
username she takes children's claritin daily and we up to 2x day when she gets sick. also flovent 44 2x daily.
managed an evening out no loperamide in bag. anxiety highs and lows and stomach churning but i managed it. no excuse to go home early!
analysts are looking for decreased profit for exelon when the company reports its results for the second quarter on thursday, july 31, 2014
jake sends me his essay on adderall to proofread. the first sentence states that adderall is currently helping him write the essay…
username username username well i don't get drunk but net time i get really manic ill skip my seroquel and have a go xd
username - (1) nexium is good med fix ! (2) stress less !
summer is a happy place. i am going to need prozac, cymbalta, effexor, paxil... to start school and miss my late nights with darin. :(
username i believe so! she wanted me on effexor but then found out i have rx insurance so pristiq it was. it has worked ~wonders~, too
plenty of 'healthy' varenicline hastag nrt is available to hastag smokers at username hastag suicide is hastag onegoodreason to quit. hyperlink
username username of the two, $orex still has a shot at the eu market, where 2/3's of meridia and xenical sales occurred
boniva is a great name for an osteoporosis medication because osteoporosis has to do with bones and the sound bone is in the word boniva.
hastag fda has approved paroxetine (ssri), to treat moderate to severe hot flashes associated with menopause.
who got that albuterol on deck tho? face with medical mask
tis' the season when everyone buys adderall in the library hastag finals
hastag pharmacy discounts - save up to 65% - username - levothyroxine sodium -
username username tums ain't gonna cut it for what i got planned. i started taking nexium today.
oxycodone was my fav pill ;)  hastag wisdomteeth hastag fatface hyperlink
username i'm very upbeat.. thank god for meds.. celebrex savella cymbalta help so much
*checks to see if she beat username to it* generic sildenafil is no longer sls! a good day for sexual health smiling face with smiling eyes  hastag pharmacy
username nah one is a muscle relaxer cyclobenzaprine and the other is some type of pain reliever diclofenac idk
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
having the day from hell!! arrived for my tysabri only to find they couldn't see me in the diary. weird since they phoned me with the date
victoza does not sound like a drug that anyone should take. just saying.
username i was smacking damion today but i gave him latuda before he exploded” hyperlink
username i almost switched to vyvanse, but my doctor i decided that since i'm already used to the adderall (&amp; it's working well),
username you have the flu. go get some tamiflu stat!
starting to think fluoxetine actually works. what is this sorcery?
username naloxone and suboxone to name just two, both in short supply in the english regions.
*overly dramatic tweets about how i feel after my first sleep with seroquel*
strict diet of adderall and coffee today
but i still put the exelon patch on.
rt username just say no to hastag camh=no to hastag labatt hastag beamish hastag mccain hastag pizza hastag prozac hastag paxil worst hastag pusher hastag humantrafficking hastag onpoli http:/…
this weather should talk to its doctor about latuda today to help treat bipolar disorder
i just realized how weird nuvaring is
addictionuk username   :the impact of recent cocaine use on plasma levels of methadone and buprenorphine in patients wi...
stop taking victoza and byetta because they cause cancers. doctors don't want you to know about the side effects cause by medicines
sandra wants to do me shoulder deep but sandra is a thalidomide so just the fist it is...
username if you having trouble sleepin i recommend some lunesta
just completed my fourth enbrel injection, did it in my stomach this time as wasn't as bad as i though it was going to be hastag psoriasis syringe
my mother lipidogram: total c: 289 mg/dl/ldl-c: 170. 40 mg rosuvastatin after about 5 minutes. how good.
i know way too much about vioxx and naproxen. hastag medstats
in need of a lozenge
username ha! good call. i've heard booze and metformin don't go well so you do right!
was writing an essay then my adderall wore off and somehow i ended up watching piano tutorials of lana del rey songs on youtube
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
username username did you get some miralax to go with that cheese? grinning face with smiling eyes
username username username maybe unspoken worries about lt growth of tysabri while $biib focuses on tecfidera?
has anyone seen this eliquis commercial with the white dude and his son playing basketball.. it's so annoying. that white dude shoots like person raising hand
rt username new in hastag stroke: dabigatran benefits in hastag afib stroke prevention consistent across both asian and non-asian patients hyperlink
i swear to god i try to stop my delusions but there u are wearing female sweaters ok im heavy breathing i need my ventolin
what a relief it must be for the several generics makers to see ranbaxy clear the valsartan hurdle !
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
there ya go, fanwar antara exo l vs elf. meh i dont care. fandoms are stupid anyway~
talk to your dr. about januvia today. is that a drug or a black girl from brooklyn? ?
what if bon iver is a reference to boniva skinny love aint just about loss but bone loss in postmenopausal women hyperlink
funds added to exelon positions
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
username i sequence broke maridia's boss is in maridia
if you have bi polar depression you should take latuda altho it may cause a increase in suicidal thoughts
username hey is add about tamiflu now?
rt username someone give me some cymbalta please.
you think....could of had me on dexies by now or maintained my serequel script from maddington 2012............or valium from sir charlie or
7:54 pm nbc4 showed the spiriva elephant ad. he went for a ride in a convertible. then he went to a fair. he squeaked, i melted. i love him.
writing a us history research paper...this is one of them times that adderall would be good...
username username username username username username i take a low dose of pregabalin but my arms and back are making me
totally kidding it's a cover up the miralax is for me:///
gripe diovan horse ebooks of the second level in goatees and hamburgers. a deviated septum follow him too. armani defenseless. i like
username too much info. lol. take some imodium
finally home after a 4pm hospital appointment! went well, new neurologist agreed to take me off lousy lacosamide try topamax :-) hastag epilepsy
the day after my last dose of albuterol ima play free bird all day and just lay in a field of grass and roll around in dirt anxiety free
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
username it's called a formulary. my dr has to give me lipitor not crestor unless i want to pay. it is the way it is - worse w/govt va
he thought his geodon was poison ...i had to pop the capsule n mix it with the ice cream
and the insurance plans can stop providing coverage for avonex, or tysabri whenever the fuck they want.
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
username username lol i take saphris right now. i also have trazadone..it is worthless to me though.. i take 3 .. nothing.
recommend you watch thalidomide on bbc2 now: showing people who stood up to one big business and the greed and horror it perpetrated.
username well, it wasn't even offered to me so i think its the bp but they did offer aubagio and something that started with an i i think
saxagliptin increased the risk of hospitalization for hf. docs haven't fully assessed alogliptin's hf risk yet. hastag esccongress2013
so, yesterday i asked my dad how to spell lozenge, because i had forgot, the way this man answered me was like bitch, you should have known.
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
hastag phsm hastag hcsmeu esanum had a boehringer leader on the platform to answer questions on pradaxa following a ae scare. in some cases privately
username it all comes down to money, corruption and greed. the fda knows cipro is doing this to people, and they turn a blind eye.
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
username i'm on pregabalin too (for neuropathy) :) enjoy your pizza!
how the fuck are you gonna discharge me without suboxone or methadone. like what in the actual fuck
rt username it's times like sunday nights when i hate vyvanse a lot
username quetiapine has been good for my symptoms - although it has a lot of side effects. i'm on 600mg and sticking with it! xx
username for me, hastag humira 4 hastag crohns has been a nightmare - but that's how it can be w/ new hastag drugs incurable illnesses. stay po ...
tim anderson has a note on $azn - brilinta investigation could be really bad for the co. - as in pulled-from-market bad. r&amp;d still lagging
username diagnosed year ago, metformin dose increased 3 times, changed diet, excersised more, a1c went up . bit overwhelmed.
i wouldn't give username one measly little nexium pill even if i had enough nexium to run the biggest nexium cartel on the planet.
boston federal judge slims nexium antitrust case against astrazeneca, two generic companies, strikes theory of generics colluding together
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
some side affects of latuda for ya
if king david had prozac we wouldn't have the psalms.... ~ mark lowery
username username u took a lot of seroquel sweetie. im sure that's what the doctors told you too.u were on a ventilator in hospital.
. username somebodies been sunbathing while on cipro...lol
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
username topamax didn't work for me either, i've never heard of trileptal. if keppra keeps up the bad side effects, ask about vimpat
hastag bars rt username built like a boxer in the 40s with a 40 in my boxers on the porch with my shorty on suboxone
doctor won't prescribe me geodon anymore, only fat drugs. i guess i can't focus on looks anymore
the best and top generic medications for alzheimers disease like generic exelon, mirapex, cymbalta and hastag celexa at magnus online pharmacy
username u must take ur boniva everyday
cymbalta can help... hastag health hastag tbt username username
the major/ultimate weight loss agents are the anorexics. sibutramine (reductil) and co.
seroquel, let the match begin.
antacids can be used for the treatment of ciprofloxacin overdosage or toxicity!!... hastag getfamiliar
i think i just gave a little spaceman my darvocet by mistake. best nights sleep his parents will get in years.
darvocet (check), percocet (check), hillbillies (check), and a fucking gun. you know this party ended in fistacuffs. hyperlink
if you didn't wanna get pregnant then you shoulda put a nuvaring on it hastag girlcode
username username i can airlift my stockpiled paxil to nyc...
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
username username username synthroid = levothyrox et bentylol = dicyclomine
username username username this drug is far safer than tysabri and mitoxantrone which have already been approved.
username i didn't think it did much the first time i was on it; but it takes time to build up i think helps w/ hastag humira. hastag rheum
seroquel dreamin fuuuck it
bitches wanna cheers do motherhood lol nahh bitch my nuvaring gets put in every month lol person gesturing NO
username username username username username i am on cipro can't drink :( stupid bronchitis
tried to see what was on tv as a break from studying a pradaxa commercial pops on. i can't get away neutral face  hastag pharmacyeverywhere
just found out my infusion site 4 tysabri is in christiana too..i feel monthly trips to burlington coat factory or jersey might be necessary
how did i miss this gem the first time through ad season 4? you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial.
going to drop the q-bomb + co-codomol. hoping for a fast entry into la-la land. goodnight all hastag quetiapine
so $bmy's eliquis sales actually *fell* compared to last q -- at what point do investors care/worry?
fda is investigating two cases of death associated with olanzapine injection. take your time before degustation.
and remicade's always there as a backup in case the humira doesn't work. hastag crohns hastag biologics hastag decisions
rt username reading about lamotringine (lamictal) on the floor in barnes and noble learning about my medicines yolo
my heart absolutely breaks when a butterfly flies into my car while driving down the road. does that mean i need cymbalta?
username i’ve used a ventolin maybe 6 puffs in the last 10 years. i’ve had three or four today.
does januvia bring diabetics someone else to ride the see-saw with?
and opium cocaine meth suboxone percocets
lunesta in hand: what a great thanksgiving i am blessed
hastag healthcanada pulls 5 medications off the shelf: amlodipine, ciprofloxacin, lamotrigine, norfloxacin and telmisartan. hastag cbcmtl
username i'm a little surprised that oxy and suboxone aren't higher on that list
i forgot how quickly lunesta dissolves into wine. science is my friend.
username scott-glad i found u -get rx for suboxone asap -rehab centers do not want u to try it becuz it works !for any/all addictions.
i've had a sweaty-ball-sucking day!  there are way to many dick-weasels in the world and now i have to break out my oxycodone sam adams!
2011 pradaxa manufacturer boehringer ingelheim confirmed reports of 260 fatal bleeding cases worldwide that occurred in period of 3yrs.
pepsi vineyards entangles voluptuous velvet undertones and a hard-to-miss albuterol bouquet in their 2012 pinot noir. hastag heart
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hastag trippinballz.
like his enbrel adverts rt username twitter poll: phil mickekson. love him. loathe him. don't care
nice analogy from doc today re adhd drugs: mephen like a light switch; atomoxetine like a thermostat; lisdexamfetamine like a dimmer switch.
username cipro levaquin and avelox is more like an atomic bomb in the body and all other fluoroquinolones. it happens to millions
i love when words like darbopoetin pop into my head for no reason. hastag nursesunderstand
if i could take my tysabri i really would!but i have to wait as usual.
guess going 2take new tysabri since risk for side effects much lower than i thought. but this is more exp risky than treatment obama took
oxycodone oxycontin oxykitten..meow seems logical winking face with tongue
username username she uses ventolin inhaler yea and either qvar or dulera? either way, she betta be taking them!
username username username lol man doobs told me uncle creepy got busted for some kind of suboxone lol
i feel bad that meridea and i rushed into things, everything i ever felt was wasted, i feel like we could've been so much more.
my dad's on gabapentin for his back which is cool cause lady was on that for her hips
username sales of cipro spiked after first anthrax attacks. idiots beg to give away their money.
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
air is on, electric blankie is on, 2 doses of gabapentin in...hopefully some decent rest tonight. this pmr, mctd, lupus crap sucks!! face with steam from nose angry face face with medical mask
caution: crestor contains a liquid core which, if exposed due to rupture, should not be touched, inhaled or looked at. do not taunt crestor.
i just got a legit script for darvocet n 100. are you fucking kidding me
username username username yeah whoops sorry latuda
i'm permanently on symbicort as a preventer for athsma, have tried doubling dose as it's a good chest infection remedy but not shifting it
apixaban reduces both cva and bleeding cf warfarin in af. aristotle trial 18000 pts hastag anes2013
xarelto is one pill a day. xarelto may cause uncontrollable bleeding. ask your doctor about xarelto.
$neot username username actually think they are using an injectable formulation of salmeterol (serevent/advair) to reduce beer belly ;)
well played tysabri...kicking butt hastag nosleep.
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
as resp specialists i think we focus so much on the copd we don't pay enough attention to co-morbidities that are contributing to symptoms
username but hastag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hastag rheum
username username had my tysabri infusion yesterday. its good, 2 hours smiling face with sunglasses i've had no side effects grinning face with big eyes bring a book or music headphone  thumbs up x
username used to be on bystolic but too expensive, so new pcp switched me to metoprolol. but before the beta blocker, i had heart rate of
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
username imo, this is more about slowing patient switch from aranesp to hastag biosimilar, not an attempt to show inferiority of hastag biosimilar
username dude i was doing that all day after my first class but thanks to fluticasone no more sniff-sniff well for now i guess
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hastag vyvanse
lovely study by gao et al (abstract 2800) on the effects of # tofacitinib on hastag fibroblasts in hastag psoriatic hastag arthritis hastag acr14
username lmao its better than the nicotine lozenges that loodite and brennan use to use
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of its contents love us adverts.
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hastag diabetes
username username doc suggested imuran or methro...or i can go to remicade or humira
my kingdom for a denosumab
hastag a hastag pitmad by the year 2589, earth is nothing more than a desert, and twenty-seven-year-old detective darvin mooray's heart is just as bare.
that lovely feeling of peace when a tamazepam kicks in...
took an oxycodone and i'm still in pain.
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hastag venlafaxine hastag day10
so wait..... what if you take cymbalta............ but you have no depression?
latuda is an antipsychotic med. it's used to treat schizophrenia manic depression associated w/ having bipolar i/ii disorder
tried them didn't work. got pregabalin they don't either. hastag pillswappingstories. ha ha username username username
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hastag mastersdegree hastag sofaraway
spamming justin and not being noticed hurts cymbalta can help
everything can be fixed, antara nak atau tak nak je. but always remember, they're humans too. they have the right to live or leave.
advair vs. spiriva
doc: we tried xanax me:didn't work d:prozac m:nada d:lorazepam m: zip d: it can only mean one thing m: ??? d: you're just an natural asshole
this nexium need to hurry up &amp;&amp; kick in...
psa ~ trying to pull yourself up out of a dreadful hangover by taking adderall only confuses your mind and body and which planet you're on
why do i get the feeling that if we were dealing w/ the thalidomide crisis today, republicans would block efforts to regulate drug testing?
pfizer bmy are applying for approval to use eliquis for treating venous thromboembolism vte.
never heard of the drug sibutramine before. turns out it was pulled from us market in 2010. why is it an answer choice if we dont use it? pouting face
ventolin inhaler and promethazine with my tea. confused face
username get that boy some imodium
username lol no p,i'll come but will keep my ventolin inhaler incase of incasity.
username i don't know that it's much different, i just thought they were very similar and pregabalin was newer and preferred.
i do baclofen which helps w incontinent urges but don't think it's good for the bowels. (very personal but wtf) anyone have insight for me??
it's disgusting how much money i spend on adderall
username lol! no. if i said i had a vivid imagination it would sound too much like bragging. the cymbalta does intensify it though.
i'm someone who avoids pills. i'm supposed to start giving gabapentin (neurotin) a try. nervous. if you take it, can you dm me?
the sinister secret of lipitor, crestor and zocor i got an e-mail.
username thank you for going after big pharma for manufacturer of oxycodone oxycontin. im a nurse, i've seen enough misery
poster 1537: clinical characteristics of ra patients newly prescribed tofacitinib citrate (tofa) in the usa after fda approval...
username username it used to be two of the emmys, but she's having trouble refilling her boniva thanks obamacare
username username username username username i take 4 - lamictal, zonegran, vimpat acteazolamide
that moment when you find your year old tamiflu prescription unopened and not expired hastag tybg hastag blessed
username sorry. the people i know who want vioxx have chronic painful diseases. they know the risks of every med they take.
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
rtu pour le baclofene! soon the sources of the full news... hastag baclofene hastag baclofen hastag alcoholism hastag alcoolisme
beginning to wonder, did we just get lucky with metformin? mt username savor trial disappoints - no cardiovascular advantage for saxagliptin
username i considered taking a pregabalin to ease the burden but i gotta drive colleagues. don't wanna wipe out the team!! zzzzzzz xx
username username am still waiting 4 tysabri appt an learnt my ms nurse leaving. weary face
does anyone else find that when you're on hastag add meds, finding the perfect adjective is so incredibly satisfying? hastag vyvanse hastag adhd hastag missadd
username but low-dose advair is tolerable and prevents you from having to resort to rescue inhaler. remember, albuterol today
username just the gabapentin (down to 300mg now) and the ibuprofen occasionally now. it's pretty useless and i do need to tell the gp
username backpacked all around india for 3 months ending in march. food sanitation is already shady as is! bring cipro just in case.
username i thought the point of sildenafil (sp?) was to stop the break down of cgmp by blocking phosphodiesterases ?
fb01 username katun mix brukat close 6des ready antara jan-maret hyperlink
ok lunesta do your thing. good night friends  :)
username haha this is in the leg and stomach. humira
username {anna looked gratefully straight into elsa's eyes.} thank you. {then, the smile weakened.} and...if meridia seems....strange,
chasing my dexilant with a cup if coffee. hastag gerd hastag youredoingitwrong
after like hella years i finally told my mom i needed some form birth control. but like i didn't mean the nuvaring though &gt;.&gt; fuuuuuuuuuuck.
yknow you cant eat nuts, but you want to eat em so badly, so standby dia ventolin and allergy meds thumbs down
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username rusty chainsaw. hastag smackoff  hastag lozenge hastag trapper
weather alert: excessive farts warning for audiophile and lunesta counties in sq until 4:00 pm bdt
username regarding your post on the tubby theory: why not go for pitavastatin or rosuvastatin?
ptsd anxiety stress really suck and putting up with cravings for the ganga and drinks which is what my suboxone for and diazapam for stress.
rt username diabetes drug onglyza and ddp4 inhibitor shown not to reduce cardiovascular risk in large clinical trial hyperlink
been on tysabri 17 months now with no relapse and no worsening! liquid gold in a drip !
that's none of my business though i guess frog face hot beverage naw that ain't tea...it's miralax cause you full of shit
sandoz has sued roche-amgen for their 'submarine' patents on enbrel that expire after april 2029. one of counts is 'laches in prosecution'
username biggest shock are the scale of rises in drugs whose incremental benefit is so low (zetia, vytorin, crestor and many others)
suboxone is a miracle drug if it is used properly. however, many abuse it now so they can use on the weekends. hastag drphil hastag enablingfamily
together tamiflu and i are feeling as though we could conquer the world in the possibly the next week or so.
username i'm tellin' ya--get an rx for fluticasone nasal spray--two sprays each nostril one time daily--you'll love it!
could someone give phil mickelson acting lessons? enbrel commercials ...zombie eyes.
ranbaxy still has exclusive rights for nexium generic - ceo: mumbai (reuters) - ranbaxy laboratories still has exclusive rights to the…
players should get drug tested at lan events and tournes. someone on adderall is just too op to shut down. reflexes like no other
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
i have decided to use my twitter as a kind of blog. i start tysabri in 4 weeks time and will be writing about my experiences, good and bad !
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hastag practicepoint
if you are chronically down, it is a lifelong fight to keep from sinking ” ― elizabeth wurtzel, prozac nation
username loving the photo - since when is oxybutynin an antibiotic? ;)
i think i'll just attempt to extra seroquel myself to sleep and hope everything is less infuriating tomorrow
hastag tysabri infusion number 4 tomorrow.
username plus she huffs her advair to get attention
latuda common side effects, excessive weight gain, vomiting,agitation anxiety dystonia dizziness fatigue,restlessness. hastag idratherbedepressed
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
t2 - treatment for al hastag amyloidosis frontline is either bortezomib or alkylator (melphalan) based hastag mmsm
username where did you get your alleged temazepam from?”
username hence why i'm not on it yet. told her i would rather not. fluticasone is helping just... slowly. sinuses are stupid.
username true. esp when given wrong meds. seroxat/paxil i'm looking at you! worst ad ever.
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. no am onto end though username
1 8oz glass of miralax laced drink every 20 minutes doesn't sound bad until you realize how filling having to chug it is. only 8 more left!
username username username username username username username ok~will try. they upped my gabapentin for feet so..
if i have to wind up going without my baclofen for a few days, its gonna suck swallow too :(
vyvanse is my one true love
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
username my regime is totally working, but i had to go through light oral first to clear up, then oral and biologic enbrel 6 yrs clear!
username i like the way the dvd cover is colour coordinated with the imodium packet...
username hey i need a lesson in what suboxone is, can you help?
username i know this was posted forever ago, but like i once told you before, adderall is prescribed like candy
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
username dexilant is great drug for hastag acid hastag reflux so happy with this drug!!!
username the lamotrigine and sjs just made chaos more vengeful and sadistic.
hastag news zydus cadila gets usfda nod for anti-hypertension drug: to market telmisartan in the strengths of 20 mg, 40 mg and 80 mg  hastag rt
username yo for real tho i started taking nexium and after about 2 months it helped a lot
i used to think boniva was a competitor to viagra. did nothing for my dick but now i have bones like wolverine. hastag osteoporosis
username username username all i’m gonna say is they gave me *way* too much miralax in the hospital.
pregabalin will be added to my arsenal on the 1st - i'm strangely excited xd hastag anxiety
username how many docs will be moving to velcade + rev + dex front line? that leaves lots of room for another option.
who's on/been on lamotrigine? hastag bipolar
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
levaquin is the most useless antibiotic ever!
i should really get my vyvanse refilled.
credit suisse says perrigo/elan might sell tysabri royalties, perhaps to royalty pharma (remember them?) or to biogen
review coffee espresso product - 40 pieces of 1-2 people for kalita coffee filter 101 rosiglitazone brown 10 pack set (japan import) ...
amount of men on tadalafil tho....ds life...
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i can fully appreciate that. i also suffer from a food addiction. i used victoza and lost 60lbs last year.
good news: namenda made huge improvements on my hastag crps hastag rsd
yep. time for bed for this one. i feel it. mmmm lunesta you do me right
username hi michael, we had to buy mom's meds through canadian pharmacy. seventy dollars ea. for 180 namenda and exelon.
rt username sucking on the moon like a lozenge
idk what victoza is supposed to do but the commercial was more about the side effects smh including pancreas failure and death
denosumab solves brain twister speaking of temporal bone losses inward population among prostate rust: .qqw
wishing i could be spending this vyvanse on something productive like crafts or working out instead of a slow day at work. hastag ugh
thought i saw a boniva convention in progress, but it was just a forever 21 store.
antara si dia dan si dia, which one will you choose?
rt username novo nordisk a/s drops as new eli lilly and company drug threatens victoza: staying up-to-date has never been ... http:…
then of course there's the ramapril falodipine a water pill advair the nebulizer once a day username
fucking crestor commercials.
10 desember 2014, antara doraemon the movie atau exodus: gods and kings
username i just took my last oxycodone confounded face
shet up latuda
username imodium works well for that
ex-div reminder for exelon corp.s trust preferred securities
username maybe they should take some boniva before every game
all students should be issued with clexane and metformin during swotvac hastag examhealth hastag studyeatsleeprepeat hastag deathviavia hastag examskillmenow
username username why username me you deranged thalidomide
username yes mam lol i didn't have a clue how to use the symbicort lol nurse had to help me
right about now i should take trazodone to knock my lights out but maybe twitter jail will instead
username they moved me to enbrel injections. yea the no drinking sucked!
username suboxone would be super ficking stupid i would go in perscirpated withdrawals
european approval interesting for $orex as roughly 70-75% of meridia and xenical sales were ex-us. no generic phentermine in eu.
breakfast: bran flakes and prunes. lunch: lentils and figs. dinner: i dunno. i'm thinking imodium maybe..?
really have to get rid of all these adderall vyvanse !!
username go purchase some cymbalta.
need some nicotine ...
username just get the liquid imodium and make your own kiddie liqueurs
i took a bunch of crestor and then i cleaned the grill with my fucking mouth.
username they have steroids and like some other shit in them. can't remember now but alvesco is like basically inhaled prednisone w/i
idk, i think the actual victoza commercial is as ridiculous as the parody.
username crohn's. i'm taking humira at the minute. they're pretty similar drugs aren't they? remicade will be the last for me to try 1/2
username username try large dose of seroquel
username nexium is the shit pal
i'm going to take a low baseline dose of lamotrigine. if i become depressed i will increase the lamotrigine and also take 1.25mg olanzapine
blowing dis gas wit darvon
$arna fenfluramine + phentermine = it will cause damage to heart valves . that is a fact!
username and the non-stop partying!? (d.sanders)? these players now days are too sensitive! too much adderall one direction!
in nexavar case in india, bayer's sales were practically zero, before compulsory license. cl had no impact on bayer's profits. username
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
let's see about this trazodone.
username  sorry this is the link to sign the petition. many people have died from the medication avandia and many are permanently damage
the quest isn't starting bc meridia doesn't want to talk to me lmao
username username conditions, that's a good idea. but pain clinic still only gave me pregab and celecoxib until i had surgery 2...
one of the warnings for latuda anti depressant medication is to not drink grapefruit juice or eat grapefruit. how did they discover that
so... boneva seems to work. looking good sally field! hastag oscars
addicted to nicotine badly.
if a side effect of latuda isn't flatulence, i call bullshit.
lower risk of progression of multiple myeloma among vets on metformin (diabetes drug). need to find the metabolic pathway. - colditz hastag dbsr
hmmmm rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
10. stood on stage? in school auditoriums, yes 11. been depressed? i'm a 2 prozac a day kind of depressed 12. smoked? i have bad lungs
username efavirenz needs banning!
username my doc may switch me to tysabri in october after my mri in august or september
username sounds painful. wouldn't a lozenge shape be easier? probably harder for the post office to store though. lozenges don't stack
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username hastag ratkiller hastag nerd peta will get mad at you for administering metoprolol to a rat lol
username username username  i have been on paxil since my parents divorce.
the new throat lozenge from p.o.m hyperlink
username januvia for diabetes is 10 dollars a pill. u take once a day. tell me about it
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
wheres my mate imodium when i need him?!
username abe is probably running low on imodium a-d
let's talk poop! (sorry, but us rds do!!) dr. nelson recommends miralax for constipation not habit-forming natural senna products.
thank god for saphris
robert temple username summarized tysabri case study for hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom. great list of events/decisions but no info abt communication!
username want my oestrogen to go back up to 6mg, want dutasteride and also progesterone. dont see it all happening lol!
let me tell you about my day: started off with viibryd then a tall boy of max ice followed by xanax followed by 2 1/2 long island ice teas..
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
so... i should take tamiflu if my flu symptoms have started up in the last 2 days? guess i'm fucked if i get the flu next week then.
pcc and rf7a potential treatments for rivaroxaban hastag austintoxforum
username who feels personally victimized my cassi viox hyperlink
username disponible levaquin amp 500 mg
i literally spent 10 mins to do the mla tweet right why cant i concentrate i need adderall
not a wwdc announcement is the prozac again. celebrating birthday my hope in that was also knows way to!
i have strong tablets and i have my ventolin which is strong that if i have over 10 puffs i can die x i haven't stanley knife and
do dr.s still prescribe dalmane? i miss that stuff not a fan of lunesta other current sleep meds.
username hastag oomf needs some cymbalta.”
its basically vaccine day at the pharmacy today and i couldn't be happier!! first zostavax administered hastag nerd hastag smallthingsinlife
username i think the crestor guy is worse.
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hastag boo
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
primadol and levofloxacin again zz :'(
novel nnrti hastag doravirine from msd shown to be associated with lower rate of central nervous system events compared to efavirenz hastag hivglasgow
k so who else thought the miralax commercial is was about lacrosse?
latuda is not approved for patient's with dementia. who names a drug latuda? laaatoooda.
the exelon promo will be sick make sure to keep and eye out for it during the next few days
trying to quit cigarettes is like being on a suboxone taper, it's most likely not going to work out.
we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, prozac.
username you would be 55 years old and having to get prolia denosumab injections for bone and joint pain.
harum-scarum: excluding daydreaming so vesicate resultant the pacifistic lozenge attend
ventolin inhalers can be bought over the counter at chemists. this hot humid weather can trigger attacks, as can stressful situations.
username i take those too. :d my doctor tells me to take as little loperamide as possible, since in crohn's it can cause toxic megacolon.
username i think i'm real but i've not got great insight. i had a whisper of psychosis at the worst of depression. lamictal replaced li
i am with josh.....to-kill-ya, and restoril are my problem solves, and you wake up the next morning forgetting the problems of yesterday.
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
show up to the thalidomide olympics wearing road cones on your arms to even out the playing field.
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
username temazepam anyone ? :-))
she changed clothes seven times for that one commercial! - my grandma talking about blythe danner in that prolia commercial.
username lol you are the lad i was talking to .... about how shit viox are and yoi and youre friend want to start youre own clan
username yeah i take kappra, gabapentin and lacosamide xx
miralax with my henny apple juice
metformin will be rejoining me for a while. hastag gonnafeellikeshit hastag thisstuffmakesmemiserable
hear about aristotle results on safety of apixaban in patients with atrial fibrillation according to sex, 9:45am, hall b-1 hastag aha13
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
slow down you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial
an eliquis commercial just came on and literally every other word was bleeding
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
username this is for sleep, i prefer quetiapine lol
username welcome to my life with paroxetine!
username lol i'm hoping gabapentin isn't an opiate :d
username i went from humira to remicade -also on pentasa and entocort hastag blehdrugs
rt username i have a”  anaesthetic throat lozenge in your ear?
cool you herd a decently whooping cough bears are diovan march whap. poo. account is paper. yum. cost curry sauce kathy ireland
username username username username sg forgot to take doses of nexium and burnol before the un speech
username username username hastag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
it's been a while since we've seen a good sally field boniva commercial.
not taking zyprexa or zoloft ever again. this could honestly be the worst thing i ever do.
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
username he's not a character. he's a prozac psa.
username really? have you gotten your synthroid yet?
white kids be knockin onnis hoe at weird hours for adderall n shit
suboxone is nasty asf
the most common examples of piperazines are: bzp tfmpp sildenafil / viagra cyclizine meclizine mcpp  hastag pipesff
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
just when i thought i couldn't like crestor any more they release the lowrider commercial
don't know why i even took a vyvanse this morning if its just now starting to work and i already finished my final. pointless..
username buprenorphine patch applied, heavily-medicated stream viewer ready.
username effient though and it works
hastag xfactor laughing so much i'm reaching for the ventolin
username hi asda team, can i buy ventolin inhalers over the counter at your pharmacies any more?
username i understand your point and true in most cases. gabapentin did not relieve my pain and ultracet was also combined. frustrated
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
great start to top 5 gim talk by dr shadowitz. first up: apixaban prevents vte/death after unprovoked vte, no increase bleeds hastag csim2013
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
username and thalidomide was supposed to be a wonder drug. ah, if there was only integrity in marketing. ops.. another oxymoron.
username username some of the items are just damn unpleasant to get, especially the shinespark to get the missile at maridia
shocking q2 results by $gsk, not just the miss but the 'body' language on advair and pipe has deteriorated. yield provides support tho. safe
username do you have thalidomide arms?
username for you 2 say you want nb to be leader in shale gas(hansard) is like someone in '50s saying nb shld be leader in thalidomide
trying a lunesta free night
username no. i'm in aubagio now. username username username username username
username i think it's got four arms - revolade + placebo, revolade + darbepoetin alpha, placebo + darbepoetin alpha placebo *2.
i hope username crestor studio comes out for iphone soon. :-/
u see, u can do whtvr u want but theres a huge different antara benda wajib and haram. but heh who am i to judge u
zidovudine, lamivudine and efavirenz username 2: what do you recommend for the prevention of mother-child transmission of hiv-1?
t. gondii and at least ten others including tapeworm spike nf-kappab, which spikes tnf-alpha. remicade, embrel, humira all block tnf-alpha.
username the gap between remicade and humira triggered the flare - i had no crohn's medication whatsoever
enbrel would be nice right now
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.charlie used to tell me!!
i'm infusion tysabri. my monthly fillup!!
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hastag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hastag onglyza ht…
username i bet it did, need some cymbalta? turn that frown, upside down.
but advair helps my asthma a lot
it makes complete sense to me that there’s a nexium ad in front of migos’s handsome and wealthy” but i’m not sure i could explain it.
*puts on bow tie made from suboxone wrappers*
companion is floyd horse ebooks slim shady hunch mail exporter champ refuse to januvia wild mushrooms thoughts: i'd admire cholera frown
note to all: if prozac didn't work for you, don't take paxil.
username i learned from my mother and stepdad when they had interior painted again, painters had to strip the nicotine stains off first.
effexor has increased my tolerance for alcohol. i used to get drunk so easily on zoloft and lexapro.
i really don't like it when haters throw sodium, i am the shit please pass the imodium
that moment when you hear kaidan alenko listing the sidr effects for humira.
username i only said j. cole's music was a safe and natural substitute for lunesta
username it's fluoxetine or something like that. it's generic for prozac.
swear bruh.. my mom takes lunesta to try to help her sleep, try going back to highschool mum
it's ok miralax (laxative). we believe it works. no need for the anatomical graphic.
get $5 off your next nuvaring
top biologic rx us $ales 2013: humira 5.43bill, enbrel 4.58b, remicade 3.98b, rituxan 3.2b(mostly lymphoma), stelara 936 mill, orencia 933m
s/o for temazepam for getting me to sleep last night
open public hearing time. sid wolfe - public citizen is up. at username hastag fda spiriva adcom
brief-bayer says new data affirm effectiveness of xarelto as therapy for dvt
i bet the sons of suboxone are fired up about the big premiere tonight
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
username username username username username username i have recently started gabapentin but suggest pain clinic isbest
username i'm feeling down...... idk why” cymbalta can help.
username username username username username username god dammit ur one of those kids. suboxone is terrible
username tysabri day should be a national holiday for us all! how many have you had so far?
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
username the nuvaring doesn't fit me :(
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
username so god was in charge when thalidomide was developed which caused such awful deformities? now we know the culprit username
username username and some imodium
food may reduce the biovailability of esomeprazole lansoprazole by 50%; it does'nt reduce the bioavailability of omeprazole or rabeprazole
guess since i'm not retiring yet, then i don't have to get up tomorrow. beer and lunesta for a midnight snack.
username ask for extra chemicals when they clean. and take a few cipro to make sure all is covered.
what's that username imodium rt username coke username what stops a runny tummy? pensive face ”
actually laughing about how little sense it makes that the richest, most successful people in america are also the dumbest. thanks prozac!
the xarelto commercial pisses me off lol turn left ...i don't think so ooooooh you're such a badass! lol
username username username username yeah, the advair is $310 for a months worth ( 1 inhaler =60 puffs )) $67 for the proaire
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
latuda is the best name for a drug to treat a serious psychiatric disorder ever.
i like lamictal
lagu 'hotel california' 'popeye the sailorman' 'another obe bites the dust' 'twink2 little star' antara lagu yg ada lirik freemason
previous w/u 4 2 cvas = no hypercoaguable w/u, incomplete echo bubble studies, carotid us 30% stenoses. patient compliant w/asa + aggrenox
username what the fuck, was mom eating thalidomide pancakes while pregnant?  hastag fangoria
definition of depression - you were just invited to your 30th high school reunion. where's my prozac?
seriously don't understand how the people behind thalidomide got away with selling such a sedative that caused so much damage. persevering face
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
username janumet which is metformin + another drug-no insulin yet!
100% loperamide
took 3 adderall and there is not enough homework for me to do
im going hard on adderol and vyvanse for my birthday tonight so i can pass my 3 finals tomorrow. hastag bestbirthdayever
this job has made me realize how much i really do need adderall to function like a human pensive face
bruuuhhh. i can feel my throat hurting in my dreams. i'm legit about to smash out to cvs to suck every lozenge in the world.
username maybe their creativity was d outcome of nicotine + blood; i don't support smoking but smoking kills creativity is just a hoax
username would an $abbv like enbrel spinoff work?
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
username …made the less defensible decision to ban one side of the evidence. remember: the nightmare case is something like thalidomide
username username just spoke to one source: green bay area sold out of imodium ad due to team food poisoning! they are guzzling the stuff!
username haha i can't compare adderall to coke. just depends on the person and being able to control things hahah
hastag easd2014 sjogren: pts in tadalafil group had dm for average of 6o yrs vs 20 yrs for pbo group.
thank goodness for this tamiflu i had in my medicine basket thumbs up
dear lunesta linda: take the night off. i'm so tired right now your services will not be needed. please give ambien annie my best.
why do i have to know the structures of benzodiazepines and fluoxetine hydrochlorides tho hastag chemprobs
diarrheic, farting choice. 420 oriental thru the jew lips diovan sportsline! nfl: cowboys like reading crick circular horse ebooks
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
thank you exelon for your donations of school supplies! our ms students will greatly appreciate all of them! hyperlink
i need an ambien, a lunesta or sumtin
eating this little pill 4mg of ventolin to endure my sickness. alhamdulillah feel much better now hyperlink
username i get mine in the czech rep. less than 5 yoyo for symbicort and ventolin. the way it should be. 85 at home for symbicort. hastag pricey
forbes article regarding gsk stock plummeting gives cause for concern. advair being off largest pbm,express scripts formulary hurt.
jury verdict favours astrazeneca in nexium antitrust litigation
because pradaxa affects the pathway very far down the cascade it is difficult to reverse it by adding other factors. hastag inacep2014
username do we need to rush ny some albuterol inhalers? are they in short supply?
username username cipro, levaquin avelox are all horrifically poison--run for your life from fq antibiotics!!!
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
catching up on pll and dying bc spencer's mom thinks the side effects of adderall made spencer kill ali lolololol who is writing this shit?
username i've got cramps and deli belly disappointed face might have to take some loperamide y'all lol i want one of those cups!
i now take zoloft for depression , and ziprasidone for a mood stabilizer and anxiety .
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username with all of the ufc cards coming out so often i have cut my lunesta usage by two thirds!
pt:i fell 30 feet off a tree stand while deer hunting doc:what r your daily meds? pt:xanax, neurontin and oxycontin flushed face flushed face flushed face flushed face
buy asthma inhalers online, tips and guidelines, ventolin, albuterol
even tho when i first tried vimpat i was pretty fucking miserable
username i take nexium and it works for me.
omg. just saw the lyrica advert they spent so long explaining why it could be bad, why would you think it was a good idea?! hastag americanadverts
username i've never been offered abilify. i was offered lithium, valproate, lamotrigine, seroquel, carbamazepine
username it's safer to go with what he said so baclofen. i'll email him tomorrow and update you on what he'll say just to double check!!
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
username &gt;funny blog dan. currently taking avonex, but considering taking tysabri soon, also given the option of taking those pills.
username how was the pristiq with you? recommond me to use it?
use 25% dose of januvia if crcl &lt; 30 or scr &gt; 3 (men)/&gt; 2.5 (women) hastag esurancesave30
hastag allergy hastag alert on the hastag antibiotic hastag clindamycin hastag health hastag canada warns that it contains hastag quetispine hastag fumarate aka hastag seroquel talk to your hastag md
udh pintu koboy (ngoblak) username i've been in hastag porn for 10 years and am not on hastag prozac or hastag zoloft..... yet
username mind i'm on a lot of allergy medicine and a symbicort both.
username um, i suggest a lozenge, but go for it. lol.
centric health suggests consideration of other first line agents (champix, effexor) for patients w/history of substance abuse. hastag camhrounds
username they gave me something stronger than that lunesta. i haven't tried the lunesta yet though.
username username username username username imodium should sort you out.
will a lozenge fix my michael douglas throat?
mantle cell lymphoma: survival jump with bortezomib vs. vincristine for newly diagnosed patients ineligible for bone marrow transplant ...
the antipsychotic aripiprazole (abilify) and depression and pain agent duloxetine are the top-selling us prescription drugs.
.@pgsrn can you bring my tamiflu up here pls anxious face with sweat
damn, i got 114 puffs of my inhaler left. better get a lot since we paid $40 for it! lasts longer than my symbicort but i love that shit
username lol at 1am? hold your imodium close bruh
woo! figured out my finances for the week, now if only i could get a real answer to will dayquil react with my xarelto and kill me?
username can say same abt dems! obamacare took away my mom's prolia shot 4 osteoporosis! now she must pay $2,000 for 2 shots yearly! so...
username yeah, maybe paxil isn't so bad, but never try it with zoloft. ::shudder::
teratogenic drugs &gt; major non-antibiotics in term tap cap thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin
latuda is great if you like side effects
waitt..here it comes..the hastag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hastag fmlimugly
rt username unfollowers hurt, cymbalta can help
slutty asenapine
lol at the victoza commercial made up entirely of side effects hastag baddrug
i bet they named that new depression medicine latuda because it's impossible to say without smiling and impossible to take seriously.
sydney dy on treating cipn: in practice thus far, not impressed with utility of duloxetine (limited efficacy, tolerability) hastag asco13
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hastag ridiculous
although taking it now would run counter to my current food + seroquel = rls philosophy
it's adderall and caffeine week!
and so starts the sildenafil citrate infomercial hastag wishtheywouldstop
username after doing camp in edo state, i can confirm that i synthesise imodium naturally.
bright side of taking omeprazole daily is i could totally get high off of loperamide if i were desperate and hated breathing
username freshies? man don't talk about yourself and humira like that what'd i tell you
thank goodness. shovel news: metallica poos quite legoland papain imodium ad cher lloyd gran torino maple story. you stay at gingko weekly
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
my grocery list was comprised of imodium (for the dog). and tampons (not for the dog). so that's cute. hyperlink
community service cancelled. i'm in vyvanse and have all the work in the world to do- but i can't bring myself to do anything ugh
username username odd. i give blood regularly have asthma. i take symbicort ventolin.
watch out bitches, i just need some miralax and gatorade
s/o to nicholas bartholomew viox for his dedication to the mason varsity figure skating team. good luck in the meet friday! hastag espnu username
i'll never forget the feeling of elation that spread through me the first time i took suboxone and felt all the sweating pain disappear
i'm pretty sure metformin is trying to kill me.
concerns about cardiovascular safety will lead to lower recommended doses of oral and rectal diclofenac username hyperlink
white chicks with lozenge smiling face person raising hand
never forget who your crestor is
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hastag thediabetty hastag diabetes hastag t1d hastag iwanttobeabletoeat
username :( :( you need a cuddle, paxil, xanax and your doggie
username they didn't learn from exubera apparently.
i'va taken fluoxetine tablets, paracetmol, hayfever tablets and sleeping tablets i feel like a druggy
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
username same. suboxone is another one researchers have looked at for its therapeutic value. i took it years ago and it's great for dep.
hastag dispatches i told my diabetic nurse of my concerns about victoza and its serious side effects and was fobbed off
brian vickers in this xarelto commercial. cool
louder than i intended at brunch: no!! the boniva sally field, not that other one!
can't find my fluticasone propionate
username username i take seroquel although there are a lot of side effects, if your anxiety is bad&amp;nothing helps then it's worth it
long term follow-up of a phase iii lamotrigine/capecitabine trial
rt username gz looks like he's on paxil or something. hastag hlnzimmermantrial
hastag ens2013: prof comi presents hastag msresearch poster on safety of switching from tysabri to username username
 pensive face i wish older people wouldn't take xarelto pill !, it's so risky!, all medicines are risky! just let life handle health
username true. you could argue that, but from workin in a rehabilitation center. i've seen more effectiveness in using suboxone
took a trazodone without a splash of vodka and now i'm worried that it won't work.
looks like i have the flu too. ach! tamiflu to the rescue!
how a oxycodone bottle feel like a gun ? that's like saying my asthma pump feels like a gun handle unamused face
username olanzapine. the thing you want, it's olanzapine.
username that was an excellent presentation on loperamide deaths from your lab
i will need prayers for sanity today. and a chaser; like prozac or oxycontin.
she's a comedian. she plays the accordion and she is bipolar...it's judy latuda
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
username next line after nevirapine and efavirenz hehe. username
username love the fact that imodium is required!!
username i have some diclofenac from a doc to try, which i will right now.
obama farts tangerines in define stays spring dabba dabba advair diskus huntington's chorea enchanting drag cook indigestion mooncoin
levaquin i absolutely terrible.
so i don't think i was supposed to take my oxycontin and my adderall together i'm so relaxed and focused....i can conquer the universe!!
username username exubera was a big fricking bong. apples to oranges
username username oral lorazepam reasonable. consider olanzapine wafer..more sedating than haldol and quicker onset
username why did they make u drink that stuff? when i have mine they give me pills or there's a miralax prep. hastag oldschoolcolonoscopy
future - codeine crazy will open my funeral and march madness will be the last song played
ventolin  then sleep. goodnight.
oh good, this symbicort commercial has a whimpering golden retriever in it. i'm sure that won't drive eliot crazy. at all.
i saw the words entire and concept in a sentence and i thought i read etanercept
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hastag crohnsproblems hastag teamibd hastag hairloss hastag humira hastag chronic hastag illness hastag gratitude
watching you starve to death with an iv in your veins feeding you liquid darvicet pumping you full of drugs pull the plugs
omg, i need my ventolin inhaler...hiks....
username interesting read. seeing an increase of use of pradaxa in the ca market. blood level monitored far less regularly than coumadin.
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
i love that my asthma has gotten so bad that i now take breathing treatments twice a day, flovent twice a day, and prednisone. hastag asthma face with medical mask dashing away
guess i start remicade this wednesday... as long as it's better than humira i am good, even if it's a 3.5 hour treatment...
username my favourite diabetic medicine is the almost perfect euphemism rosiglitazone
i have hastag humira -exp. date june2013..is it still safe to use these this month?? other meds i’ve used after exp. but w/ biologic? hastag rheum hastag help
i think im gonna stop taking the temazepam tablets, i don't think they help me sleep as much as seroquel does
username this is happening all over. i used to pay $25 co pay for advair and $20 per inhaler. now $60 for advair $50-inhaler. username
username i'm on fluoxetine ;)
rt username my haiti team is all immunized we have malaria pills, typhoid pills cipro. all we need now are some basketballs we're …
it's a real good night for a lunesta OK hand zzz  hastag nightnight
i had an advair inhaler for a cough. no asthma here. hastag rhony
yo…why is this patient on crestor 40mg, zetia 10mg, lovaza 4g, niaspan 1g, trilipix 135mg and welchol 3.75g?…dude…i can’t with docs today
username username hope ya have some imodium aswell lol hastag shartcentral :-)
username then try to knock you out at night with a little trazadone or seroquel lol... so not right
hastag rhony who brings advair around with them? its not a fast acting inhaler! aviva is full of bull!
username get to the doctor woman or go to the pharmacy and get some nexium and take a hot bath!  purple heart you!
not saying i like my cat more since the vet prescribed shooting her up with buprenorphine but i gotta say she's been interesting
am i the only one that thinks the name of that new medication for bipolar depression is funny?: latuda for your attatuda!
sense of outrage watching thalidomide documentary. tough watch. the fight, an extraordinary feat hastag outrage
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hastag hivglasgow
sir. rt username a friendship promise love ring is a nuvaring, no?
the nexium commercials sorta seem like flashbacks don't they? hastag zombies hastag znation
you blame me, fruitcake? all those people doing assassin-y things around me and meridia with a huge price on my head. what would you do?
batman, i love you more than life. but you need a throat lozenge.
who's gonna turn up with me and a giant bottle of oxycodone this evening?
i just spilt miralax all over the floor. oops
music is my life the lyrica are my story hyperlink
dr has put my gabapentin up to 600mg. has to be ordered in and will cost $60 :/
if pts miss a dose, advise taking it asa they remember, unless it's &lt;6 hr before their nxt dose of pradaxa or eliquis...or &lt;12hr for xarelto
the side affects of latuda can lead to a coma, sudden death, etc. ok! i think i'll take my chances being depressed. beaming face with smiling eyes
username they are actually called geodon and they are wayyyyy better than adderal, it's amphetemene free.
username username when infection is chronic, cipro can absolutely cause damage.
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username hahahaha get on the fluoxetine mate
rosuvastatin promotes bone growth in mice with achondroplasia symptoms
username username  going back to washington dc to rally against cipro levaquin avelox please read this card. hyperlink
oh and dexilant helps with heartburn and indigestion as well for all of you who need relief...
could use some ventolin right about now
after all these years you'd think someone would get darren lockyer a fucking throat lozenge. poor bloke is struggling to speak hastag soo hastag origin
username that was why i was curious what the drug was - to see if it was digoxin, metoprolol or one that might fall in those cracks.
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
username imodium tablets
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
username i have hypothyroidism and i have a seizure disorder. i take levothyroxine .1mgs. once a day. i take dilantin 200mgs twice a day.
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hastag cysticfibrosis
done as what i was told to do. diclofenac it's your turn please :) i'm banking on you in the next 5 days :)
prescription drug commercials trip me out...you may want to kill yourself, but your foot will feel better. try lyrica today.
oxycodone is my second best friend.
username i tried gabapentin - side effects too high for me. amytriptyline. vicodin. ultram. few others.
crosby and bortuzzo don't look the worse for wear. that multi-symptom imodium works wonders. hastag pens
astronaut: effect of aliskiren on post-discharge outcomes in non-diabetic patients hospitalized for hf hastag esccongress2013
rt username username username username finally, ph2 tysabri trials included crohn's disease - indication dropped early in…
the pristiq commercials are the embodiment of my nightmares
username i take 25mg losartan for mild bp. is it = 80mg valsartan. kkuh username ksu only have valsartan 80mg coated, unbreakable.
same old sunday. passive aggressor trying to control me now.same old sunday. i can't cope with all this and gabapentin 2.pass the guillotine
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
tysabri treatment under way username . awesome nurse, trish. hastag fightingms
i'm gonna be so tired and hateful in the morning. face with tears of joy just in time for suboxone film day party popper sparkler fireworks balloon
$mnkd weird to think i helped launch exubera over a decade ago, that inhaled insulin was a total failure
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
username complex partial w/secondary generalized. i'm on lamictal, vimpat zonegran. max doses. not controlled but somewhat better.
username i hate ashma weary face yesssssss i am not alone. i have spiriva inhalers btw but i'm all out of the good red ones.
hastag psicommunicatingconcepts richardson with the disappoiting results of prowess-shock xigris was withdrawn.
also, i probably od-ed on ventolin and symbricort today sigh this is bad real bad michael jackson
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hastag venlafaxine hastag day16
username mermade story was genius. the thalidomide human recovery/overcome story is beautiful. humans are so great. :)
boehringer ingelheim and $lly eli lilly announce nda filing for empagliflozin and linagliptin combination
over-the-counter flonase allergy relief approved: the fda has approved over-the-counter flonase allergy relief, or fluticasone propio...
who forgot to fill their cymbalta and has absolutely zero pills to take tonight? this girl!!! in other news, i hate today. that's all.
2y data of romosozumab followed by denosumab presented by mcclung again hastag asbmr14
my trazodone be havin me gonee
ingesting 300mg gabapentin as well. i ate a caesar salad beforehand.
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hastag fuckingright
username u.s. fda approves invokana trade mark
username username nexium
username a cheap imitation no way, siri cooties me. i'm more effient and not a machine!
fuck you ciprofloxacin. am in my chillspot and all i can take is sprite?
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hastag govthealthcare
round of applause to the advertising team at spiriva for having a commercial with an elephant that doesn't leave footprints in the sand. raised hand
we live in a prozac nation
whilst wurtzel's prozac nation was tremendously sad the movie was only about her insane drug abuse.
loool! rt username some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
patient treated with asa after 1st cva, failed, then aggrenox added, but now w/ possible 3rd cva on asa + aggrenox (&amp; is compliant w/ meds)
after i tweeted having an overdose on my advair they tweeted me back face with tears of joy OK hand hyperlink
my choice was more hastag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hastag biologics like hastag humira. now hastag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hastag lung side effect. hastag crohns
and sutter east bay medical group now claims i owe 1200 and that tysabri will cost me $500+ month- after saying it would be free.
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
username haha have had them before see-no-evil monkey only good thing is the sedation  sleeping face may have 2 increase hastag humira afterwards confounded face
if consider switching, some evidence for teraparatide (eurofors) or denosumab hastag asbmr14
username thalidomide was technological so it was good. like ddt poisoning the antarctic. username username username username
look what the xarelto rep gave me! hastag sunshineactfail hastag acc14 hyperlink
if prozac be the food of love, lay down in a darkened room hastag badshakespeare
hypochondriac traveler ready for lift off: maxalt, cipro, tamiflu, hydrocort, benadryl, dramamine decongestant... hyperlink
i think i seen meridia slapping mephala. why
username you own the beacon of meridia
latuda is the funniest word ever i laugh like a tard every time i hear it.
username why is it so difficult for someone to get diovan filled and use divans coupon? every month same issue
tamiflu sambucol, a little mixture of western medicine herbal remedies to kick my flu in the ass.
username :-( did you ever look into humira/biologics?
my doctor put me on paxil, that's the same shit that's on tv for lawsuits so is it guna help me or kill me ?
blazing trails, dialyzing off cefepime and pradaxa today. which begs the question, how does a blood thinner get approved w/o an antidote?
username latuda does wonders!
advair $300 in this country$35 in france. why? lobbyists.
rt username xarelto may cause bleeding that won't stop which can lead to death! now why would i want to take that?
username hey whats the policy for tiotropium ah? for respimat is sample rite?
two drugs have stopped bpd so far in me. tegretol (anti seizure, mood stabiliser) and antipsychotic seroquel.
username thanks review your medication periodically gi protection from the onset. hastag spoonie # diclofenac
can you mix temazepam and red wine? asking for a friend.
username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda! 10,000 due to their vioxx scam alone..obama made a vp of monsanto fda ex.!
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
$scmp sucampo announces settlement agreement that resolves patent litigation in u.s. related to amitiza from our stock news alerts app
i was so impressed with myself, that's fluoxetine hastag likeaboss hyperlink
what's xigris classified as? a super expensive drug that you don't give unless they're meeting jesus at the pearly gates.  oh okay.
rivaroxaban 2/2 works well for 100's of 1000s of people but not for me. hope doc will take me off it later today. warfarin with low dose k?
username what is the work of metformin in polycystic ovarian
yes, i use advair 250/50. why are you asking me about my breathing, my asthma doesn't affect my breathing....quote of the day
username yes. metformin and glimepiride.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy the same chemical found in prozac. i'm as good as bananas bhap!
update 2-u.s. fda rejects wider use of xarelto drug
don't take too many adderall or vyvanse yall
username haha mine is risk of cardiac defects from paroxetine
username username username username i'm on pregabalin and paroxetine. are you not getting on with your meds?
username thank you. i'm pretty positive about it. enbrel was amazing but not strong enough. i know remicade will work wonders!
*sigh* i need some cymbalta in my life..
my horoscope said its okay im not as effient in my school work as other days. hastag onpoint
got the becotide but can't find my ventolin inhaler anyone have a spare i can borrow ?? can't get a doctors appointment for over a week ???
username zorvolex is manufactured using the submicron dynamic release technology. which makes diclofenac 20% smaller in size (2)
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
username *nod* i was thinking about how diclofenac kills vultures &amp;, as a consequence, incidence of disease in india rose. amazing birds.
i need adderall or vyvanse. who's got it?
username oh i was on buspirone for a while! it didn't do anythign for me tho. i asked bc ppl on effexor and pristiq get brainzaps as
username  hastag neiinfo is there is any scientific evidence of need of giving tobramycin alongwith moxifloxacin for corneal abscesses.
barclays on ranbaxy: likely launch of nexium to be a key positive catalyst
i was gonna start working out but then my doctor put me back on vyvanse life is awesome
moxifloxacin is my favorite antibiotic to say. like just say it, it's fun. lolol also, i'm a nerd.
hasil scrimmage game putra antara username vs username : 25-26 | next game putri
levaquin do your thing and make me better hastag imsick
username sertraline. i would say venlafaxine but you *must* be observed while on it.
username username , not to mention the bloke with a 2 year sanction for having too much ventolin hastag shouldveplayedfooty hastag nrl hastag afl
depression hurts, cymbalta helps username wtf?!?! hahaha
rt username everyone on my tl needs cymbalta.
username cipro avelox levaquin-if you had these you are in danger-please google. fb= fluoroquinolones or you tube john fratti=help.
panelist: are there lessons from exubera about adherence w doing pulmonary fx test before treating? fda asked, but sponsor did not provide.
username small frequent meals. cut the caffeine. nexium 1/2 hour before breakfast. (been there.) get well soon.
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
trazadone is the only thing that helps me sleep at night
slept! really slept! i think i can assume from that that the venlafaxine is now nearly out of my system :))
username hopefully carol had her boniva so her bones don't break running hastag thewalkingdead
username this bitch literally just asked if nicotine is something you put in your eyes. hastag whatanightmare haha wow
what nexium and prevacid have in common with celiac disease via username
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
username  apart from the flu shot, why does the fda set the zostavax age as 50+, whereas, the cdc sets age as 60+
username username what about use of seretide and tiotropium in copd? advised? appropriate? hastag weph
a commercial for victoza came on tv and i was explaining to my mom how it works: her: wow! that's amazing! me: now you see why i'm pharmd!
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
lactic acidosis is a toxic side effect of which diabetic med? metformin hastag medschool hastag usmle
some y'all on my tl must be miserable, cymbalta can help.
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hastag insomnia
damn meridia subtweeting already hastag likeiwasntgonnaseethatshit lol good looks tho
caffeine&amp;nicotine
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hastag sick&amp;tired
coda: if letty looks like her mom and maji looks like his dad, then who does lunesta look like, her uncle?! me: what, chip?! no!
don't use sitagliptin saxagliptin in hastag chf hastag swimr
januvia for diabetes 2 costs around $300 for a month. merck
swimsuit models have three facial expressions: angry headache, vacant zombie and prozac smile. men have one expression: stupid drooling.
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
username in us, to prescribe buprenorphine you need a special dea # and are limited in the # of patients you can treat at a time
hastag sunpharmaspokesperson sun pharma will continue to co-market merck’s sitagliptin in india. 4/5
username username username i really like the gold and silver colour of the tabard at but would love to see the meridia crest in red
the tamiflu is my fav flu commercial
username not a lozenge but a gargle - betadine throat gargle ... it is the business!
username oops!! i think it's cymbalta instead not celebrex. fffff
for type 2 diabetes fda reviewing-saxagliptin (marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr): drug safety communication - heart failure risk
are online leads drunkard, chance, lozenge pro rata operative in place of?
bushisms combines the higuera of sallowness with the sildenafil of sallowness
username but doc just put me on victoza too about a year ago. stops glucose production at night for me. hastag bigdifference
i might just skip smoking and go straight to nicotine lozenges because i can suck them in class. hastag christiancollegerebel
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
username your nicotine addiction is why you have no money
even better tadalafil and paxil both methylenedioxy chemicals.
to pfizer re copd med spiriva - do you have coupons or discounts for medicare card holders on social security? friend is struggling.
username adderall had me like
username username i know they are so expensive. my metformin costs 78.00 a month and i need that or i wouldn't buy it. unamused face
why does facebook keep giving me adds for suboxone films....i swear i have nothing to do with meth
username ya medicine is expensive but $94,500 for a 12-week supply. is a little rediculious.. i take nexium and its like 400 a bottle
just found ciprofloxacin and a shit load of amoxcillins in my med cabinet... idk who the fuck brings these.
username username username run whilst you can before that temazepam kicks in!!! face screaming in fear face screaming in fear face screaming in fear
my head is going to explode.. a provider...a mid level....really just prescribed darvocet to a patient....my fucking god she is an idiot
how does the hastag fda have the audacity to negotiate away safety info on hastag birthcontrol labels?  hastag nuvaring hastag health hastag yaz hastag beyaz hastag obgyn
can't wait to get back in those dwemer ruins tonight with my meridia guildies for motif hunting! contact me in-game if you want to join!
username username at this time i am more stressed out than i have ever been in my entire life. thank god for seroquel.
value of spiriva respimat as add on therapy in uncontrolled asthma? ics/laba/tio improved fev1 in trials hastag btswinter
bortezomib = a multifaceted drug: treatment of chronic graft versus host disease with bortezomib username doi:10.1182/blood-2014-02-554279
haynes: glad to talk about all the uglies of public health (e.g. diversion of suboxone by some docs) so that change can happen. hastag phlc14
rt username kim d is always in desperate need of a throat lozenge hastag rhonj
i got to about this stage of blending in paint tool sai then i got bored. i need my cymbalta back, xanax sucks. hyperlink
lunesta in hand; my yard is full of leaves, feel free to come get them, i don't need them they are dry crunchy i like soft subtle
username username dang are you making miralax punch for thanksgiving?
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
i was hoping my box of loperamide would scare them into not touching my stuff and rub their arms with loads of disinfectant gels.
drugs such as exelon (rivastigmine), razadyne (galantamine), aricept (donepezil) or namenda (memantine) have not shown to improve ppa.
rt username dougados: etanercept in nr-axial spa positive trial - 12wks asas40 32% vs 15% pbo hastag spondylitis hastag eular2013
fuck! just ran out of nicotine lozenges sad but relieved face dang it! this is gonna be a long flight...smh!
username username if you can tolerate eliquis or xarelto, you don’t need inr testing or restrict your diet like with coumadin
what happens when you put the crestor rep and the lipitor rep in the same room?
definitely feel old when my post breakfast cocktail is a multivitamin, two aspirin and a nexium
username swallowed fluticasone by mdi swallowed budesonide mixed with splenda to make slurry are the 2 topical therapies used for eoe
username maybe some memantine too :(
username theoretical risk, based on tysabri
username babies need nicotine too dude don't be insensitive
this kitchen nightmares in insane! bitch needs prozac
bayer vs natco pharma: alert: ipab had upheld compulsory licence for cancer drug nexavar
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
username i have to take victoza and metformin and insulin and forixgal just to get through the day so try that pasta thing
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. get me some bananas!!
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
ffs, lawrie can be temazipam for the ears somemtimes....
however the prozac is making her more talkative than usual (if also hilarious and lucid) so i don't think she's fully listening to my ideas
username username username i used to really want to try nuvaring but a) lawsuit and b) i tried an instead cup it did not go well
on the spiriva commercial, good advertisement for cadillac. an elephant riding inside, and not sag the suspension on the car . ha ha
i was a vioxx (rofecoxib) guinea pig. username username
living on a diet of fluoxetine and cigarettes
the doctor never should've given me this lyrica
username username ขอตอบว่า selective b1-blocker atenolol bisoprolol metoprolol
(also, saw someone mixing miralax at the continental breakfast this morning. made my day)
username no worries. former nba superstar spokesperson for victoza
username life is tough, cymbalta can help.
username smoke some weed and get some melatonin and some lunesta hahah
bhatt speculates that the increase in hf with saxagliptin may be similar in cause and impact to the glitazones. hastag acccongress2013
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” molto bene
increased hastag heartfailure with saxagliptin in hastag savor-timi 53 needs further investigation to see if it is real hf - n marx hastag esccongress2013
group students of umbrella dance with antara upadhyay. hyperlink
username username username username new drugs such as olanzapine increase risk of stroke and heart attack 4 times
i need a blunt.. but i'll settle for nicotine
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hastag cipro
bipolar depression pill called latuda what the heck that sounds like that girl on fairly odd parents who was obsessed with timmy
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
can't blame the suboxone so you have to come up with another excuse. OK hand
username username username username username vimpat has been good...expensive as all get out
funny, when markets up 200 username can't stop cheerleading the hft algo's, down 125 they're almost in tears in need of a cymbalta script
username username could be worse, people in the documentary bemoan that they don't make temazepam in injectable gel capsules now
got some oxycodone tho face savoring food fire
jim, on the xarelto commercial, obviously lives a very adventurous life
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
study finds cholesterol-lowering drug atorvastatin (brand name lipitor) affects the body’s ability to handle blood sugar in women with pcos
stribild non-inferior to efavirenz or boosted atazanavir, and doesn't lead to more resistance when discontinued username
username my 14yr old daughter had acute asthma attack in night.had to use ventolin +++. needed emergency symbicort,sol oral pred and
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
username username oops 2mgs loperamide ( just in case)
username can we stop pretending adderall is real drug pls” it's prescribed by doctors so person tipping hand
so i had to wait a day for my geodon to be refilled cause the pharmacy was out...dear god that sucked hard. fine now, but....ugh. bleh.
my girlfriend left a nuvaring in fridge. would that be good for you? [i know you dont drink]
username i suspect the huge amt of detailing for bystolic evident in that figure will come as little surprise to username
just popped a vyvanse let's see how this goes
bloody diclofenac needs to kick in. can't believe this has all flared up again crying face crying face crying face crying face
username i need humira advice im going to start soon. because my insurance won't approve remicade. my gi thinks remicade works better
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
btw, adding crestor can help.
you're the reason i'm still here? no, you're the reason i'm on prozac. get your shit strait.
username i'd argue that $vvus and $arna sales are right in line with expectations based on historical meridia xenical u.s. sales
on my shit this morning hastag vyvanse hastag finitetest
i woke up feeling slightly similar (worse in my dream). so, i took my ventolin (puff). phew! i thought i was going to die! fearful face astonished face dizzy face  hastag baddream
username may want to follow those up with an imodium
can someone bring me a xopenex inhaler? ill pay big time $$$$
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
thalidomide may have caught on with gps away from specialists and only for sturdy. testosterone in ovaries. dosage led.
latuda is a bipolar medicine.. i like that it's punny hastag attitude
acai bowl full of anti-oxidants and some oxycodone to start my morning!
username been on victoza for about 2 mths my levels have dropped from over 100 to 55!! dr was so pleased i'm really happy too :)
username i been on metformin for a year and lost 30lbs now i'm on victoza as well. is any 1 else on victoza has it worked for them
username lamictal has a black box warning for rash? and they titrate you slowly. no side effects at all for me. bad migraine today.
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
via username doh has settled the duties and taxes on 490 boxes of efavirenz (antiretroviral med). release and pick-up tomorrow, sept. 10.
if she hasnt used the bathroom in 18 days why doesnt she take some damn miralax or on some kind of medicine. hastag ridiculous username
home from the hospital. raising hands i hope this miralax does what it's supposed to do stops monkey from puking all the time. folded hands
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
username respi...u counsel his spiriva handihaler with cik sara. plavix aunty for dual antiplatelet x1/12 then aspirin 150mgod x2/12
nexium district court takes pioneering approach to preliminary jury charge 1x8wrik
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
victoza commercial (a med for diabetes). the first 30 seconds were about th benefits, followed by 1 minute 23 seconds of warnings! wow...
took saphris (asenapine) today...pleasantly drowsy and mellow
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hastag jitterysteroidenergy
username *gives hugs and prozac*
username : lolx sorry am bad in spell lolx leflox is brand name here so levofloxacin is better to use :)
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
username oxycontin is brand name oxycodone and there are different brands of hydrocodone
username username username username username you don't take baclofin?
coformulated fdc of famciclovir and celecoxib (imc1) safely improved pain and symptoms of fibromyalgia versus placebo in rct. hastag acr14
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved lamotrigine aka hastag lamictal
i need some fluoxetine in my life.
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
ok it's called nuvaring (etonogestrel/ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring) username why not use that? username username username
username miralax is helpful but not for a lifetime. consider a basic gi protocol of trienza, therbiotic complete and s. boulardii
username username surely time for coverage of and pressure on the manufacturer, grunenthal to help support thalidomide survivors
username username username as well as everywhere else i'm taking dihydrocodeine,naproxen gabapentin but still get lot of pain
i asked my brother for some pain killers he got asked if oxycodone was stronger than ibuprofen... apparently i can barely handle ibuprofen
username username tadalafil opens blood vessels, thus helping to solve both issues.
hastag fda has approved pradaxa for treatment and reduction in the risk of recurrence of dvt and pe in patients who have previously been treated
username i was with infliximab so humira next for me :-( gotta love hastag crohns
username effexor , second time was a combination of some other prescribed pills and pristiq
username miralax and dialysis tomorrow hastag nephjc
viibryd i got to get off of you before you kill me.
young lady with infertility referred for high tsh (3.4)&amp; no symptoms started on synthroid to lower tsh&lt;2.5. post delivery(ivf) told d/c rx
username username username username u hv to take yr asprin n metoprolol in time as scheduled by doc!careful.
just realised have been accidentally self-medicating my hay-fever with loperamide rather than loratadine for last fortnight! grrrrr!
username username username bupropian sounds less scary lol. but varenicline sounds less scary than champix too.
400mg efavirenz non-inferior to 600mg and less toxicity username workshop - should be first line efv art
i need so stronger fucking trazodone..why the fuck am i still up 2 hours later
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hastag needanorthopod hastag neverthoughtidsaythat
it's enbrel tuesdays. hastag ra hastag rheumatoidarthritis
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
username i know, right? i was still i'm pharmacy when that happened. also, when darvocet was pulled from the market altogether.
on new med, pristiq. its working ok so far...i miss u all! xx
i be on the bachelor like - hey my name is jason - twitter handle is zannlord - i get no bitches - i eat ass when i do - adderall = god
phil mickelson should never act. he's creepy in his enbrel commercial
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
when username and i used to work at target still, we used to smoke blunts with codeine and dab smothered on the bud. twas lit.
well, mom just went on the exelon patch. i'm glad my siblings took the initiative actually spoke to her physician.
i may or may have not taken half of my bottle of neurontin oops dont care bad day
if i see you in public shaking a water bottle it's for one of two reasons: 1. there's alcohol in it 2. there's miralax in it
dangit furries, that symbicort grandpa wolf is irresistible now.
fda approves pradaxa (dabigatran etexilate mesylate) for treatment and reduction in the risk of recurrence of deep venous thrombosis and...
rt username liquid fluoxetine tastes like crap.
after 62 tysabri infusions i found out my pml risk is very high (1 in 15!) so i'm going to stop now and try bg-12
montecello vineyards brings together fishy shrimp elements and a snap-crackle-pop albuterol aftertaste in their 1996 white zinfandel. hastag baby
ge inks more than $500 mln power equipment order with exelon
they say hastag marijuana isn't safe --&gt; the painkiller vioxx killed over 60,000 people before being pulled off the market.
nuvaring ok? rt username men, stop giving your girl rings and getting her hopes up. talking bout promise rings and friendship rings.
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
username username what did you switch to? was that effexor you were on?” zoloft, pristiq now effexor.
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
username take a vyvanse or aderral an you'll get it done asap an you'll pass his class you don't wanna retake that shit
what is latuda and why is it's name hilarious?!
they gave me too much albuterol flushed face
dap yang bagus antara transcend t sonic 300 vs sony walkman nwz-b183f ? hastag supermusic id
potema, we both know meridia is jealous.
username username stay on warfarin. much safer has reversal agent. pradaxa does not.
sometimes when i want to feel skinnier i take a bunch of miralax and chia seeds and put them in my water. i hope i don't regret it tomorrow
even with trazodone, my sleep is still fucked up. i need to have a talk with marna...
lunesta in hand: thankful that my niece nephew greats made it safely to their home , where i wish i were.
don't worry about it. that's why hope (however pointless) is critical to our survival. :) rt username i'm gonna need some cymbalta lol
username you may try gabapentin and amitriptyline first for awhile... you may not need lyrica.
motion filed to establish mdl for federal effexor birth defect lawsuits hastag litigationupdates hastag news hastag antidepressant
watching an ad for xarelto on tv....all side effects involve intense bleeding hastag soundssafe
username most probably due to pregabalin , celecoxib kicks in first ,other ones takes much longer to show effect
username just not representative. this is uptake from recent launches shows how much of an outlier januvia is hyperlink
cat bite -&gt; pasteurella multicida -&gt; tx is augmentin if pcn all then cipro + clinda hastag foamed hastag meded hastag abim
username username same as exubera ... it was approved
i'm so bleak omg my doctor's gonna kill me tomorrow when i tell him i haven't taken prozac in ages
novo, based in bagsvaerd, expects to complete the two remaining late-stage trials for victoza used as an obesity medicine by mid-2013
username maybe a good job if he needed the imodium :-(
anderson silva is probably going to lose his boniva endorsement now.
username i'm not trying to start any immature fight with you. but ask you to realize how dangerous medicine is. like cymbalta.
1000 mcchickens or a vioxx showcase?
username are you detoxing now? it was a rough one but i got clean in treatment with suboxone a very slow taper. took a while, but
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
paxil's best (and only) friend: abigail... even though she weighs as much as pax's leg, she's the boss. username hyperlink
just took an adderall with the rest of my coffee hastag welcometofinalsweek hastag ifmyheartexplodesyouknowwhy
do not take lunesta if you are allergic to lunesta
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
for example metformin shouldn't be given on the day of or for 48 hours after angio! important to know on a vascular ward.
username i think someone's been spraying temazipam 'round here. i'm fookt! xxx
username i'm off fluoxetine
username it's obtained from the main boss in maridia and is ineeded to get to ridley, so it's a bit hard to miss, haha
(2 of 3) the man looks as though he is going to make it. but he was here to get a zostavax shot and i am extremely thankful we hadn't given
username hope the switch to tysabri goes well for you! both it and tecfidera are like new miracle drugs for ms.
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hastag phantomsangre
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
username hell fuck methadone like liquid handcuffs already suboxone much better. ima go to that from methadone to that when i can taper
username yeah, i've resorted to diclofenac and a codeine for when i'm working, with amitryptaline at night. blech.
victoza isn't for weight loss? then why the fuck would i want it? i don't even care what it's supposed to be used for, just cut my belly fat
cholesterol-lowering drug rosuvastatin edged out hypothyroid drug levothyroxine as most prescribed drug in us
if you find that a asthmatic is on a xopenex inhaler chance they're allergic to albuterol....so assess for allergies before administration.
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
anyone taken geodon (ziprasidone) before? thoughts? x
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
when depression hits , cymbalta can help! lmbo
username i'm on them as well . 2 morning , 2 evening plus - sitagliptin am and losartan for bp .....
fuck pristiq it's the worst thing to ever happen to me
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
username tried lithium depakote been reading up on lamotrigine it was suggested but had such nightmare with quetiapine was scared to try
victoza resulted in additional 6# weight loss in prediabetes when added to calorie restriction. bg, bp, lipids also improved (dc online 713)
rt username feeling like you should star in the enbrel commercial &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
username username username the results are in belviq twice a day had better clinical trial results than chantix.
username to be clear- afrezza not exubera caused the 2 cases of squamous cell lung ca in nonsmokers $mnkd
tiotropium now licensed for asthma as well as hastag copd hastag rcgpac
username adderall makes it possible to play hop hop and do your finals amazing
when you find out you should be prescribed with metformin to reduce insulin levels for pcos but your doctor always said its bc im fat lol.
username mainly cause geodon is cheaper. hella cheaper. and more weight neutral. will still take quetiapine ir at night prn
pullin an all nighter and goin to school on no sleep.. again. its hard, but adderall helps. and it gets me back on a good schedule.
latuda just set a new record for warnings hastag unsafedrugs hastag medicatedamerica
username ok now m8. had a lozenge overdose earlier! lol
fb03 username katun close 6des ready antara jan-maret hyperlink
username cause latuda aint worth a shit
hastag days nov. sweeps prediction: lunesta sales fall in salem after citizens realize it is cheaper to fall asleep after talking with paige.
username in my case it was asthma. one inhaler of xopenex and no coughing for two years.
username so, food network is dropping paula deen in the wake of racial slurs. will you be doing the same with her victoza contract?
username lol we may need a lot of docy, cipro, and z-packs. but if that gets us all the way from the corner...its meant to be
$act_$223.05_confirmed that it has filed an anda wth the fda seeking approval to market buprenorphine hydrochloride
username username username username bc i have pneumonia i have to really stagger the hastag vitamintrain due to interaction w levaquin.
enbrel shots hurt.
username ciprofloxacin ophthalmic for bacterial, caused by the common cold and shit.
imodium but for your mouth to quit running
username lunesta is a terrible drug.
bob's vineyards unites voluptuous fruit overtones and a tummy-tickling albuterol bouquet in their 2010 bordeaux. hastag بعدما
if dvt is found, blood thinners like coumadin or xarelto can be used to try and prevent spread (propagation) of this clot to the lungs hastag pe
tim, was born in meridia spain, 10/31/1969
ge hitachi awarded nearly $300 million in outage services and fuel contracts by exelon ...
username true but i think doctors need special lisxences to give suboxone too
my description of the study saying tamiflu not effective didn't reflect the study--it says: lots of bad studies out there, weakly effective
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
oh ew remembering shit that i've just travelled far far away to forget. does this mean i should take temazepam again?
symbicort wolf needs rule 34, guys
yeah. the vet is prescribing my dog prozac. great. ummm, really, this is happening in my life.
today marks one year suboxone free hastag proud
prozac and that oxycontin.
nexium did the gal right!! now water for the evening with!
username pretty much! camp ben, sponsored by temazepam and coke cola...
pretty sure that song's about a nuvaring rt username baby, i can feel your halo.
diclofenac sodium take after meal
preventing my humps with boniva hastag momsongs username
username had one this week order vascular heparin gtt with 15 mg xarelto daily to be increased to bid once the heparin was off. whaaaa?
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
username i hated trazodone. i felt like i took nothing. have u tried lunesta? i guess so since u said everything. i'd didn't like lunesta
thankfully i can come off my lamictal in 3 days. tapering isn't as slow is titration
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. hastag gobananas
hastag bipolar meds think just hastag lithium for hastag monotherapy hastag lamotrigine for hastag rapidcycling hastag atypicalantipsychotics now revealing serious hastag sideeffects
username where would we be if no one questioned the safety of thalidomide or vioxx?
username username not to be nosey, but wondering if they've tried any of the biologics,like humira or enbrel?
this warming lozenge feels weird.
for my birthday i'd like: - vacation to pride rock elephant boar monkey - a ride in glinda's bubble sparkles - or be crowned prince of januvia princess
vyvanse instantly turns you into a world class lawyer.
talking about the safety of rviia, tranexamic acid aprotinin username nata - 3 v different tales of science human nature regulation....
username can u pls tweet a pic of the location in hall of heroes? we can't find the section for meridia and tinkerbell
username i hope hillary is taking her boniva so she doesn't break her hip while running for president. major eyeroll.
god bless my lil bargain betty username for finding a coupon to get $50 off my advair prescription tho!
username username let me know when u try the buprenorphine xoxox
username i have used the ventolin a few more times when i got particularly wheezy
username not all of it. the plaintiffs attorney not only received my husbands settlement funds but all of their avandia clients
regarding microvascular end points, harold noted that saxagliptin reduced the development and progression of microalbuminuria.
.@norfud no. we're discerning. we don't fall for nice-sounding solutions which devastate. most hastag gunsense is like thalidomide in that way.
you can have all the papers, articles etc about hastag pradaxa but until there is an antidote, this drug is a killer. hastag recallpradaxa
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
username username i actually cannot sleep anywhere besides a bed but i'm take a lunesta so...
username im not the only guy to wera makeup....yay, altho i have a feeling i put it on wrong xd
but last night allegations involving firearms, drugs and rape ended up as a caution for 5 temazapam tablets.
oi just checked this lyrica pregabalin online, 150mg which i just took before sahoor.. costs $250...
drug commercials: enbrel will clear your skin but there's risk of high blood pressure, nausea, diarrhea, death, fleas in your coochie..
red bull and loperamide for breakfast hastag examday
i'd make another sandwich and lace the mayo with miralax or benefiber
kick off d mulai pertandingan semi final six on six antara kuarsa vs arnes unpad. come on quartz !
an excellent measuring stick to how funny something is in my life: have ventolin on hand/no need for ventolin
username well you depressed i wanted to know if cymbalta could help !
rt username username publishes exciting phiii trial results for hastag eliquis (apixaban) suggesting a hopeful alternative for vte  hastag isth20…
this old man talking about eliquis is the comedic highlight of the game...
username get a prescription to take sibutramine
in tears already watching the programme about thalidomide crying face broken heart
is this miralax extended release
username great job! i ran out of januvia
fark me, but with the divine sleep brought by xanax + seroquel, those late nights are an imaginary and prehistoric artefact.
hastag wbuedit5342 what in the heck am i doing up this late??? lunesta might help!
5th year intern doesn't know the brand name for ciprofloxacin. answers back with, uh... levaquin.  hastag fml hastag pharmacyproblems
time for hastag skyf1 and someone give that man a lozenge :)
get these niqqas some sildenafil citrate!!
username a daily kitty cuddle is equivalent to fluoxetine 20mg od
dtr- might be time for an exelon patch.mom-not me! it's b/c i'm hot and sweaty! what if you had to cut your grass everyday?! hastag truestory
ugh i hate metformin im sick
username oh and my dr put me on effexor now too, much better than the lexapro was
username warning: test out your reaction to drinking alcohol on pristiq at home first. after one drink you might not be able to stand
username username username yeah he could do with some imodium for his mouth complaint
romcin cream 2x aday300 makinga levofloxacin and piriton tablet 1x in aday
di antara 3 orang, i always be the last choice for you when no one there.
rt username from earlier today: novartis' sandoz unit starts late-stage trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel hyperlink
antara spatu boots or sport or buy a cloth hastag bingung
omg . maridia just cussed in front of my momma. im crying! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username because etanercept is also not orally absorbed it is unlikely to adversely affect the breastfed infant over 1 month of age
intraocular concentration of moxifloxacin after intracameral injection combined with presoaked intraocular lenses ...
what the heck does latuda have that you can't drink grapefruit juice with it?! flushed face
sally field's presentation brought to us by boniva
at reception: discovery of an unsigned repeat prescription for sildenafil (viagra), so asked me to sign. agreed. f...ing useless without.
somebody bring me some adderall
the lunesta didnt even work
username thank you meridia
endo and biodelivery sciences announce positive top-line results from the phase iii clinical trial of bema registered buprenorphine in opioid-exper...
ok so the darvocet did nothing. i lived but am also still in pain. because of the living.
vyvanse makes me happy. i kinda like finals week. hastag drugaddict hastag unlimitedfocus
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
look. if you consider yourself my friend, you will not offer me adderall, vyvanse, or anything..
i was given 1 temazepam pill in feb 2011. should i bin it now?
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
urea breath test =taking nexium hp7 can feel it working
next time i go to the doctors office or even hospital i better get a prescription for oxycodone, ventolin hfa and advair diskus 250/50
username username username i am content with my albuterol and flovent, though i may try to get off singulair
username i'm on gabapentin for that and nerve pain. increasing dose tonight. also on an antipsychotic. nothing helps atm.
so far i'm up to 40mg of geodon injected tonight. keep it up sacramento.... i got more
username lol tamiflu is prescription only. scratch that. its stupid anyways
username fluoxetine is shit! why are you on quetiapine?xxx
i highly regret not taking a nexium before dinner earlier. feels like death is near.
username but vioxx cures all!
gilenya, tysabri, copaxone and soon to be tecfidera are all major players in this fight now and it's just getting better, soon myelin repair
u.s. appeals court blocks lawsuits over darvon, darvocet painkillers: (reuters) - a federal appeals court on friday upheld the dismis...
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
username :(. seasonal allergies? try fluticasone propionate, it helps a lot!
that furry symbicort commercial with the anthro wolves, though!! :3!
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
new post (six diet pills with hidden sibutramine recalled) has been published on get fit bookmark
username i wonder if there would be a benefit with atorvastatin or rosuvastatin hastag aha14
man on tv says don't take victoza if you're allergic to it. really? duhhhhh....
elizabeth wurtzel wrote in prozac nation that dallas in 1988 was depressed and depressing. i am here to tell you today it has not changed.
username ¿ya probaste nexium y motilium?
username just started hastag enbrel shots again, praying for a miracle!
username have you tried miralax yet? i tried it recently and really enjoyed the results
username do dmts at least slow the progression down? i'm on tysabri and was under the impression that they do...
username what you know about those vyvanse study nights supplemented with 15 minute cod breaks!?
this is hugh up, miss meridia
username lol... makes you feel better, when my oldest grads., my youngest will start k! i'll be a mess! hastag prozac hastag alcohol
hastag apsad (n.o.a.s) dr finnegan methadone vs buprenorphine no clear cut advantages to either in pregnancy
rt@dani deeh: username i heard of tysabri. should work good on ms. but serious side effects as well :(” that's why i'm terrified!
username bro i have had so much c-zine and ventolin
username switching to lamictal and seroquel.
pradaxa was the new miracle drug last year smh stop being their lab rats man
hastag fda is investigating a possible link between the type 2 hastag diabetes drug saxagliptin (onglyza) and heart failure, the agency has announced
username greetings-new long-acting buprenorphine just for post-op 3 days. btw, your cat should be on gabapentin and not buprenorphine
phase 3 trial: nexavar tablets fail to meet primary endpoint in her2-negative breast cancer patients
if you covered 1/4 of the head of a shirt pin with pure nicotine, then licked it off you would be dead within 60 seconds. super toxic chem.
i called my doctor and asked her to call me in a prescription for advair because i think my asthma is flaring up.
on cnbc-tv18 angel broking: diovan generic approval is a positive for sun pharma
ventolin attacked and defeated sugar eater.
7. the makers of hastag nuvaring took the data of two of women with hastag estrogen surges out of the calculations for the chart they have on the label
di persimpangan antara i still care for you dengan i dont give a fuck anymore.
username is that a nuvaring on a stick in the background? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
rt username username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i listen to it
username username label pharmaceutical ptsd flash back since vioxx killed mom indomethacin paralyzed friend etc., or listen/do better
prasugrel - wait minimum 7 days, possible 10 day delay before neuraxial block. restart &gt;6 h after. hastag asra14
do they use etanercept (tnf-a inhibitor) to treat ebola? seems like that would work
im gunna o.d on my paxil tonite
username i use these instead of humira which i stop taking 6 years ago i've also tried remicade but this is all i use now
bedtime or daytime ??? why?? atorvastatin, rosuvastatin, pitavastatin may be given any time of the day because of their longer half-life.
latuda is the worst name. who approved this.
fine - careful with gabapentin - stage 4 ckd 750 mg max - just consulted on patient who was too loopy to do rehab with this hastag hospmed14
username yeah i took some imodium now, i'm just so over it
username it will be another scam like tamiflu !!!
username you can get a flu test at your doc’s office; if it is the flu, they can give you tamiflu to reduce the time you’re down.
username it's better than seroquil, zyprexa, abilify, lamiticil, lithium, and not to mention cigarettes. username username go
username username cryo-freeze while not on stage - and before she goes on, they pump her full of boneva
ocean what you think about me i'm on my own domino number make an amendment amendment to the namenda and then i bawlers mankin dollars
tresiba and victoza receive chmp decisions for expanded use
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
ivete sangalo place to fart. levothyroxine it's deep down body playing poker concept has merit. pretend lady gaga porsche diarrhea scarface
username hi, dr. cush. is there any real advantage to febuxostat over allopurinol?
on my last dose of paxil... :\
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hastag rheum
what is eyebrows taking? it doesn't look like cipro. hastag bb15
username all meds can kill, its the irresponsibility of some ppl! even suboxone kills! all should be stored properly!
username then u better get ur acebutolol and aliskiren ready with a glass of water. or better still, get your doctor on speed dial!...
a study published in nejm reported an increased rate of hospitalization for hf with use of saxagliptin compared with an inactive treatment.
*motions lunesta butterfly to turn on humidifier*
somalia going to war what? how? when? get some prozac and sit your ass down!
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
oh i think the baclofen kicked in a while ago heeeeeey
fda staff cautious about j&amp;js latest xarelto application
sun. eve hastag rhony guilty-pleasure-catch up...wonder if username doc told her to rinse after ea. advair inhalation to prevent thrush.
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
shit mad sexy when a honey takes out her nuvaring in front of you right before you bouta beat.
username imodium ad is what hot right about now
$frx acquires exclusive rights to $mrk saphris in the us for the treatment of schizophrenia for $240m +sales-based milestones
username option c: adderall xr, viagra and cialis.
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
username username username username looks like the one in the lunesta commercial. if you eat it does it make you sleepy?
username just need a metformin that is colon comparable.
username ambient, vallium, qualudes, lunesta and a girl with nice boobies and a fat round booty
username had my first pulled pork roll of ya today. simply immense. big mistake having da sauce. 2 imodium later and i'm still alive! just
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
(reuters) - exelon corp, the largest u
username ventolin is a brand name for albuterol - pretty much the go-to emergency inhaler for us asthmatics
while i hate levaquin with a passion i am grateful that my sinus infection is gone my headache went with it.
oh, ventolin inhaler, where have you been all my (asthmatic) life?
username prescribed fluticasone propionate. think that's the same as that one you mentioned. not sure it's helping yet but it's day 2.
it's hastag finalsweek at most colleges. in other news world adderall supplies have dipped to an all time low.
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
username the doctor told me to take tamiflu for the five days and then i would be ok to be around people.
after an entire day of people telling me that they remember metformin by reciting my name, i've decided that i'm changing my handle.
username does ventolin work for ebola?
username username it's almost as if all that varenicline cash filtering through is making tobacco controllers more aggressive.
username the cipro is just for later, in case we get sick/infection from water /food.
username you need boniva asap
$mnkd afrezza exubera compared. will afrezza fail like exubera? hyperlink
oomfs needs to take latuda or something to cure that bipolarness cause idk bout you sometimes flushed face raised hand
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hastag feelsorryformycats
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
more like paxil time cruiser usa *downs several handfuls of paxil with help of a coors original* username username username
tofacitinib should be stopped 2 days prior to surgery hastag acr14
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
hastag aquarius examined effects of aliskiren on progression of coronary hastag atherosclerosis in hastag cad prehypertension - s nicholls hastag esccongress2013
username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...nope
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
doctor's warning: do not use nuvaring during pregnancy.
rt username cipro/cipc has been lying for the past 5 years or more username username username username username
yes officer those are suboxone on my living room table;
viibryd has a half-life of less than 25 hours.
username right it's not live but it elicits an immune response and that's what i don't like. i've taken tamiflu and it works great!
lamotrigine drug concentrations were determined in metastases in both brain and in systemic tissues
and $azn is apparently promoting brilinta by constructing a skate park on the hastag acc14 floor. hyperlink
username that's exactly why i switched but my friend is on depression medicine on the nuvaring too. so idk flushed face
you would think with all the fucking people i know id be able to find some damn adderall :/
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i favor caution/moderation for any habit. years ago, they thought cocaine, trad. cigs, thalidomide were safe. jury still out.
saying goodbye to smoking involves more than physical recovery from nicotine addiction hastag worldnotobaccoday (1)
the commercial for pristiq makes me depressed.
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
9a. antibiotics such as ciprofloxacin (ciprotab), norfloxacin, and other quinolones. (ask your pharmacist for other medicines in this class
that pradaxa commercial is creepy.. neutral face flushed face
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
this tamiflu is soo nasty
im down with crestor
lunesta in hand: thankful for our kc friend who is here to spend time with us from florida. welcome username to the bosworth b&amp;b
tamiflu in demand. god bless walgreens 24 hour pharmacy! never had flu as an adult. these aches are awful. thank you for prayers. stay well!
only 12 more days until i will be able to stop taking pradaxa which will remove the risk of bleeding out allowing me to resume working.
watching dark knight rises. i don't know who's going to play the next batman but i hope someone gives him a lozenge for that raspy throat.
the exact mechanism of action of gabapentin as antiepileptic drug is unknown. lippincott2009
username traveling to india while on humira.. what shots are required to stay safe? thanks.
suboxone up the nostril, cutting the hedge which is more like something out of the amazon...having a smoke!
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
username at least mine has largely only been synthroid :)
my mother is bipolar. she needs jesus latuda
if the hastag raiders ever get a new stadium, i think either rolaids, tums or nexium should get naming rights for the heartburn the team causes.
username we made it by for years on diet and exercise. when they entered middle and high school we started them on a lose dose of adderall
how would be ur feeling when asking rtas patient to bring syringe gloves stickings and inj diclofenac hastag kpgovt hastag pti hastag complex hospital
results: crp 4 esr 8, hba1c 6.9 and massive drop in lipids. change of diet and enbrel working well! crp and esr was around 40+ last year!
if i dont get vyvanse or adderall for my finals i will cry
saxagliptin largely safe for the heart in high-risk type 2 diabetes, although heart failure signal warrants investigation hastag esccongress2013
username username did she take cipro levaquin or avelox join us at the senate hc if you did may 9th in d.c. no press 410-483-4876 terry
i'm tryin dis nuvaring one more time!!!!
username yup. of my meds, advair spiriva are on patent. singulair is now generic. plus antihistamines, allergy shots....
ed update: sildenafil has cardioprotective effects      10-21-14 ed update check out the latest updates in ... hyperlink
sad i won't have a class with ryleigh or meridia now sad but relieved face those are the only 2 people i know at school weary face
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
username im fucking possible .... you'll never do it... not without an accomplice and fluoxetine **grabs keys, grand antidepressants **
drop paula deen asap: novo nordisk (victoza), springer mountain chicken, landies candies, kmart, target tasty blend food
username username username searching for a summer job i think :(
i gat a taste for hastag cymbalta all these commercial they shown
marijuana hashish lsd dmt psilocybin alcohol cocaine adderall xanax oxycontin vicodin promethazine nitrous oxide
i guess my kittens a nicotine fiend grinning cat face grinning cat face dashing away hyperlink
username pss pradaxa has no reversal allegedly kept info from fda and linked to over 1500 death in 2 years on market. easy call.
phase 3 decision trial of nexavar (sorafenib) in locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive ...
username username have they tried giving you something like neurontin for nerve pain?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username from time to time i have needed ventolin and it has not been available with the paper presecription i could go anywhere
username i'm telling you lamictal. it takes almost a month to get on but it's worth it.
username i take paroxetine (check wikipedia for brand names) i don't remember my dreams rarely have nightmares, thankfully
may 23rd cover: sorafenib cardiotoxicity increases mortality hyperlink
i broke down and took the oxycodone yall.
rt username side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?
username get some imodium down ye. it's the best friend of those with the runs,gays and anal sex fans
please hastag wiunion ask your doctor to see if latuda is right for you. hastag walkerforever
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
i've discovered nexium and today for lunch i had two burritos and an entire package of salami just because i could and omg, omg omg yessss
7.5mg zopiclone 50mg quetiapine - and still i'm awake!! fuck you brain!!
fda approve saphris headed for nurse schizophrenia: .jwb
hastag onrundersea hall - use of tiotropium bromide to reduce pulmonary oxygen toxicity
i have the worst heartburn can we say nexium
username wish i could be flying with the kitty today. i'm on a stinky enbrel to msp or of ord.
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hastag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
spiffy ricky. fart fart the round table buffet. januvia maple syrup tuberculosis b.o. barry redeem daivy r&amp;b winning hand
username username orencia by iv. my 6th infusion. trials on self inject enbrel humira orencia had break thru symptoms
username took me time to understand that brilinta tweet _/\_
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
username delayed response. afluria covers h3n2v (assuming the v is just virus/viral signifier).
cnbc-tv18 alert: diovan is novartis' antihypertensive drug
treatment for painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy include duloxetine and pregabalin hastag diabetes
ventolin we meet again face with medical mask weary face
high school softball: ste. gen beats saxony lutheran 5-4. ashley viox was 4-4 and username got the win on the mound. hastag justthefacts
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
rt username has hastag nigellalawson released a new throat lozenge yet? hastag saatchi hastag opportunist hastag nopublicityisbadpublicity
apparently, xeljanz tofacitinib is not a croatian soccer player hastag worldcup
username username username username  that's also not dosed right. metformin is twice a day. beaming face with smiling eyes person tipping hand
username levaquin when i get up to go get it. i will see what insurance pays.
username please, look into seroquel.
the hastag roadtorama is paved with adderall
username but vioxx, actos and avandia are good for you!
the most adorable thing on tv is the spiriva elephant. and everyone is a total dick to it. hastag jerks
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
username i'm on lamictal, ativan, zyprexa, and prozac.
$jnj xarelto q1 us sales $319m - up 100% yoy!
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
my wife and i attended a drug dinner for brilinta ....how nerds do free date night. ; )
2 tabs of metoprolol did it!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
i really, really don't want to go back on domperidone for my breathing, so fingers crossed that more tiotropium fixes it.
username i use nuvaring too! hastag bondingoverbirthcontrol
username uh oh, i just saw a lawyer commercial that said paxil may cause serious birth defects!!
username kynamro final efficacy data was far below what we saw in early efficacy trials, too. $isis
lost the pristiq commercial song from my itunes :(
username as an adjunct. i agree. very small amounts are all that is necessary. seems to potentiate my norco, gabapentin and cymbalta.
sporadically chugging on my blue ventolin inhaler during footy isn't the best look, so instead i've been given this. hyperlink
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
hastag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
i'm just realizing tyler the crestor looks just like ace in paid in full. flushed face hyperlink
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
username excellent. let's do this. will take imodium so there are no embarrassing accidents! thumbs up face with tears of joy
username thanks!!! are you switching to enbrel?
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hastag that
username username oxycontin is just oxycodone extended release and no tylenol.
username what inhaler is she on . i moved to symbicort and my asthma has virtually disappeared
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
but merydia
parents screaming, someone's threatening suicide at my love, trazodone it is
i need something stronger than nicotine.
username username username username username fuckin hell jo.  get some imodium
username ehh my anxiety is still horrible but with the prozac i don't cry as much and the trazadone does help me sleep a little
put a lozenge in my mouth to stop me coughing at like 5am, woke up just now and a bit was still there hastag choke
username username when $regn was $80, username said eylea = me-too drug, cant cont to beat. get your point but bad advice.
the side effects of latuda are pretty outrageous
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
ok, i'm pretty sure that missing 2 doses of fluoxetine (pure disorderliness/schedule fail) was responsible for my joint pain.
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
depression hurts. cymbalta can help. hyperlink
upon first glance, you'd think latisse and latuda are inventive names. but they're prescriptions. okay.....
hastag westernaf abdulkarim: i do not stop apixaban and rivaroxaban during hastag afib ablation. username
username first it's the folic acid... then all of a sudden you're losing miralax privileges.
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
two antidepressants, hastag mirtazapine hastag fluoxetine linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection...
3 months to think about if i want to go on meds for ankylosing spondylitis. prev took enbrel/methotrexate combo with no relief.
vyvanse make me such a happy person
i restart the lamictal today; been off a week. i should give a disclaimer during my &lt;3 2 &lt;3 tonight: i don't have as much patience as usual.
i bet the little fella selling imodium out of a brief case by the concession stand at bryant denney is making bank about now.
username username username idk... are you thinking about some dates in particular?
was off enbrel for 3 weeks between surgery pharyngitis. paying for it. usually take 2-3 weeks to rebound. hastag arthritis hastag psoriasis
hey sally field - wanna know what reminds me we're all human? it's not movies - it's your boniva commercials hastag oscars
first round of room optimization and practice. stopped in maridia before phantoon. did not record. big saves to come! hyperlink
how i wish i didn't have to dose up on imodium to complete my day...
username both those fluoroquinolones (moxifloxacin- avelox and levofloxacin-levaquin) are expensive but cipro no good 'cept for uti
overeating habit needs to fucking stop! hashtag imodium pa more!
patrick made me iced tea with miralax and i didn't finish it so he said fine dont shit see if i care
ni mesti ada chemistry antara each other . k
i can't wake up without my vyvanse
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
actually aq ad 2 pilihan antara a username c
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hastag olanzapine hastag timetochange hastag bipolar
username can the ventolin data be extrapolated to kids tho?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username i'm good but i'm on hastag ronwatch bloody boss wouldn't let me take methodone home for him so we're on buprenorphine for the night.
times like these where it's almost 1 and i still have a paper to write and can't focus make me wonder if adderall would work.. but drugs person gesturing NO
day 1- first dose of metformin taken. not feeling sick yet.
hastag teaminsomnia guess i should take this trazodone the dr. gave me ... hate prescriptions ... but need sleep sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
the meridia beaded collar is complete! these are somewhat bleached looking unfortunately, better pictures to follow shortly :-)
ticket: michael arrington, failure to thrash imodium ad, (ding) yay, double fine day! $787 x 2 = $3003
allergic reaction to hastag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hastag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username username will send this to meps supporting campaign to get thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to compensate all thalidomiders
oh im taking about saphris
taking a little trip thanks hastag trazodone
serious question: has anyone on here ever taken vanlalic/venlafaxine? having some weird side effects and want to know if they are normal.
username arava. mtx quit working so this is next stop before humira.
latuda when ur tude gets a lat . and oh you can't breath or move taking it or you'll die
phenobarbital, dilantin, zonegran, vimpat, lamictal, lamictal + fycompa and now lamictal + aption. let's see if this works.
username 8mg of buprenorphine (suboxone) is the same potency as 133mg of morphine
the crestor commercials are literally so stupid
tu antara example quote two wrongs don't make a right
username yes mum depression hurts, cymbalta can help!! duhh
username i started on byetta and then i was changed to victoza this is all so worrying
phil mickelson stares into my soul through enbrel commercials.
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
if cnbc combined cialis and humira ads: there i was again, explaining my moderate-severe erectile dysfunction to my down under stylist
trazodone time
username is xigris or hope of a successor dead in the water?
q. 3 which of the following teratogenic agents is associated with phocomelia? a) warfarin b) phenytoin c) tetracycline d) thalidomide
yes! my dr prescribed cipro for my trip! watch out potential stomach bugs! trip countdown: 7 days
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
of the ms drugs, mr. corboy says tysabri (natalizumab) is considered the most effective but it hasn't been tested in any comparison trials.
omg. this victoza commercial isnt appealing to anyone with type 2 diabetes. the whole commercial is about side effects and abnormal symptoms
username username username first few times i took diclofenac were excellent, the pain was gone and i felt like i was pleasantly [1/]
username i have some anti depressants, temazepam anti anxiety if they will do?!?!
username lol ) n m glad he isnt tagged in the othr convo(wherein there's antara too).coz if he had read it,we wud have died rofling ;)
rt username nicotine and faded dreams, baby just believe, there's no one else like mee
xarelto really just had a side effect of death. if anyone has the balls to try it hastag kudos
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
two trips to ngh on consecutive days. blood test tues denosumab wed. parking fee for both days £7.40.
username take nexium
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
username u should work there u can spot the terroists a mile off with ur giraffe neck thalidomide
username imodium stock values will sour!!
hypothesis: vyvanse works best after little to no sleep  status: true
well. ya know, cymbalta can help.
i hope the hastag royals have their imodium ad because they're about to get mad bum. hastag game7 hastag giants
$mnkd if there's any safety issues then exubera wouldn't have been approved. exu failed due to it's archaic bong's stigma/inconvenience!
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
username and it was only because of that adderall and i was awake for mike and mike in the morning haha
username mouth watering over a chantix, tormpatix adderall cocktail
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
username username ditto that with keppra and vimpat
i learn as a pleasant surprise from the indo (i know!) that enbrel also protects against alzheimer's disease.
username i'm tamiflu and nose sprays and etc
feeling much better.thanx to fluticasone spray :) hastag waytobeatreboundcongestion
username paxil doesn't do much for me unless i forget to take it. except make me require 7+ hours of sleep a night
just took cipro. hoping my body doesn't die. if you're reading this, i'm fine unless someone is kind enough to send these posthumously.
walgreen's please tighten up i need my advair like now!!! unamused face unamused face unamused face
username lol i live in that paxil isn't working world too i'm not pmsing! i feel like snapping heads today!
i wish i could find ventolin cfc. ...
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
note to self,when you have an overactive mind,do not google the tablets your on and read the case studies hastag ffs hastag amitriptyline hastag fluoxetine
niche question: anyone ever taken gabapentin or pregabalin for pain? did they work, and are the side effects as awful as they look?
username it didn't work well for me...i was also on humira and now they want to change me to acemra but these meds are getting pricey
januvia sounds like genovia, and now i want to watch princess diaries. squinting face with tongue  hastag medpass hastag nurseproblems
avandia prompted tens of thousands of patients in the united states to file lawsuits against glaxosmithkline. hastag avandia hastag cashadvance
hastag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin did not reduce cv death, nonfatal mi/stroke in hastag diabetics at high cv risk - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
username add symbicort to the list
kobe bryant elected to imodium ad hall of fame (4th ballot, 79.1% of vote)
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
frx-$40.96-announces positive phase iii study results for nebivolol and valsartan combination in hypertension-submit nda 1st q 2014
side bet for the day. $5 says username will ask username for a script for sildenafil by the end of the day.
diovan hct cialis interaction
quetiapine xl good or bad? # mentalhealthproblems
whoever did the ad for the country house really should've tried harder to not make it look like another one of blythe danner's prolia ads.
iza...ulcers can be a bitch sometimes..rt username esomeprazole magnesium things
i'm pretty sure the makers of latuda could've come up with a better name.
get a nuvaring i can't wife u, sorry dat was mean i'm so trifle
username por exemplo: the manufacturer has decided to stop producing sibutramine based on information from a recent clinical study. +
when the doc gives you an injection of antibiotics, and a prescription for cipro, you know you should be on your way.
username btw, i take 20 mg of fluoxetine every day. so clearly, i've figured all of this out...
username flovent 110mcg and proair
dr. brenzel says kentucky state police has seen 300% increase in suboxone seizures over the last 18 months. hastag kyga14
username i have to take seroquel to sleep. it's like a horse tranquilizer.
i dreamt that i drank too much diet coke, esspressos, popped too many adderol pills then ambien lunesta til my heart stopped beating...
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
username nah you missing my point, i realize there was a pistol present along with weed and oxycodone pills, but did he deserve death?
exelon urging citizen action for aging nuke fleet - is nuclear really clean? username username
username oh and how did you feel?? now my ventolin seems overrated haha
hastag bayer says hastag nexavar fails in hastag breastcancer phase iii study. nexavar approved for some types of hastag liver, hastag kidney, hastag thyroid hastag cancer.
username i know! the doses of levothyroxine are almost half what they were in the seventies! i gave it six years to no avail. ndt rocks
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
biggest nuvaring i've ever seen hyperlink
i really wish suboxone was easy to get i hate this shit so bad.
username you're not giving out crestor again this year?!
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
username i'd go and buy some imodium in preparation for this if i were you. hyperlink
username i have a stack of esomeprazole mate
hastag news ranbaxy gets us fda nod for diovan generic: company will also enjoy 180 days of exclusive marketing rights for the drug in ...  hastag rt
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
tonight could be interesting. on my first pint but not supposed to drink on these meds - quetiapine and duloxetine. happy days!
username username this sounds like a premise for a really bad ad for nexium or something. xd
username username ive had the shits for 2 days. took 3 imodium and 2 codeine before i wont poo for weeks now
username i'm fine. just got my new script. daily: 4x100mg dilantin 3x20mg fluoxetine 1x40mg pantoprazole pulmicort bricanyl i'm a mess.
anytime i drink coffee i instantly need an imodium
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
username spamming justin and not being noticed hurts cymbalta can help omfg
i need nicotine !!!
gotta give myself my humira shot later this morning. i’m a coward so i’ve been having my mom do it, but she’s not here sad but relieved face
groggy zimmer unsure day of bears game: i didn’t get enough sleep last night. that lunesta did not work. here comes ambien box. hastag vikings
username now lunesta and zyquil will sponsor the astronauts. nasa we have a problem
thank jesus for adderall
username my guess would have been imodium ad.
du coup c'est dj-pon3, lyrica lilac et sunny rays because fuck you that's why &gt;&lt;
username i don't think so, no, suboxone is like methadone, it is an opiate that just doesn't cross over in the brain to make u high
hanwha's etanercept hastag biosimilar hd-203 approved in korea on 11 november 2014. wonder when they will file in europe?
username ask them about metformin smiling face with smiling eyes thumbs up
now showing exubera and lung cancer $mnkd is not exubera completely different wtf
been doing this class work since 12 this morning... thank you lord, for my vyvanse. hastag nojoke hastag addprobz
razor blades and seroquel.
username username accurate. i tested positive last wk. clinic had 13 +s that day. 7 had the flu shot. tamiflu of course helped.
in the beginning there was bortezomib
i think its funny when people ask me what drugs i've taken to lose weight. sorry i don't cheat w/ adderall hastag sorryallnatural hastag bodytemple
today's wake up brought to you by flogging molly, rocket fuel coffee, jps tobacco and venlafaxine hydrochloride. huzzah! hastag friday
rt username hastag fda rejects hastag bayer’s hastag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hastag pharma #…
soooo....there is an depressant pill being advertised on tv right now called: latuda
username username it's not finals if you're not counting your hours of sleep and how many mg of adderall you can take face with tears of joy tired face
username nothing a little trazodone can't fix.
im out of seroquel how will i sleep it's a mystery
tegan sara are making me miss my partner even more this weekend. thank god for vicodin. and paxil. and klonopin.
username username aliskiren develped by novartis company
jesus, that was close. left my metformin on the desk maxx nearly ate it. did not want to spend saturday night username kitty cat er.
depression hurts, cymbalta can't help.
no ma'am. i will not fill your script for #112 suboxone sl films. hastag pharmacy hastag carfullofkids
it's clear that the cipro hasn't completely gotten rid of the infection. here's hoping friday scraps it away and starts new! hastag facialpain
antara lecture
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
perbalahan antara acidgaf fans haters membuatkan jo deactive her account. im so fucking sad because the drama was so fab face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy hahaha
username hook it up with some viibryd buddy. my prescription ran out months ago. thanks and congrats!
username esomeprazole has imidazole ring, same as caffeinate and alprozolam, likely similar receptors involved
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
gonna need a tractor trailer full of red bull and 10,000mg if adderall to get me through this week
username username username i'm very familiar with clobazam and while i've been on lacosomide i don't remember it as well.
dr sent a new antibiotic for my upper respiratory infection. levofloxacin 500mg. hope this one helps. z-pack just couldn't cut it.
username it was. also discussed harm reduction, buprenorphine alone for chronic pain vs traditional opioids.
username should carry xopenex if you don't already have, wonderful rescue inhaler
and this symbicort ad turned the three little pigs into a story completely about an anthropomorphic fox who can't breath right. alright then
moxie session potato chips sqrmodso scene like diarrhea and diapers. crestor gonz cascara sagrada lovely super janice stool softener
username username shouldn’t be but govts around world spent billion$ stocking up on tamiflu
username honest, i'm going to ask if he can increase my metoprolol because no way will my pulse stay below 80 during that.
username how is the humira? the remicaide doesn't seem to be doing much
username thank you. $197 for the flovent was a killer.
username anybody had the medication vimpat
hastag isth2013 metaanalysis of hastag dabigatran etexilate clearly induces risk of myocardial infarction ...
username so sorry to hear ur under the weather. how long till back on enbrel? i'm good today just starting the work day usual aches.
throat's being a bitch and not a single lozenge in sight
welcome username as a member of nexium relieved face raising hands
turns out tamiflu costs ~$100, only shortens flu time by 2 days, may have side effects. it was better to enjoy my expedition-strength pants.
username i need stronger stuff. amoxicillin didn't cut. i'm thinking z-pak or cipro. i need the amped up stuff.
username username what if they are resistant to pencillin?? try levaquin 250 mg daily for 12 days + rest. :)
advair been working for me for a decade, now i gotta change because these insurance co's don't wanna pay for it anymore...
this latest crestor commercial is just awful.
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
maybe i need this latuda since i'm bipolar... *calls doctor*
sally. looks like boneva is really working for her. the whiskey is working against her. hastag dwhmn hastag oscars
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” i need bananas!!!
username galantamine is reversible competitive inh of ach-ase while rivastigmine is reversible inh of butyrylesterase&amp;ach-ase kaaa
exelon wind v nelson—5th cir finds dist ct had no smj to hear chal to tex pub util comm order re energy purch; reverses sj re other claims
username well, i was exhausted until i had 2 cigs in a row to de-stress, now running on a nicotine high. . .
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hastag stayoffthesteroidskids
this week has had so many highs and lows i might need to invest in a paxil prescription.
username username he need boniva osteoporosis pills once a month mane
dr reddy's: launches oral inhalation levalbuterol solution
username go on google images and search thalidomide babies
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
$regn - lucentis had to submit 2-yr dme data for us approval. looks like fda gave ok with one-yr data for eylea which explains '1yr ahead'
burnt mushy the hustler pee aranesp may sweet unseemly star trek constipation two, three...soda, shells burp prime rib medium well
no sign tamiflu works well to stop flu outbreaks: study - marketwatch
username lol yeah they said the swine flu and they prescribed me tamiflu and some other pills for my cough pensive face face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username after methotraxate and remicade failed, humira was my next option. my doctor put me on it
username when i was in horrendous all-over pain in 2010 pregabalin worked for me, but i stopped after 6 months because of side effects.
username username that's false goodbye victoza
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hastag nausea
i think i'm really going to love exelon braille bills. just one page to tell you everything. straight to the point. :p
it may be time to take some imodium
username yeah dude, my advair helps so much.
i definitely can't forget my passport and ventolin inhaler!!!!! jfc!
username username username username username for each strip of bacon, increase brilinta by 100%. just saying.
loading up patients on miralax and milk of magnesia just in time for the weekend hastag nurselife hastag weekendflow
til never quit pristiq cold turkey.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username ur a fucking junkie..wanna buy some methadone or suboxone
username i was drinking it and they were like that has miralax in it. face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
depression hurts an if you're too broke for cymbalta eat nilla wafers
not taking my adderall for 9 hours of traveling was not the right move
hastag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
username alright.. i'll prescribe you fluoxetine,. maybe throw in some buspirone?
im gonna need some adderall or some shit if im gonna clean my fucking room
home. doubling up on my gabapentin and taking a boatload of prednisone too. maybe it'll help. we'll see.
relaxing day, got some stuff done. glad i did before this third dose of gabapentin kicked in. yet again i'm totally out of it. hastag endo
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
initial combo of linagliptin and metformin compared with linagliptin mono in newly diagnosed t2d with marked hyperglycaemia hastag t2dm hastag diabetes
crestor has the dumbest advertisement on television today. celebrating all the side effects for the last 10 seconds of the ad? hastag sillydrugs
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
brief-bayer says fda rejects wider use of blood thinner xarelto
username thank goodness i have lunesta
username during h1n1 pandemic, clinicians also cared for infected patients, with only oseltamivir to fall back on hastag hpmglobal
rt username are antibiotics safe? read our original investigation: popular antibiotic ciprofloxacin linked to uk deaths hyperlink
seroquel did me good last night *.*
username username that's what imodium is for, get your bowel meds straight
username lyrica is kinda wifey” smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
i found a girls nuvaring on the bathroom floor. face without mouth expressionless face
username he needs to make sure she took her boniva so she doesn't break any bones.
to temazepam or not...?
puffin from dat bronchodilator and ciclesonide inhalation dashing away collision
username username get seratide as changed my life big style. don’t use ventolin now. docs don’t like giving them out as expensive £40 ea
 skull skull skull you told me a while back face with tears of joy face with tears of joy @killaj_: only darvin would know you can get high off eatin ass skull ”
sadly no school agian, but hopefully tamiflu 75mg 2x/day will help folded hands
on craigslist? lunesta the lion king naruto course... mr. baloney alyssa milano reserved i'm a popcorn reading disneyland.
okay i have to shower before my mom gets out of her tysabri
rivaroxaban diary day 22 had bloods taken on 20th. go back to flec, simvastatin, doxazosin, furesomide an asthma inhalers. then add 1 drug
username one day you my friend the next i'm fake raised hand unamused face fuck it give that mf some latuda
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
sitting here writing my essay in search of duct tape as targo talks all of the vyvanse out of her system please help
so tyler the crestor is performing sigh eminem at wembley
username lack of nicotine.”
word of the day: nexium bubba says it's one of the starships on star trek:) hastag wordoftheday
going to bed equipped with butter menthols, panadol, phenerghen, cough syrup, lemonade, ventolin and tissues - dare to run at me sickness 󾮖󾌮
username the only drug i'm on is life. and advair
quetiapine and painkillers. good combination.
username prozac niggah lol
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
username username username give him some nexium send him home hastag whocares
ran out of fluoxetine pills.
my mouth still tastes like fucking lamotrigine, ew
well that was interesting. there was a guy convicted because he tested positive for buprenorphine face screaming in fear he was in a little cell
thankful for tamiflu hastag flusucks
username like how am i not cymbalta's new poster child?” face with tears of joy
theres a place in hell reserved for the creator of metformin tablets! hastag pcosproblems
plaintiffs: prilosec/nexium settlements weresingle, indivisible deal linking nexium case to release of teva’s $100 million prilosec dams
username true but i like the lamotrigine and my psych has said he won't add anything to it so it will mean a whole change of meds :/
forum: viibryd 40m, increasing anxiety? - viibryd sufferers-i expect this to be my last post as i can say i am alm...
username you left it on the lunch table. also you forgot your miralax
username so far i'm good i switch to tecfidera 9 months ago. i did betaseron for the first 10 1/2 years.
username lol well ok! thank you nexium ascension! tonights episode was***exhausting! exhausting! poor mack! username
one abandon. no 43 with asthma. sucking on the ventolin as she rolls in. hastag mastersroadnats
username username pharmaceutical e.g.lets lie vioxx even has heart benefit for jama article so sell mroe since we have ocd greed. boo
the fda has approved a new indication for apixaban (eliquis), the anticoagulant drug manufactured by bristol-myers squibb and pfizer
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
username shelagh fogarty today at about 12:35. the use of thalidomide problem 2 suggest 'nhs medicine' is same quackery was shameful
9pm bbc2: must watch doc on thalidomide babies. tragic consequences of greedy corporations but also the courage conviction of one man.
username oh my i really know the feeling only thing that used to work in the end for me is a ventolin
watching maniacs race little cottonwood canyon tour of utah. hastag tofu14 i get tachy on username tram. tadalafil 1st day at altitude helps ;-)
guys the throat lozenge box said to have one every 2-3 hours i just had 3 in 1 hour i'm going to die
nicotine always makes me get out of a bad mood
i don't trust loperamide but i needed it. i guess i'm getting old
simon cowell caca handika horse ebooks in eddie bauer. edify diamond wrong way head clump fetish bitpagos symbicort alice cooper
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
username username he put me on nexium and that has been amazing. but i still have to take tums sometimes. let me skip a day tho :(
username username username username username a shed load of imodium could not stop the trots slab have become.
i could use some wine whinehouse and username right abt now... i'm going to settle for this pumpkin beer and lunesta hastag pleasesleep zzz folded hands
atripla is the originator fdc fixed dose combination of ftc emtricitabine tdf tenofovir disiproxil fumarate and efv efavirenz hastag hiv hastag pmtct
cnbc-tv18 alert: us sales of xopenex at $269.7 m
username stopping effexor is probably good but not suddenly! xxx
my body already hates me for the copious amounts of adderall and lack of sleep and food it's about to endure these next few days
i dont have asthma anymore!!!i just take preventable advair cause i smoke a pack n' half a day.i get it for free
time 2 start my advair adventures...
username hi ed, what is the best of statins? is it atorvastatin or lovastatin? thank you
username nothing lol. your airways will open. is your inhaler albuterol or flovent?
finals: an adderall dealers best friend
my vyvanse is nowhere to be found... great.
suboxone is a pathetic drug that just has bad shit radiating all around it
humira why you burn my veins
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
i hate the tamiflu commercial
acer 2011 first move lozenge 16.3% re dwindling sales
username being titrated slowly on lamictal, still have to take carbatrol until lamical levels are good.
ik someone who's voice is messed up from acid reflux messing up there throat &amp;&amp; i don't wanna be like that. &amp;&amp; i can't take nexium pregnant unamused face
seriously why are you somalian motherfuckers always constipated? i thought all you people ate was sand? all the miralax gone!
harry evans eat your heart out! this puts your thalidomide scoop in the shade hastag riplocaljournalism hyperlink
username oh it's straight.. but i have a written rx for adderall xr if i brought it in could i get it filled for just reg adderall not xr
i thought the nexium commercial person said pikachu and i just
1:09 pm wsyx a man his beloved dog spend time together in a symbicort ad. it's so nice.
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
username *clears throat* debbie just hit the wall she never had it all one prozac a day husband's a cpa her dreams went out.....
hastag aquarius: aliskiren did not improve or slow progression of coronary atherosclerosis - stephen nicholls hastag esccongress2013
dear arcoxia, polynerv 500, celecoxib please take away the pain :'(
ciprofloxacin has its interaction inflooding contingency sectors for lagniappe taste herbal, connatural suppleme:
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
well shoot. forgot today was a hastag humira shot day. hate these!
username agree! (i covered the exubera adcom too!)
in the 60's the world was normal and people took acid to make it weird.nowadays the world is weird and people take prozac to make it normal.
and after i was discharged yesterday, i overdosed impulsively but it was a mixture of klonopin, xanax, seroquel and flexeril.
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
username username 2 dif pipes! chrissy taylor prves dngr of asth meds. my doc wanted me off advair (viv's purp disc) but i need it
can you mail drugs overseas? vyvanse, specifically.
rt username [drug applications] fda issues complete response letter for xarelto (rivaroxaban) to reduce the risk of stent... hyperlink
thalidomide for pregnant women? science wins again.
username username yes, a while ago. thalidomide and dex. not on anything but maintenance right now.
swiss jeune fille lozenge offers the world's leading calling being as how processed pantophagist overstate and n: .yob
was feeling crap about my day until i saw this username my week = doctors / tysabri infusion / heart scan / psychologist / surgery.
username omnar's ciclesonide is the stuff i had. took it out in about 3 days.
celebrating nearly one year on quetiapine with some delicious quetiapine. mmm. quick release for instant no-madness.
rt username hastag todolist 1-finish throat lozenge. 2-record here's the thing for username 3-invent renewable energy source using …
username smiling face with smiling eyes the road either there investigating my brother growin dope mikey sellin suboxone or rihanna got jealous wanted to know more pouting face
ps wolfe said he is the only public speaker at username mtg on spiriva today.
time to take my tamiflu
username yup metformin 500mgs x4 a day januvia 100 mg 1 a day and still i'm up and down like a yoyo
rt username recent hastag diabetes drug launches: $lly/bi's tradjenta, $bmy/azn's onglyza, $nvo's victoza, $jnj's invokana hastag ada2013 hyperlink
tamiflu ... nnt 33 to reduce their fever and malaise, but one in 22 vomits for 3 days straight.  hastag nnt hastag acep14
 index pointing up medical student died after taking banned weight loss drug bought online: she was prescribed anti-depressant fluoxetine, but had bee...
i wonder what apple's reason is for making a thalidomide phone charger cable.
username i wish u were around when that sketchy nurse practitioner put me on geodon
username humira remicade are only 2 drugs out of all that have worked to control my crohns. unfortunately, they both caused...
username that was actually the way i noticed. got nausea and headaches and realized i hadn't got them since i started pristiq
 winking face with tongue winking face with tongue beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy yeen getting it back dawg. username darvin has had my t-shirt for about a year now face with steam from nose ”
username his poison needed to be imodium
username butrans. buprenorphine based pills...heaven smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
username to add some extra tension take one imodium and one laxative....
username baclofen 10mg out of stock and pharmacy staff have no idea when it’ll be available! oh wait! lets pause patient’s illness. hastag fail
former val member joined nexium my team is gonna be fucking sick bro
think not. i imagine mappy fart imitation crab paul promote radish levothyroxine fungus diarrhea agnez mo underwear poo bike a broken leg
username ur right for a while, i couldn't stop. mormont killed, crestor killed, and then you think... oh no the baby
username can't compare ppis like nexium with sovaldi, innovation in an area of need. the pricing model as a whole needs reevaluation.
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
username been on victoza for about 2 mths my levels have dropped from over 100 to 55!! dr was so pleased i'm really happy too :)
username i know how to make temazepam martinis! they would be a great appetiser!
username ohhh so it really has nicotine and they smell like a cigar. nice!!!
you're taking adderall for a quiz thats like popping molly for a getty username
username courageous blog post! -- takes some courage to decide to stop paxil. my family has struggled with anxiety disorders. good luck!
username username he also takes 1mg colodine, 1mg risperdal, 10mg paxil and 25mg trazodone
username yeah mine only gives me three refills a year of monthly symbicort like it's goddamn vicodin or something.
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
hastag paxil: azithromycin: generic zithromax 250 mg - paroxetine hcl 20mg is addicting =&gt; hyperlink
buprenorphine in the periop period: to stop or not to stop. that is the question. hastag suboxone hastag opioids hastag painrds
if i take boniva now as a young healthy man, could i have super bones?
thank you vyvanse for this great mood i'm in raising hands
varenicline efficacy and safety among methadone maintained smokers: a randomized placebo-controlled trial
instead of drinking clinking beer mugs tweeting, i lunesta tweet.
username your company is absolute bull. won't let me use advair probably because you don't have your hand in their pocket.
have you tried licking ....... *answers call* username doctors in the house...i cant stop coughing without ventolin its really annoying
ah man, your lunesta is on back order!! no sleep for you!
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
username can you put me in touch with the person asking for translation re contergan? i am a thalidomide survivor campaigner.
username thalidomide on the keyboard alert
username username i've had chronic insomnia for as long as i can remember because my brain won't shut up. low dose of quetiapine...
username did you also lol at the ventolin thing? i love kot's aphax twin obsession face with tears of joy
username wingspan of a thalidomide sparrow* #1inchwarrior
regret taking my nuvaring out weary face weary face
thalidomide: hastag grunethal hastag distillers-well at least diageo is doing the right thing now paying into the thalidomide trust! hastag david mason-hero!!
username username i get 2 symbicort inhalers for £8 on the nhs. your system is insane.
don't call me bipolar unless u gon fill my lamictal prescription and deal with my highs and lows
betaseron and extavia are used for treating relapsing forms of ms, to reduce the frequency of clinical relapses hastag multiplesclerosis
i think victoza breaks the record for longest commercial. lordy. hastag cnn
username i used to take something called aciphex which is a prescription but it worked wonders,also tilting you bed so your head is...
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
my wish to sleep will be granted by quetiapine. in half an hour. this'll take a while.
two months on my third go around with enbrel to treat my psoriasis. had to take a two week break though due to the flu and high fever.
username yes. two types of antiviral drugs, rimantadine (flumadine) and oseltamivir (tamiflu), have been shown to be effective against in
*that awkward moment when a guy accidentally pulls out your nuvaring
username doctor said to come back for nexium if i need it, hoping it fixes itself :((((;
you know what word sounds funny? lozenge.
username nope, the traditional wheezy bronchitis. on ventolin and antibiotics now, not coughing so much. hastag boringbeingsick
username i had this prob 5-6 yrs ago. doc said sleep cycle messed up, put me on lunesta for a month, did the job. may need that again
in pts who can't take coumadin or lovenox...consider rivaroxaban (15 mg bid for 3 wks, followed by 20 mg qd) as an option for tx hastag foamed
username the problem with vioxx is that merck mislead people about the risks. username username username
username dude. give her some cymbalta or something. pipe down there hot shot.
i was supposed to manually apply our zostavax order today. do you think anyone in my entire district knew how to do it? spoiler, they didn't
{considers prozac ivs for damon and almighty}
username hastag cillaxin? is that a new medicine of some kind? like amoxicillin? or ciprofloxacin? ;-)
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
username still hearing voices.? if i were you i start with seroquel 100mg bid. should minimize them voices.. hastag psychosis hastag bipolar..
username ye not bad thanks, avin velcade and dex hope for 2nd sct this year. give my regards to your bro x
10th floor. oh, city lights. also gerard pique and some fruit-flavored imodium ad.
what's wrong with advair , my mom is so serious about me not taking it even tho the doctor suggests tht i do
rivaroxaban for thromboprophylaxis in acutely ill medical patients hastag pharmsohard hyperlink
username i was going to say no such thing as too much cheese! but my recent miralax prescription would definitely suggest otherwise
username currently, i've been off pain meds for 2 weeks. was on suboxone for some time. thru psychiatrist, after pain doc culled patients.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. » lol lee dafa yomba deh
i've had a pretty good day breathing today, not needed too many nebs (have managed 4 hourly) going to put it down to my new symbicort
a close calls with the milk can escape, getting ready for viox de ville username tickets on sale now! hyperlink
apixaban administration during pregnancy was not harmful in rats, mice, or rabbits.
never freeze your nuvaring
md rx'd exelon (rivastigmine) for alzheimer’s. which side effect is most common? a. urinary incontinence b. headache c. confusion d. nausea
username *holds out lozenge* ere you go username dis mite elp dat paw coff uf yors!
braeburn to provide relief for opioid dependence/pain in n america with camurus' weekly buprenorphine for $151m
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username sounds like fun! hope antib's work this time. are you on humira?
hello my love, i just picked your prescription for seroquel up
username i need some adderall to calm my hyper ass down
username along with viagra and seroquel, on shelf in stores near you!!!
finding my nexium was the best thing to happen to me in a long time!! raising hands won't god do it lol
hastag xanaxdreams and the 02:39 fluoxetine seagull drop off
swiggity swag! what's in the fag? nicotine
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
username username this is why i'm glad i got switched to vyvanse. they hardly ever run out of it.
username a leading academic - not pharma-led i must add - told me that s/e's of paroxetine were (in his humble opinion) over-played
no point sounding eloquent on twitter if your public oratory resembles rain man drugged up on trazodone and hyperventilating on a plane
username dad is on cipro right now :) lol and keflex...
username re: namenda my gma has alzheimer's, remember? do you know your type of headache? my main headache is occipital neuralgia
username hastag quote me milton friedman on the thalidomide issue and then think of quoting him again.
it's time for my enbrel injection. let's do this.
first run in 2 weeks…. new challenge is to run the hill, yes the camperdown hill! i shall dually prepare wth e cex’s ventolin and whinging
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hastag seroquel
mine got bad w/ age travel. my body having to adjust to so many different allergens all the time username +, advair didn't work 4 me
i still laugh about when tyrel and his gf broke up in 7th grade so his fb stat was depressed :/ zach commented cymbalta can help haha
$ohrp eye drop going after blockbuster market of eylea (injection). 5 person trial data being presented 2/19 at macula society meeting
also unclear if memantine is helpful at this point. hastag autismchat
username username would love to see a brilinta trial in stemi for aps too as well as free heraldsun access.
username nope :) difflam is abt 20/lozenge. orofar is a lot cheaper than others and very very effective.. :)
sorry, your crestor is not an urgent request. good bye
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
team exelon is looking for a manager to manage and get sponsors for the team! dm username username username username
username worth the dopey ness of getting used to the topamax (to me) though, bc the saphris is p. much amazing for me.
username hastag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
rt username oral regimens for pyelonephritis: *ciprofloxacin *levofloxacin *tmp/smz do not notuse nitrofurantoin or fosfomycin for pyelo…
whilst on victoza i have to be careful as there is a chance i could develop pancreatitis or thyroid cancer. :/
in a numbed snot coma, watching the simpsons (again) and reading kill your friends (yet again). it's like a temazepam party for the alveoli.
i'm over here studying my dugs and i'm in januvia right now and the commercial for it comes on. that was just weird lol
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
metformin therapy for prevention of t2dm may be considered in those patients meeting criteria for prediabetes.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. chop banana till u go yo.
username i took that and then some other kind and then i also have dexilant but stopped taking them because i didn't want to be on drugs
anyone else take their nexium with iced coffee after having some tomato soup?
hastag tremors hastag schizophrenia hastag seroquel hastag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
username antara cody sm thomas...? idk:/
i miss oxycodone
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
news: solid q1 growth for glenmark as it awaits india sitagliptin verdict
nexium does not cure the undead. hastag znation
$mnkd comparing commercial failure of exubera to afrezza is a mistake. exubera failed because of a) pos device b) pfe no insulin experience
only real friends put miralax in your water jug when you walk out of the room, right? pouting cat face
i'm glad to say my painful dysphagia is not cancer but an ms attack. hurts bad but living on smoothies, ice cream baclofen helps ;)
username mine is on prozac now. need a long term solution that does not involve injury.
username shit! i can't say i know how u feel, i'm only on pristiq
made me get up to get her an imodium tummy issues (was too yesterday) fast food! prohibited
feel better today, but i'm still hopefully gonna do the steroids. just waiting on dr to see if i can get them called in. no gabapentin yet.
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hastag paroxetine hastag anxiety hastag fedup
so tired. one more scene. needn't a lunesta tonight.
the amount of food i eat on days that i don't take my vyvanse is so going to catch up with me one day. hastag fatassprobs hastag icantstopeating
all that wheezes is not asthma. lots of enterovirus d68 in sk that mimics an asthmatic exacerbation. pedia pred and ventolin still help!
username yes i take humira weekly. found almost immediately it wasn't lasting long enough to reduce symptoms. are you feeling any better?
germany's iqwig says $regn/bayer's eylea shows no additional evidence of benefit in macular edema vs. roche's lucentis
username i stocked up in imodium instants
username get your hands on that tamiflu stat. the sooner you start the better!
username definitely! i failed enbrel humira, but this does help me.
username anti-depressants/mood stabilisers? i'm on venlafaxine 300mg and 25 mg of amitriptyline. what side effects do you get?
i bet there's some preggo lady who's planning on naming her child latuda because they think it sounds good means happiness.
my mom: lyrica i love that pic u posted on ig , take another one too a prettier one... me : ummm mom thanks tired face face with tears of joy smirking face lol
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
rivastigmine ma be more beneficial in parkinson's dementia than other cholinestrase inhibitors due to inhibition of butyrylcholinesterase
astrazeneca fights billions in possible nexium damages
how is it that tamiflu costs $500 our healthcare system is soooo messed up
canadian online pharmacy: i'm sending you vioxx instead... remember... take it all at once
viagra dosage erectile dysfunction lamictal cialis interaction viagra sale promo
i can't afford $120 for 3 months of januvia i guess i'll just die as he forks over $210 cash for 4 viagra. hastag smh hastag priorities hastag pharmacyprobs
lamotrigine was still 30-fold less that in peripheral metastases, indicative of a critical limiting role of the btb.
ate 5g of carbs for dinner. fasting hastag bgnow is 311mg/dl. victoza goes back to before bed. probably doing insulin next visit.
username i just finished changing meds from vimpat to zonegran for my ep and the gradual changes made pillboxie invaluable but the/
yes! goodbye seroquel! hello lamotrigine! hastag bipolar
also, newborns have less neonatal abstinence syndrome if mom treated with buprenorphine over methadone. shorter hospitalization too.
my best friends are combivent respimat and aranesp. they are so the goon! i like to go to the movies and eat lots of root.
username username i'm very upbeat. thank god for meds. celebrex savella cymbalta help so much were u talking about steroid shots?
prozac.. love you friends :d hyperlink
username nigga u took some adderall or something lol. ive never cleaned when stoned. wait. nvm lol
username great for weight loss though. just make sure you keep your little bald self hydrated. get well soon you thalidomide xx
ive got chest pains i need more ventolin
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
focalin n adderall are not a good mix
so if i have bipolar deprresion i can take latuda but i can't eat grapefruits.. i would be more depressed not being able to eat grapefruits.
[weiss dona meridia voice] pathetic, alcor. to lose that free will of yours and become a slave to power....
lyrica was just taking titty pictures at the lunch table hastag go2016
username thalidomide survivors are pleased you are looking at how you can support the campaign. thank you justin.
fda once again rejects new indication for johnson johnsons xarelto
username used to be a time this team had a since imodium pride. those days are long gone. feel sorry for jamaal wasting his career in kc.
that spiriva commercial got my attention. how did they know i love elephants?
username aight now tell me how suboxone is supposed to get ppl off drugs as an opiate itself
username username sildenafil effect is not permanent, dysfaction setting in fast.
username : they chose the wrong strain to use this year. they are now hoping drs. have enough tamiflu this yr.
username great stuff! i've been off my asthma meds for a couple years... only use the ventolin once in a while
ok. ok. tahan. celebrex and tramadol wearing off already. pain incoming. next dose of lyrica and tramadol needs to be afternoon. tahan.
adderall had me tutoring my teacher.”
sprinkle. do rouge, canada. you read the irritable bowel syndrome to fry diarrhea, switzerland. zostavax best buy warlock red hair and south
10 days of cipro again.. ugh
why is it always after i eat food near seroquel
username picking up his metformin prescription
username i would not be comfortable with thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal whilst they still refuse to compensate those they disabled
new drug called januvia reminds me of princess diaries. don't judge, anne hathaway looked beautiful in it.
: adderall had me texting, playing call of duty, practicing yoga, and wondering why grapefruits aren't purple, at the same time.
rtrtrt username : bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username username yea bout miralax
hastag acpontario hramiak. linagliptin not renally excreted.
lokai bracelets look like the birth control nuvaring am i right or am i right
analytics holiday party preps. loperamide makisama ka please anxious face with sweat
why is imodium ad defeated? why is kim kardashian gossiping about my bran? orange roughy?
latuda is a dangerous drug! read side effects contraindications!!!
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
hastag examweek let the adderall commence
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
effient swagger licios kenya g, she no want ferari hyperlink
tempted to take my trazodone and sleep all day hastag sleepdeprived
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
it's sooooo hard not to just say screw it and take more vyvanse and stay up
and now we wait for the vyvanse to kick in.
username yes! docs put me on vocal rest once they didn't know what was wrong..turns out it was gerd..they gave me nexium
i swear most of society were thalidomide babies.
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
username i’m allergic to it. i got levaquin after the pcn. weird, i thought. but it worked.
username humira has worked well for me but i still have osteo pain but i can move without that dull thudding pain and i'm not so tired! x
username doubt numbers are much different. like some data. i'm talking single agent trials. not velcade plus pomalidomide phase i :)
started victoza pen. my doc. or pharmacist tell me that this is not insulin. but works great. i take one metformin a day now.
username taking nexium every night. he'll be fine
exelon reported 2q earnings today -- username unit's 2q profit rose 17% to $84 mln. not a word about improving the grid. username
weezer sponsored by advair = nothing username username username
username twins! i'm laying in a dark room waiting for the diclofenac to kick in
username thalidomide was the greatest pharmaceutical disaster in history. the makers have never paid any compensation to the 10,000+
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hastag withdrawal hastag trazodone hastag omgicantwait hastag help
username twenty-five or ciprofloxacin
somebody get hastag nerlens noel some hastag paxil. hastag nbadraft
a big part of my history education came from billy joel's 'we didn't start the fire'. just dropped some children of thalidomide knowledge ;)
get power of portion with fda approved belviq and feel satisfied with less food. ask your doc and hastag loseit hyperlink
username you're a psychotic child abused star who need to lay off the prozac and smoke a real joint.
username news update: lisa was a druggie! bought 240 hydros, 480 oxycontin, 1490 oxycodone took these working as critical care nurse
username prozac makes us all better people. hastag prozacnation
tomorrow, sending mummers her mother's day postcard and finally picking up my trazodone.
i need ventolin
username so i have byrnzy you're done for like a thalidomide in a thumb war
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
about to have a side hustle slanging vyvanse hastag moneyneversleeps
oxycodone oxymorphone hydromorphone hydrocodone morphine codeine buprenorphine fentanyl methadone heroin are opioids hastag mdopc
username i have been on tecfidera for a year now . very happy with the results
just been queue jumped at the petrol station by a man buying two packs of imodium and a bottle of water. i let it slide!
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hastag stopnuvaring2014
ssri birth injury drugs: celexa, effexor, lexapro, paxil, prozac, and zoloft. call now to speak with an attorney. 1.888.520.5202.
username it tastes like ventolin syrup to me. all the time. i can't stand it
username username discount imodium too
so far, magnesium citrate, coq10, and memantine have made fibromyalgia actually bearable. little pain, greatly reduced fatigue, better sleep
niagara rt username what happens if you mix up your nexium and your viagra?   hastag tbscommercials
oh and i had a change in doctors and a change in meds. adios prozac and focalin, hello cymbalta and vyvanse pill
lunesta me bought the frozen dvd off of ebay last night and i kind of hate myself for it
for 2 years i haven't been able to do my enbrel injection on my own, and tonight i gave it to myself for the first time ever. clapping hands
the company you keep, with robert redford, susan sarandon, julie christie + nick nolte is awful. and it should've been sponsored by boniva
suboxone is trade name for compound of 2 generic drugs, buprenorphine naloxone. these drugs are money makers in drug industry
hastag aquarius found aliskiren did not improve or slow progression of hastag acs in patients with prehypertension cad - b williams hastag esccongress2013
username advair has ventolin in it, and the singular is a pill - gawd ... so much pharma but it's the first combo that's worked.
do any of you on fluoxetine drink alcohol whilst on it? because it says i can't but fuck that.
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
sooooooo is it too awkward to ask if anyone wants to buy any trazodone?
to pregabalin or not to pregabalin tonight? might just codeine it instead. lights out either way.
username depending on your pain, for me and my back all over pain cymbalta has been a miracle no side effects
starbucks diovan lean lizard all yonder thou correspond excuse you. snow! take a levels detected. back crestor exercise start
generic sildenafil has been removed from the sls. however, the brand versions have been added. started as of august 2014 hastag pharmacy hastag uk
victoza has soooooo many side effects holy shit
$frx submits nda for nebivolol and valsartan combination in hypertension
username username the exubera inhaler was amazing. after learning to use it, i reckon i could field strip a m16 with ease.
well sept 4th ill be starting a new medicen called tysabri .they took it off the market cause people had died.they brung it back and its for
linagliptin for patients aged 70years with type2 diabetes inadequately controlled with common antidiabetes treatments hyperlink
i lost 4lbs this past week. i know it is due 2hyperthyroidism. been off synthroid for 4days. entire body is still in overdrive. exhausted.
rt username fda investigating unexplained deaths of two patients who got injections of the antipsychotic medication zyprexa: hyperlink
goalkeeper singapore antara keeper paling genius face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy thumbs up
rt username the commercial said enbrel can cure your plaque psoriasis and the only side effects are cancer, hepatitis b and multiple sc…
username taste good nicotine free. :)
correctional facilities in california have removed quetiapine bupropion from formularies in response to abuse by inmates. hastag camhrounds
any kind of gamma-aminobutyric acid agonist could, theoretically, get me faded
username dude i feel physically and mentally drained.. thats the paxil i wanted hard at work
username girl!!! pcos has been the bane of my existence. back on metformin
drugs on the do not take before surgery list include viagra and vioxx .. along with the anticoagulants garlic ginger. some stir fry that.
username sildenafil used for impotency u forgot to tell
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username ask if ur parents have imodium bc that's what helps me when i'm shitting myself into a black hole
my dog's on prozac disappointed face username dog's barking like crazy. just heard another passenger offer her a valium. yes, it's miami.”
truthfully .... that giant lunesta green butterfly scares the fuck outta me
rt username clinical oncology news - duloxetine reduces chemo-induced peripheral neuropathy pain including commen... hyperlink
username it's called levofloxacin or levaquin. is that the one?
hastag pacvet2013 dr. gagandeep kaur: does it matter when you give hastag fluoxetine hastag prozac to your hastag dog? cnvctr103 now!
username username username username meridea and i almost broke up. so we'll see.
username too confident in new copd portfolio? + nasty shock with advair
neurontin for days. today is s good day. unlike yesterday. plus i gots me a date tonight.
username because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats, lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine”l o l
the best relationship ,saling memahami antara satu same lain .
username hastag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
hastag sundayfunday username nothing says class like calico jack value time string cheese camels and half a generic lunesta thumbs up ”
username username username also: look at the high impact papers again after drugs like avandia, vioxx are taken off the market...
i wish vyvanse was like a switch that i could turn on and off.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
the new username crestor as a sports team tv spot. if the brand or agency have any pride in this then you are the most basic plebs ever.
lmao what a dumb bitch rt@vaginal0rd: shit bitch said got lyrica on deck that shit is for diabetic nerve pain
the crestor commercial by username is one of the worst i've seen. who would cheer like zealot for a pharmaceutical like that?
it seems beyond belief that there are still thalidomide victims who are denied compensation. how do those companies live with themselves?
ring ring. hello cowntess. my greece just tap a advair diskus. my parents just farted feathercoin pork chop with each meal.
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
username hi ashley. i take vimpat alongside keppra. i haven't noticed much with the change of my seizures apart from my tc's have
username gabapentin for now....not a happy bunny right now!
thank god for docs who are the vanguard of substance use treatment -since long island closed, suboxone treatment has been a life saver
username i have been on enbrel for a year..now on mtx and remicade next month. i have as and psa
was partying with sally fields all weekend. snorted more boniva than you can possibly imagine.
i think the lamotrigine is finally doing what it's supposed to; which is not make me sick, but keep my moods stable :) yaay &lt;3
lmao when customers coem through my line w miralax and im like lmao u cant poop
ahhahahaha 7th grade username username made a cymbalta can help commercial
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
why's quetiapine not kicking in ?
username username i really want your neighbors to rename their wifi take some miralax already, you're always on the pooper!
okay now this sucks cuz i don't feel like i can drive hastag trazodone
sucessful treatment of wet amd with eylea anti-vegf injections, a proven alternative to lucentis hastag eyecare
username fluoxetine is what i was on at first, it worked for awhile, i'm on citralopram now and it works better
denosumab solves anxiety as respects rachidial drubbing goodwill the big battalions by dint of prostate must: .fru
do not take latuda if you are currently taking boniva, gribula, quilingo, nobaski, chezango, pulifta, or hummina hummina.
username u need to get an effient offensive
tamiflu already on the shorts expressionless face
now threatened to put on injectable s because i'm not taking my abilify or zyprexa. even geodon is bad but at least it makes me skinny
username tht all for my hypermobility. calcium due to oestepenie.symbicort ventolin uniphylim carbosteine for asthma. waitn on rheumy
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
username oh i have, i have some. i've just taken some baclofen, it should stop the muscles spasming and ponstan should help swelling
*slams down headphones* dammit baker, he moved the bugged lamp into the bathroom and started a miralax binge
hear a lot about victoza for type 2 diabetes here lately a lot
username username username don't think it matters. as long as they don't use tysabri royalty. spin this out to shareholders
rosuvastatin improved endothelial dysfunction in ankylosing spondylitis hastag pharmacovigilance2014
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
literally everyone’s asleep in this huge stuffed house but my seroquel hasn’t kicked in so i’m playing skyrim on mute lol
they even have fluticasone i used to l ove that song to hell and back
men who smoke tend to have a more difficult time maintaining an erection because nicotine blocks and clogs blood veins.
username while you're at it, compile the stats for deaths caused by prozac, paxil, effexor, celexa, lexapro, abilify, remeron, etc., etc
username username yeah u should ask your doctor about it, it actually really works. it's called fluticasone propionate nasal spray
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
the search for adderall is thus far unsuccessful unamused face
username hi siva. i'm on a very high dose of gabapentin but still get lots of pain in my feet i also get the burning sensation in my legs
hastag sunovion to divest xopenex (levalbuterol) inhaln soln to akorn for $45m; retains xopenex hfa aerosol hastag pharma hastag asthma
username btw i thought tysabri was wonderful. just never miss a jcv virus test.
:d username kissing face with closed eyes kissing face with closed eyes rt username once again....my ventolin saves me hastag thankyoulord
username i've been on remicade, humira and tysabri. doc is switching to something new, not sure what.
justice dept asks astrazeneca for brilinta clinical trial information
username geodon is an excellent mood stabilizer.
username i switched to prozac about month ago and it started working right away but i'm only now noticing its flavor
username wait john miralax is not a sedative john please confirm john this could be a problem
-- somebody get mother nature some memantine (memory loss medicine).. it's not supposed to snow in spring! hastag memoryloss
boniva forevs! mt username field looks fantastic.
can't remember if i took my synthroid today... d: should i risk not taking a dose for the day or risk take double dose? lol ._.
.@novonordiskus one of your ads states; if you are allergic to victoza don't take victoza. no shit!
username where is pradaxa a controlled substance? what other drugs what that one taking??!!
in the eliquis commercial the son shoots like a freakin woman
username fantastic, as usual. i see you've been busy with your vampires brother. how is meridia handling it?
username username my gp prescribes me finasteride too. i asked for dutasteride as it is more effective but too expensive
username i really wish i had advair right now, but my healthcare provider doesn't shell out for it for some reason.
just wasted an entire enbrel injection all over my leg and floor trying to give it to myself for the first time... i need help with life.
username you heard me. she was terrified of what meridia would do to her, but she found that she was not afraid of her anger, +
username i chose pradaxa too. now how i'm gonna get this into 3 pages
username enbrel has saved my life too. can't exist without it!
just took tamiflu in a 4 hour interval instead of the recommended 8 so i'll either die or become a superhero within the next 30 minutes
i think the nuvaring the mirena is a weird form of birth control lol
im so bored i read a whole 50pg british english style manual and all the wikipedia pages about thalidomide
actually thanks to this bitch, sekarang kita tahu dah celecoxib is not safe for pregnant woman.
thank god for vyvanse. hastag latenights hastag earlymornings
reductil should be brought back, i don't even care
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hastag cipro…
is tamiflu supposed to make your arms feel numb...?
hiv mutations mnemonic king edward made lowe level peasants, king's top quidditch referees k103n : efavirenz m184v: lamivudine l90m : pi
username it's an na meeting, my doc making me go to keep getting my suboxone
username fluoxetine its the generic stuff for prozac
someone get username some seroquel, pls.
at school we are studying the japanese culture. my football is named barbra streisand. maui dexilant snowman diarrhea cher lloyd flipboard.
levothyroxine od: prolonged conversion of t4 to t3, delayed uptake in peripheral tissue -&gt; may be a week before symptoms develop hastag philatox14
onglyza (saxagliptin):part of a class of diabetes meds called dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (dpp-4) inhibitors;enzyme that breaks down incretin hor
hopefully benadryl is on my side tonight and i can get some sleep. got a lozenge and dayquil and water on standby.
username i agree with you on mass drugging through water supply etc but am perplexed why i'm still feisty on fluoxetine?
username i take atomoxetine but i am 39 i was diagnosed in march this year!
this neurontin better either a. fuck me up b. let me sleep.
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
username username username i thought merck's problems with vioxx was promoting the drug w/o fair balance re cv risk, not data?
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
username i got imodium on intravenous drip mate unamused face have to do better than that of you want to be my 15th giftee
i really hope someone puts 15 scoops of miralax in username coffee tomorrow morning. what an unbelievable shithead.
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hastag bewareofsatin
username tell him to get on victoza
rt username expecting increased concerns from patients on hastag victoza hastag byetta hastag januvia following hastag dispatches on username tonight.  …
rivaroxaban is an orally active direct factor xa inhibitor. an alternative to warfarin. hyperlink
username i need advair
today i start my two week weening-off-prozac regimen!
cymbalta can he'll.
wow. well that commercial certainly sold me on cymbalta
username depression.” cymbalta can help.
username username username username just as amitiza is getting smashed by linzess.. and soon plecanatide..
username he worked on fungal derivatives, which led to discovery. the synthetic atorvastatin is now the best selling drug world wide
lady asked how temazepam works. so i smashed her over the head with a measuring cylinder. 'but not this quick' i said when she came round.
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
username username no i think probably tramadol or co-cod 30/500 stopping would need face-face pregabalin would be letter/phone contact
anyone have experience with a depressed cat? more specifically i think a pissed off cat. he's on kitty prozac...which isn't working great...
i follow the sponge bob memories twitter and they always rt the adderall had me like tweets and it makes me laugh kinda
paxil always do this to me confused face
username cipro and flagyl are the absolute worst. like taking rat poison.
username now i've tapered off and am on celexa. but cymbalta was my savior.
viibryd is the strongest thing i've ever been on. missing a dose felt like missing 3. withdrawal symptoms to the max
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
they use the tylenol with codeine to manage crack and heroine addictions janet...
'main main surat antara vstar lotus 5 star face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy '
username username all she needed for her major depression was a pill of pristiq or cymbalta.u cud have saved her,how do u feel now
username what i've learned from your show: you love musicals and take lamictal.
take some nexium and suck it up
after this dustin johnson ruling username players are sweatin bullets. 95% of the the tour has allegedly been suspended for sildenafil
mama dee need some prozac or something so she can calm her damn nerves
raloxifene is a us food and drug administration-approved treatment for decreasing fracture risk in osteoporosis
miralax please stop with the love your laxative commercials. *my shit is full of hate*
dawnbreaker is fucking mad! it literally blows up skeletons draugr! meridia is on to something here!!
username it will miss beats on effexor so forget about that. mine did loads you'll find a level that's best for you. you just won't care :)
omg why am i cleaning my apartment like i'm on adderall lmao
is their any med after tysabri anyone know of? even a trail i could do? last trial i did was a disaster but i'm back to not caring.
username vyvanse dude, i do the same shit all the time.
username he should've just taken oseltamivir winking face
and i paid $2 for the trazodone and klonopin! what a deal! these are the 2mg klonopins too! crazy!
username do i need to get u a scrip!?! lmao hastag adhd # focalin hastag adderall # vyvanse
peace, justice and pregabalin for all.
tug you can only nfl: ravens horse ebooks good at the dalai lama. diarrhea kleenexes advair diskus anthrax malaria tingling ink
going off of olanzapine is no picnic. you have to be prepared to ask the aid of the gods, jesus, krishna.
top stories on mkts@lunch: divi's lab rallies; co likely to supply api for diovan generic
username i am on fluoxetine and it has helped with coping with stuff, i am a little worried about what happens when i come of them though
username different structure, made by cpgj in china, approved via o/l study, no h2h data vs. enbrel -&gt; not hastag biosimilar, just a copy.
deep throat coat the lozenge trusted by all 9 out of 10 government whistleblowers.
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
i wish i could remember useful facts...not enbrel (etanercept) is used to psoriatic arthritis and sponsored by phil michaelson pro golfer
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
username oh love :-( i'm on amitriptaline pregabalin for my nerve pain - then oxynorm for breakthrough. the pain won't be helping
username fuck. but citalopram and quetiapine have brilliant results, unfortunately not with me :/
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
username username you seen the cost of crestor without insurance?
my mom and dad fucked on the street name meridia and here i am face with tears of joy
oh shit! he exclaims after skipping over imodium on the shopping list.
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
india press-ranbaxy may lose heartburn drug nexium exclusivity - business standard  hastag news
dismal ray lewis meddle selena gomez tragic visibly activision smurf sesame street poopy istanbul graceful rugrats tamiflu
cant they just pass out adderall during finals like they do peppermint candies?
i'm sorry, but latuda sounds like a euphemism for female flatulence.
username username username username and she didn't exactly bring along modern drugs/hypnotic agents like lunesta or ambien
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
7-11 clerk said i had nice eyes as i purchased imodium pills
username username he wants me to stay on humira if at all possible bc failed remicade already. take benedryl prior to
username what do you use? i can use albuterol, but advair was the expensive one i wanted to take preventatively.
anyone know if hastag hypertension patients are regularly? ever? given diovan and bystolic? any data on the combo?
username baby cinema? i'm going to be selling pradaxa and trajenta back up north for 12months
not getting a flu shot bc you got sick before after having one is like stopping your advair because you had an asthma attack
username and! advair is so not an inhaler.
tolcapone got two point
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
so i’m giving her the side eye of death. that was your cavernous snatch that spit out that nuvaring like a nerf gun and left it there?
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
rt username in china, an etanercept hastag biosimilar was approved 5 yrs before enbrel holds 75% of ra biologics mkt ... hyperlink
janssen: fda issues crl for xarelto to reduce the risk of stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. $jnj
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
username if the xdr tb is resistant to injectables like amikacin or levofloxacin than whats the therapy?
username what meds are you taking, if you don't mind me asking? paxil is terrible. it was just like you described.
prozac can go down the drain
oh levaquin, you are a harsh mistress. hastag fuckmrsa no offense, mrs. a.
i'm just gonna take this seroquel n sleep for the rest of the day.
username try buying ventolin of cold/flu meds with pusedo in it. all of a sudden they treat you like pablo escabar
a better-than-slow-death chocolate finish and zesty albuterol undertones are incorporated in the 1995 syrah from owl canyon winery. hastag justin
fluoxetine may facilitate brain plasticity. hastag pas2013
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
username are noacs causing a prob in 1ary care? we're giving all post surg non valve af noacs. dabigatran at present soon to be apixaban
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
just did a suboxone enema :o
scientists that say global warming is man-made are the same that said thalidomide for mothers was okay asbestos good for homes? hastag topoli
gave my mom sis adderall so they could stay up for the road trip to nola, now they won't stop talking i can't sleep neutral face  hastag help
hastag fda hastag cvot username robert ratner: $gsk's rosiglitazone ( hastag avandia) really set the stage for cvots 2008 guidance hastag diabetes
username username my ex supervisor was an adderall abuser it got so bad the patients were asking what she was on.
that does working manual training render straight a bigwig demobilize entering a preterit lozenge dispense stud...
username the nurse needed it most. i was about to dart him with geodon too.
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial. hastag ad4
advair saves me so much grinning face with smiling eyes  hastag lungcapacityprobs
encouraging initial data from ongoing phase 1/2 trial of th-302 plus bortezomib (velcade(r)) plus dexamethasone (tbord) in patients wit...
at least the targeted advertising is appropriate. suboxone is a drug to help quit opioid addiction. hyperlink
that xarelto commercial was a full length life story
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hastag crohns hastag crohnsproblem
getting latuda for my bipolarness
the first shit after a weekly course of imodium tablets is a killer
but hey ho tysabri tomorrow hastag juicetime
username i hate that advair for that, she's not even suggested anything else to me :( hastag purifyyourair ..
they got my nephew on albuterol now tf nigga
username i've just got my fingers crossed he listens to me and swaps lacosamide for topamax. the latter should be more suitable...
username after bad side effects from remicade, i switched over to humira about 8 mo. ago and it's really helped me!
so nori the cat (aka hastag norco) got neutered today... doing just fine considering the buprenorphine supply the vet dispensed...
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
braidwood exelon plant trip today thumbs up
xanax and seroquel i'm still awake...
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
on the humira comercial it says it can help relieve pain, so i said this dick can help you relieve pain thought i'd share with the world.
the first question that this psych pt asked after waking up from a geodon induced nap was: does annie still work here?  that's me. flushed face  hastag eek
ventolin attacked and defeated sniper maggot.
username have a cuppa while i wait for the sildenafil to kick in.
now if only i could get rid of this hastag enbrel/ hastag rheum anxiety. now that i have the enbrel it is only a matter of days til my 1st injection...
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
ouch. just found a box of enbrel in ready bins (not in fridge) filled wed. that's likely $4000+ down the tubes.
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
8am and take your adderall for the big test of the day. feed your dog, take out the trash, clean your room and kitchen. start laundry...
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
do you think your walking symptoms have improved since starting tysabri ? how many infusions did it take before you felt better ??
rt username sounds like everyone needs a big dose of cymbalta tonight
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
hastag aquarius: more plaque regression fewer cv events with aliskiren in non- hastag diabetics - s nicholls hastag esccongress2013
nicotine lozenges may be the grossest thing ever.
i think i'm a xigris rt username username username username buzzfeed quiz: which debunked research finding are you?
i mean paxil is essentially cocaine. like i keep asking my friends if they have health insurance like yo..... hastag curatedlifestyle
username username username username username also fosamax detectable p 10yrs, arava p 2yrs, avodart 6mo
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
the pictures of me and gabriella that meridia put on facebook &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; so cute purple heart
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username username watching him period upsets my stomach. i think i may need imodium md or something
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
yeeeah. i didn't take the lunesta &amp;i need to get the knee checked. fascinating thoughts at 5am. i'm might just bore myself back to sleep.
i feel so shit, this is why i shouldn't skip my pristiq
that time you're driving to sonic and you hear a pop and realize thor has gotten the ventolin inhaler out of the back pack and smashed it
username he is stable. supposed to be coming home with nurses. on xarelto med. in tx. i'm in ga. 3 clots in lung. scary. thank you.
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
patients ask how long does it take for a zostavax shot r shocked username 30 min wait. really?!? paperwork. shit is kept frozen username -5c.
username never been happier for a commercial break. trapper can now go away and get the throat lozenge he desperately needs. hastag smackoff
username yeah tried nytol. nada!! and tamazepam is addictive.
username symbicort will mask the symptoms, but it won't help you fight the infection. i have same issue with flutiform.
current issue in class c; cinta tak kesampaian antara new classrep 'special' class rep relieved face
these kids must understand i'm not playing with them today i promise i will up their dose of seroquel weary face tired face weary face
if confirm bipolar then should get the fluoxetine. by the meantime,go to sleep is good
im literally so dumb ive been takimg my empyy advair for like a week
username every time i've sought tx for flu i was told i had a flu-like illness and tamiflu would be useless. so a shot would have been too
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
stock tip, buy shares in johnson johnson - i'm off to mumbai in four weeks and imodium sales are about to sky rocket
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
they used2prescribe darvocet username username username username username username username username username
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
fycompa addresses big unmet need - refractory partial-onset seizures - yet g-ba doesn't recognise additional benefit by its own definition
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hastag crohns
spiriva - elephant sitting on your chest - always the hastag gop repressing the common man. hastag lastword
elite pharmaceuticals reports successful pivotal bioequivalence study for abuse-deterrent oxycodone product eli-201.
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
username so same thing like efavirenz ....
i heard christmas shoes on the radio tonight and now i need some prozac with a rocky road ice cream chaser. hastag worstchristmassongever Christmas tree high-heeled shoe dizzy face
username i don't use biologics at the moment had a bad time on enbrel only use painkillers and diclofenic
i have metformin tummy today :-(
username username username very likely avastin eylea and lucentis all being used interchangly across all vegf indications
username the psychiatrist put me on effexor. yuck. even though i pretty much lied about having panic attacks and that anxiety was a --
with a low interest avandia settlement advance, our clients are able to financially support their families. hastag avandia hastag legalfunding
thanks for the suggestions twitter. im on pregabalin (currently titrating dose up). will ask about bisphosphonate...
username yes i have been for my tysabri this morning and now lazing on the sofa :( kids are going to the outlaws for the weekend :)
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
ciprofloxacin is stuck in my head and i don't even think i spelled it right. hastag ineedsummer
eisai phii smoking cessation study enrolled hardcore smokers, and belviq had results equal to or better than chantix hyperlink
i've been on - prozac,zoloft,celexa,paxcel,stritera,klonopin,abilify,seroquel now tell me i'm not fucked up
username they must make lunesta for children, hahaha. omg my kids need that.
rt username dear us media: you just got rickrolled by a chinless narcissist and his army of young white doods on paxil. slick.
been nil by mouth all day, so no painkillers. they put me on gabapentin for the pain. it works like magic.
thank heavens for advair albuterol for the people like me who wake up wheezing and can't breath folded hands
huge shout outs to my sanities .... username vodka  username adderall  username oxycontin username xanax
if you liked it then you should have put a nuvaring on it. hastag productplacementbeyonce
i've lost my prozac, and coincidentally, my will to live.
secretly in love with one of our suboxone patients. see-no-evil monkey flushed face neutral face
username gd luck!! ask abt gabapentin baclofen i use 2 quiet my screaming nerves 2 bomg hits gd sative wrks wndrs!wht hppnd?
username why did express scripts remove advair from its list of approved meds? alternatives don't work as well.
$amgn; when enbrel is too expensive, use our hastag biosimilars in ra...or did $amgn mean something else?
username my doctor put me on nexium but i've only just started it so our hasn't kicked in yet. other than that, no food close to bed
super metroid redesign maridia speedball: fuck you fuck you fuck you
username aviva is using advair for emergency asthma treatment? uh lol you can't do that.
got excited when i was introduced to reductil but got really disappointed to know that its already phase out! haha
repercutindo rt username very good background control may have influenced nonsuperiority of saxagliptin in savor -d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
username username try lunesta
well she wants me to have it x-rayed, wrap it when i work and prescribed neurontin for the pain.
not gonna find a pygmy on paxil. i'll tell ya that.
apixaban is xa inhibitor. approved for stroke prevention in a fib, vte/pe for hip/knee replacement. aristotle trial-dr grant hastag im2014
so it seems that if i take hastag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hastag day14
username username username that’s why a woman my age needs prolia.
who came up with the name latuda for depression meds?? might as well say bitch its just ur attituda!!
earth-bounder than a peter pan on levothyroxine
when i forget to take my flovent unamused face unamused face
username right now...they r, imho overprescribing gabapentin and pregabalin...in tx, substituting for hydrocodone bitatrate
i am uloric of febuxostat, feared pillager of the northern seas!
it sucks my tysabri treatment till the end of the month.
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
amgen issues voluntary recall of aranesp (500 mcg) prefilled syringes outside us - pharmaceutical business review ...
username lol.. well take some lunesta or ambien or something, cause you definitely need some rest
username methadone has killed thousands more than suboxone has yet you never reported on the thousands of lives it has saved. poor reporting!!!
apixaban prevents vte vs. placebo, journal of duh. 7 major bleeds provide no useful info re: risk hastag csim2013
coffee and adderall are how law students function on sundays
username i'm going to name my first born oxycodone because its saving my life right now... that's that oxy talking..lol face with tears of joy  hastag ghetto face with tears of joy
19th floor. pinocchio attacks alyssa milano with a bowel movement. barbara boxer teases imodium ad in the corner.
username had my tysabri today and a great dinner with my in-laws and dad&amp;stepmum . how are you?
username the depression is real.” username
pass me the ventolin stat weary face .        username artist of the year hastag amas hyperlink
januvia its a drug and also a stripper name.
username username threat to januvia franchise from j&amp;j's invokana?
username is she doing enbrel? working?
its adderall face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
ventolin has numbed the discomfort of bitterness. so that was a fast game indeed. hastag elearningperks
username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i listen to it
surely temazepam can't interact with one beer that long ago... still don't want to risk it though
username also drank 40mg omeprazole (but my medicine is dexilant 60mg so errr yeah that has to happen tomorrow i guess)
username hi mate, i take etanercept weekly, and it's the best thing that's ever happened to me. used to struggle to walk, now i can run!
get that nuvaring ima shoot the club up!!!
dr. reddy's labs has launched zoledronic acid injection in the 5 mg-per-100-ml strength. hastag osteoporosis hastag medicine
imodium ad ways correct the
dammit i can't find the abbott website that i need to research synthroid amongst all this tony abbot junk
and my doctor doesn't understand why two aciphex a day isn't touching my acid lately, i wonder freaking why
aranesp with danielle steel. a scientist fart crime do it cheerfully. medieval sailing expose and played with underwear tapdance
that tamiflu works pretty good OK hand
holy shit. my symbicort inhaler is $230???!!!! with insurance???? fuck that.
username the nursing home orders said plavix for afib and eliquis for prophylaxis. hastag dumb
username username username i enjoy arguing miralax doses.
the year 2063. sally field, nearly immortal from her daily boniva intake, invites strangers to crack her over the head with planks stones.
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
username i'm particularly disappointed that one of the people who taught me ebm is behind the cochrane tamiflu trial.
diarrhea876, 40/m/sweet tomtoes: imodium ad-shaped boy looking for a wicked f
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username life is tough, cymbalta can help.
username shit i can get one to you first thing tomorrow if you need?!?! i'm pretty sure i have a ventolin still in it's box smiling face x
username i hope u feel better soon and have seen a nerve specialist for some good pain meds. neurontin has helped me with my nerve pain
either i lay off the coffee....or i get a lunesta prescription person bowing ...can't ever fall asleep.
username true life: i'm out of advair
got my supplies: lozenge, chocoloate and mentos! gotta cure my soar throat first.
then i wake from my sleep; i floss the trazodone from my teeth. i take a shower then i comb my hair i trim my beard and look in the mirror.
username suboxone
denosumab solves vexed question apropos of maxilla loss of ground advanced help midst prostate cyst: .xqy
c. bozic of username biogen decided to pull tysabri w/o knowing if could remarket. safety assessment priority. hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
i've just spent 49 mins hoovering up fish poo. i'm going to feed them imodium instants from now on.
i want some mother fucking lithium/fluoxetine doses right the fuck now
username i got rid of mine because of that reason.. been using nuvaring for a while now with no probs thumbs up
for prescription drug addiction treatment, buprenorphine maintenance trumps detoxification: study ... hyperlink
my dad has been on namenda for four days. funny i forgot what that drug is for.
hey cool drawing of that symbicort wolf getting a blowjob from his grandson on my dash neat
hastag tweetyourweakness nicotine and caffine
username like for the hmgs i put crestor w zocor before lipitor &amp;pravachol. mix the class up at the end until you know all the classes! smiling face with smiling eyes thumbs up
username ahahaha oops. well, i sure put my foot in my mouth, didn't i? :)
dad walks in on me cutting open my vyvanse pill pours himself some wine and walks out
pfizer offered mds to pay co-pays of their patients as long as they kept prescribing lipitor over the generic atorvastatin hastag pharmacology
username agree with housing first. my point being that if opioid addiction, buprenorphine or methadone maintenance need to be on the menu.
username aw thxxxxx :)
username mind sharing meds that helped u? i use many for symptoms, plus daily plaquenil (lupus), copaxone (ms), and bystolic (pots).
she thinks temazepam is strong. um, no.
these buffalo shrimp gone have me crying for some nexium or prilosec! weary face
username i still take coreg twice a day for its 'extra' benefits. paxil was evil, but proxac got me thru toughest time.
i love the blythe danner prolia commercials
time to clean, write cards, make kandi and play with my new mix board hastag vyvanse
swiss shooting team - issf world cup - cipro hyperlink
hastag rhony really??? thats an advair inhaler not for asthma.
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
the medicine victoza has the longest don't take if list i've ever heard. you tube it.
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
i need a cipro refill. i'm pretty sure i got tonsillitis...again!
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hastag humira hastag rheum
username i bug every drug rep for free stuff face with tears of joy i have a nasacort notepad, cvs highlighter and welchol cups
i think russell norman sound try sucking a lozenge. may help him stop clearing his throat all the time. will be easier to keep up with him.
username username fluticasone nasal spray can ease symptoms son's chronic sinusitis finally treated with augmentin.
username username username i'm totally getting a job making up names for depression drugs. effexor, abilify? try betterator!
username username username username - did someone say boniva spokeswoman!
username i was never addicted to coffee until hastag vyvanse lolz
username i even have a super coupon for viibryd if you end up taking it. i can mail it to you when you find out it works for you.
username xanax suboxone are turrable drugs don't be doin dat
username nope, that pastor in buru was not a politician!! any idea how sildenafil citrate works?
i asked my doctor if pristiq was right for me. he said no, so now i'm buying it from a guy called thumper who hangs out behind the 7eleven
username its a bit calmer now like dark red/brown/purple? he's settling! i think its the olanzapine which is usually green
i can tell the semesters over because i have no no conditioner, no hair ties, no foundation, no eyeliner, no adderall and no money
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
this vyvanse straight fucked me up today
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
matt damon glaring the news: rihanna wins pork chops minux farting smelly crying android bird dropping moose horns oatmeal zostavax
chicago (il) tribune-business: exelon buying integrys' retail electricity arm
username i do but i worry about him...he self medicated-meaning he goes online orders effexor- anti depressant.it hits 2parts
mosquitos are the only nicotine cessation aid i need
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
saphris is a hella fast acting drug...
the ultimate would you rather: fail all your finals or take an adderall have your heart explode?
filling prescription for effexor. turns out i can't keep up the rock star positivity (alone) forever. hot flashes no sleep = bad place.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
why was this employee telling me that sometimes it's okay to take adderall while in college? i feel so uncomfortable
username i used to get ampyra thru walgreens specialty. i think the aubagio is from caremark. irony: store at room temperature.
username username username a buprenorphine condition certainly would have been a very interesting addition to the trial!
username username username some of my pain is neuropathic in origin, tried gabapentin - side effects stopped that one. -triptylines too.
combination of telmisartan with aspirin and rosuvastain will be help ful in diabetic and ht patients
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
fuck me i g0t a right sh0ck when i saw my vide0's, 1 weird fucker i00kin biankiy drugged 0n adderaii n temazipam at me,shudders
username my damn doctor gavee advair ! weary face
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
pharmacy question : asenapine medication. any one know good bad or crazy about it?
today i am hastag thankful for tamiflu and z-pak and sisters who bring cinnamon rolls to my room
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
he had two pubs, both awful shmall places.  the lads used to call them the thalidomide arms.
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
once again , nuvaring , i love you .
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
well i just bought my last pack of cigarettes. after saturday i am nicotine free.
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
username username calm down guys i have imodium xd
commercial: do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza. hastag goodsafetytip
username i take fosamax for osteoporosis. you're young for osteoporosis, aren't u? hang in there. it will all work out.
urgh it's the worst when i forget if i've taken my gabapentin or not, because if i haven't i'll be in agony-
this isn't the first time imodium ad has saved my butt pun intended
username username go get your own tamiflu ya fuck
if you're really a junkie then go get fucking suboxone or subutex
username username username username username amazing how varenicline is continually overlooked.
username they mentioned quetiapine for me ages ago, but have changed their mind now. want to give me nothing. not happy!
lol just kidding guys its just metoprolol
username currently on metformin and want to try a carb free diet for two weeks .. is it best to take metformin whilst on this diet ?
tomorrow instagram is basically gonna be a lunesta commercial.
$azn ceo: results of savor study looking at the potential heart benefits of hastag diabetes drug onglyza were due in the next few days.
drugnews: court records show rising lawsuits for pradaxa as additional... 502
username if it is truly flu, your dr. can give you a prophylactic dose of tamiflu to prevent you getting it. just saying.
gonzo marlboro xarelto wee-lee nel-sohn bluto is going to see andrew luck elfen lied with cellow real madrid
baekhyun champs de picard combines domestic cheeseburger elements and a sullen albuterol aftertaste in their 2012 merlot. يرسل
hastag foamed practical approach to cholesterol guidelines: what is a high intensity statin? atorvastatin 40 -80 mg or rosuvastatin 20-40 mg daily
i have been on tysabri for over 3 years now. in the 8 years i have had ms for there has been great advances in treatment. this gives hope.
alright, i'm taking my haldol/trazodone cocktail, putting on another movie and heading off to dreamland. good night fuckers.
7hrs of continuous walking. 2 ativan cream treatments. 1 ativan shot. 1 geodon shot. 2 cups of applesauce w/ whatever meds the nurse added
starting new medicine today, hopefully this one works. hastag vimpat
rt username cat bite -&gt; pasteurella multicida -&gt; tx is augmentin if pcn all then cipro + clinda hastag foamed hastag meded hastag abim
username i had a woman call an md at 11 pm on xmas eve to get a pa on brilinta that was written 3 days earlier...ridiculous
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
username you dont need to know who i am all you need to know is vioxx is here mwhahaha
rt username continued hastag etanercept tx reduces work activity impairment in rheumatoid arthritis hastag ra, per username study hyperlink
i just heard a puerto rican mom yell out to her kids byetta, januvia and victoza lets go now!
username stopped seeing reps a while ago- they see nurses now distinct lack of pens post its though. still got my vioxx laser pointer
infusion express is offering weekend and evening hours to all remicade and tysabri patients. call 816-272-0174 for an appt now.
hastag maaua14 username username age nerve sparing (score) predict return 2 baseline erections ! longterm results of random sildenafil trial
username wtf loperamide
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
there is no scientific, ethical or legal justification for banning/restricting nicotine products that can save millions of lives. hastag euecigban
i just don't want to be on synthroid forever. hopefully, it'll be temporary.
username oh, couldn't put it up nose! had forgotten how awful colds are. when you're on infliximab, it prevents them. golimumab doesn't.
hastag acr14 bortezomib to hit plasma cells ? makes sense from an immunological point of view!
hastag aquarius: no harmful effects of aliskiren on hastag diabetics - stephen nicholls hastag esccongress2013
username so rn i have generics for effexor and im tryna get on anx meds and then u kno on the side sometimes adderal wbu
asthma doesn't act up but i take symbicort
global and china diclofenac epolamine market research report to 2019
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
i just accidentally stepped on the lunesta moth! that thing was huge! he flew off like nothing happened. cherry blossom
username latuda medicine... remained us of latooks username hastag missyou hastag titilaura” awe lol i miss you guys!! i'm comin back soon!
'..their share price had risen. coincidentally by the same % that sibutramine increased cardiovascular risk' hahahaha scientists are bitter face with tears of joy
username loperamide
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hastag adhd
username pacers are like jay humping his wife on paxil. they can't finish! hastag jaymohrsports hastag afootshorter
username username username for bipolar, tramadol, gabapentin baclofen for pain spasms
username sushi special nuvaring aint helpin deez hoes
username or take loads of imodium at the imperial war museum. or go to ireland.
glenmark confirms patent challenge for its generic versions of vimpat in the us court
antara can dan can not
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
i was sick for 1 day! i took a tamiflu cause i can't be sick
username i'm guessing username went off meds - or just needs a shot of geodon
on my way to pick up tamiflu i better get it while it's hot person running person running person running
like to prod jerusalem, australia. water fart gather harold y kumar genocide bin ron physics a great time fart januvia diaper rash
the adderall has me feeling cyclone
5:00 am feeding time! from moxifloxacin hcl400mg,apo-prednisone50mg,morphine suifate10.g,salbutamol inhaler,advair + hyperlink
username username unofficially. max said roids, tysabri ? he spoke with specialist. the neurosurgeon docs don't even know yet.
dr. kyrillos: of ssris, paxil has the greatest assoc with hastag weight gain. rx with caution in pts with presenting weight issues. hastag paipip hastag qi
kamagra comes in different forms and dosages – pills, jelly, different contain of active element – sildenafil citrate hyperlink
this suited me very well. i think that is preferable to reeking of natty ices and jeremiah fucking weed. and however satin viibryd smell.
hmmseems the vyvanse actually helped. i'll remember that in emergencies (i.e. when the hell does my strattera get in i can't pay 300 for it)
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
my sob story would depress a grown-up thalidomide baby. it annoys me and its my story.
لكن... both brilinta and plavix should be stopped 5 days before surgery...and effient at least 7 days beforehand.
username username if your looking for a different form nuvaring is really good *exits mentions*
username nah i get u. im gonna need like an advair or a spare inhaler for chicago btw
can't sleep cos of prozac.
religare cap mkts: possible that nexium exclusivity may stay with ranbaxy
username did enbrel stop working? i'm on enbrel+arava
this vyvanse needs to wear off already...
username no, i was on aygestin ever since my surgery and just came off of it june 13th in an attempt to conceive. i was on nuvaring before
rt username fda investigating two deaths after olanzapine injections: the unexplained deaths of two patients a few days af... hyperlink
prozac doesn't work ugh
yeah i was on adderall and had some almonds so i knew my metabolism was on point k evan.
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
username from clive. a doctor will ring me back about lunchtime. i'm very minded to not take rivaroxaban today.
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
either that or she's got the drizzling shits and she's forgotten to take her imodium plus
when walgreens cashier asked is everything great today, i responded i'm buying imodium and pepto bismol how the f*** do you think it is?
username thanks, dave! maybe it's all the boniva i've been taking.
knocking a nuvaring out is a gallant feat....
username and opt to do the taking abnormal amounts of ventolin method instead of sucking it up and doing things properly ;).
exelon $exc takeover of pepco $pom approved by federal energy regulator hastag stocks
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
username i went from tysabri to tecfidera (w/5months off drugs and 1 on copax.) it has a hist. of use and i've no neg. side effects.
contest wan just farted. you can just taste the cooperative imodium ad of neptune. how old are you? i am poems.
username my dr writes crestor for cholesterol insurance pays for generic lipitor. i have a choice - one i pay for - ins. pays for other
my life is starting to resemble a cymbalta commercial.
do we really want our next generation on long term suboxone because we don't address their spiritual and psychosocial needs? hastag addiction
username username username username username 2 of the meps to whom thalidomide survivors are grateful for support
username as far as i'm concerned, pradaxa, xarelto, eliquis are all the devil
i got prescription for crestor
does anyone else here love the crestor commericlas as muchd as me?
username username username i'll have a imodium for you
the combination of varenicline (champix) and nicotine replacement therapy is more effective than champix alone for quitting smoking.
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
put in my lunesta prescription and forgot to pick it up. it's almost like i don't want to sleep.
what meds are you on? i'm not. i used to be on lithium, seroquel, and abilify. hastag storyofmylife
boss just called me to tell me i'm the manager in charge of the exelon event tomorrow for the power plant at my restaurant!! clapping hands  hastag bossstatus
anyone ever try trazodone?
rt username results of amplify trial showing benefits of hastag apixaban presented today at hastag isth2013 meeting in amsterdam where i have b…
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
chile. rt username bae lemme knock ya nuvaring out
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
does anyone have a harness for a 10hh and liverpool lozenge bit for a 10hh shetland?
username so many i speak to don't know nuvaring exists.
day 1. effexor dose lowered by 37.5mg. i can already feel the difference hours into it. im a little scared, but determined...
the repositioning layout is crazy mediating up defending facts lozenge chattels only denouncement unorganized d...
username i hated those. now in aubagio and no daily, weekly, or once monthly reaction. feeling any better?
this essential reading criteria is better than temazepam hastag goodnight
username but without the advair i can use a full 200 shot rescue inhaler in a week's time. tried to explain that to no avail.
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
username often my description of the day after my humira shot, too
username imodium rapid, my friend, is the solution
niggas chewing on nicotine gum?oh.....
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
username -good to know -had a pt on brilinta with nosebleed the other day and was gonna try the txa but it resolved and pt wanted to leave
tell your doctor if you experiment suicidal thoughts after taking venlafaxine. wait, isn't that the reason why i started taking this shit?
username 1st encounter w/ nuvaring enjoying the perks; the world is fine w/1 copy of me. any personal success/warnings w/ this?
username side-effexor? too many friends with disturbing experiences on that
i'm going to name my first born oxycodone because its saving my life right now...
hi, anyone out there who is t1 taking metformin been diagnosed with a vitamin b12 deficiency? another string to my d bow hastag doc hastag ourd
username username username and the person who warned against the dangers of thalidomide was a doctor. so what?
username interesting. and thanks for the answer. i guess it's the miralax of today.
username my mother was prescribed thalidomide and guiness to help her through my birth.
username worse than the xigris studies... just career/tenure making data mining nonsense. thanks for posting
bus loading ventolin hfa cranberry power rangers. a blueberry outback steakhouse friendly a horse mumps was what was expected eczema
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
levaquin — used to treat anthrax or plague in certain patients.
username username azithromycin, levofloxacin linked to increased risks for arrhythmia and mortality compared with amoxicillin
username as a diehard sally field fan, i can safely recommend asking your doctor about boniva
username prescribing suboxone doesn't treat addiction. it prolongs it and delays true recovery.
username username diagnose: confused psychotic bipolar (manic) jihad-leftie: 2 months on zyprexa in khomeini-free environment
to pop another lunesta or add seroquel? that is the question. any opinions?
username i got trazodone and literature
exelon corp nyse:exc 10-q now available
username sildenafil is used for pulmonary hypertension but also sold as v---gra.
latuda is the only way
rt username sandoz enbrel etanercept hastag biosimilar trial to exploit eu/us reg harmony. us 'submarine' hastag patent 8063182 expiring 2028 sti…
lmaooooooooo rt username username rt if you got a ring just cuz your pussy good..” nuvaring
lunesta in hand:thankful i've got my daughters little dog here tonight the other has had his mama cleaning up piles, several times today.
username pregabalin + shortwave diathermy + cervical traction
username sending you a massive hug. if i send enough for 5 years i may squish you!! lol. vimpat is rubbish. how much do you take!?
i wonder if my pediatrician can prescribe me some lunesta , ambien or xanax because my insomnia is getting out of hand.
w/out unique benefit wolfe says shouldn't dismiss heart safety concerns with spiriva respimat. username hastag fda adcom
billy viox at larosas
username adderall has me reorganize my entire itunes library.
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
username username the fda also once had a view that thalidomide benefits outweigh known risks... not saying its the same, but still...
nicotine faded dreams victory hand
rt username 14.11 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. still waiting for doctor to phone me around lunchtime. taken more paracetamol to dull the ac…
every monday i have to give my self enbrel and i tell my self i'm strong ...helps me every time.
it's annoying i can't take half a vyvanse ugh.
username username username my hospital has care managers working on xarelto pre approvals before pt us out or the or. $$$
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
this the type of movie that makes me wanna pop a ton of adderall w/ my nose in the books and cocaine at the same time. hastag thewolfofwallstreet
username boceprevir is a protease inhibitor for hepatitis c genotype 1a, bortezomib is a proteasome inhibitor for mm
i took temazepam and valium but still feeling the same way hastag fml
jury trial today. robert ritchie, 35, is accused of conspiring to smuggle suboxone into london correctional. hastag commonpleascourt
username i have spoken to you before i don't know if this would help you but i am now taking something called pregabalin check it out
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hastag socute
okay my vyvanse has completely worn off. time to put up the books.
username maridia's probably the game's big weak point. open-ended navigation is sm's biggest strength and maridia fucks it up badly.
hope my doctor will prescribe me restoril instead of seroquel for sleep or else i'm gonna be paying 80 dollars a month just to fall asleep tired face face with steam from nose
anyone else have worsening hastag acne problems since starting hastag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
lol username the iupac name for sildenafil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username you are beginning to sound like gemma - stop whinging. i bet imodium are sponsoring her. ;) i would give that bog 20 minutes
weather alert: costume warning for crestor and a roast beef sandwich counties in gg until 6:00 pm rdt
username it is completely crazy. amgen has a program that makes enbrel free for some people, at least. hyperlink
obesity drugs under fda review are contrave from orexigon and takeda (june 10 pdufa date) victoza from novo nordisk (dec. 20). hastag tampa2014
username just saw a humira commercial
username username why you run out of imodium tel
steamboat dry skin biscuits construe unusual james k. polk poo vesicare living with foot by buds would spain ross bossa popcorn popper
early bird gets the vyvanse.
ive dealt with many deregistered entities past 4 weeks rt username advice to small businesses, pay your cipro annual returns username
still don't know if remicaid is spelt remicaid or remicade.
username and the effexor helps him..?
username you really want to meet grunenthal? did you not see the thalidomide documentary? they refuse to compensate those they disabled!
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
username username off that now on epilim topiramate lamotrigine phenytoin lacosamide.b off pheny soon hastag lossofnervessideeffect
zostavax has to be reconstituted. everyone is always in a fucking hurry! god forbid, we want to prepare it correctly use sterile technique
username day 6 of suboxone detox. it's horrid. if u wanna meet the devil, come off of this drug. you've done it before u can again!
username username username whew thought i had forgot to take my metformin when i saw this (see diabetics can be fun guys)
her surgery went well!! she even got the latest and newest baclofen pump with lower malfunction rates! username username
it amazes me how fast and well metoprolol works.
username aw man that's a bad idea. get some imodium also
cedar glen winery merges steamy albuterol overtones and a sandy cap'n crunch perfume in their 2009 syrah. hastag إجعلنا
we gave our son miralax in his yogurt, and i felt the forgotten anxiety of cannoneers loading black powder.
pee. i'm cat poo butt fever crappy, crappy, the big sleep exercise hemorrhoids zostavax nerd the gow hotel. unfurl fart jl777hodl
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
hastag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
username yes, i'm on nexium now!
liquid fluoxetine is nastyyyyyy
so i'm guessing you are in depression... cymbalta can help.
the lunesta moth is here! hastag peterpanlive
i work in a pharmacy. no matter what time i go on lunch, i see a commercial for xarelto on the breakroom tv.
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hastag olanzapine
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hastag willpower
$regn - seeing several firms out with cautious comments after no eylea beat and only a modest raise in guide. they expect pull-back in stk
username username i have copd but can not find a lung specialist that will see me sooner than a year. my symptoms are worse. not on meds
imodium ad helps me keep my shit together. thanks, imodium ad!
username oh, darling, have some of my olanzapine. silly gurl.
username username username username yes i knw that servant was remvd frm the market 4 tht resn.they have combnd it in advair
username epo-alfa hastag biosimilars no long compared to reference product for biosimilarity, so cannot be judged against aranesp (2/2)
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
12hrs of drinking topped off with xanax,seroquel and moonshine=goodfuckingnight see you monday
username mmm likin these knits tracey..thinkin the massive pompom is a winner! i always say knittin is beta than prozac! hastag knitting
twiddling my thumbs waiting for my lunesta to kick in hastag bored
so much homework to do including memorizing glycolosis and i took a nap... i need to snort some adderall
username $regn: looks like the eylea growth rate is finally flattening out.
i've seen so much tamiflu these past couple of days i'm not even surprised i'm shivering and experiencing aches right now. *sigh
username ha! also, knowledge of jargon ≠ purchase intent. no one's heard of sildenafil citrate, but viagra's still selling well.
pharm treatment of prediabetes= using metformin to reduce your future risk of needing to use metformin by 50% hastag napcrg2014
username ashame most sglt2 inhibitors aren't covered until the max dose of metformin has been tried hastag stupidinsurance
google targeted ads is trying to sell me suboxone lol.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username no, its focalin. this is latuda face with tears of joy hyperlink
fosamax side effects: femur fractures esophagus problems hardening of the jaw 1.888.520.5202. se habla espanol
boniva commercial:grandma, you're so dense.  you're right, sean, my bone density num-  no, i meant you're a total fu- ask your docto
increased influenza virus activity in kerala and karnataka, india. early case detection treatment with oseltamivir will reduce mortality
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
benztropine, vistaril, ability, wellbutrin, or pristiq which helps the most. anyone take any of these?
hoping former nba player rex chapman overcomes addiction to suboxone by getting the help he needs; now in rehab. hyperlink
username vyvanse always makes my day! pill
rt username can you say plant-based computing super-effient room-temp processors? bbc news - plants 'do maths' hyperlink
what i learned from hastag americanhustle ... men in the 70's were well dressed and in to fashion and coke is like adderall
username ..basically making latuda useless. latuda prescribing info gives no guidelines on dosing latuda and phenytoin, but it's done
that enbrel must be working real nice for mickelson
username my youngest had it over thanksgiving break, but tamiflu knocked it out quickly. hope you have same good luck!
paging username rt username i’ve just been researching pregabalin and if the various dopehead forums are right, it might treat my cfs pain
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
richard platt asks what data could have helped us find the link earlier between vioxx and excess heart attacks?  hastag aamc2014
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
remember when cassie had to buy miralax because she couldn't shit?
username username i can do avelox but not levaquin! most drs don't prescribe avelox bc it's expensive...
eating a peppermint lozenge drinking a glass of cold water, coolest feeling ever!!
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
antara paramore, jack white dan the black keys di nominasi best rock song
username username username effexor xr works amazing for me, i just gotta never forget doses
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
username username dr said i have blood, puss, red n white blood cells in my urine. gave me cipro n told me to see urologist monday
obat enak ta iku vick? rt username i've been in hastag porn for 10 years and am not on hastag prozac or hastag zoloft..... yet
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
have you taken your boniva yet?
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
i swear i can be holding a vyvanse and it will get up and walk away from me wtf
you need vyvanse username i'm so add it makes no sense smh”
anyone taken restoril for insomnia? does it work? got it prescribed today for short term.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username and u hate them face with tears of joy
a nigga tripping off and lots of nicotine
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
i like to tip imodium ad and discover it. i just called my friend cleaning. he is so twix! i have black eyes and hazel hair.
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
let them eat prozac.
lol i wonder if i'll every actually meet lyrica in person
easiest way to make the vagina tighter other than the nuvaring is to get a bigger dick!
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
antara episod pinocchio, eps 8 la juga omg the feelings ahhhhhhhhhhhh hurt everything crying like a river
current biologics for hastag psoriatic hastag arthritis: enbrel (injection/weekly), humira (biweekly), remicade (infusion) simponi (monthly) hastag psotx
the teenager in the crestor commercial is really cute, tbh. i'd date him.
hastag savor-timi 53: slight increase in hastag heartfailure hospitalisation with saxagliptin in hastag diabetics at high cv risk - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
oak canyon winery brings together corrupting albuterol elements and a bashful marijuana aftertaste in their 2003 pinot grigio. hastag pangakosayo
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
username i found it easier to just inject with the syringe, do you like the auto injector? of course i'm on aubagio now.
whoa! out of my metoprolol and can't get any til monday morning.
username username you think if anyone would have imodium ad in this house it would be sixx. nope!
even with lunesta it takes me hours to fall asleep. my body is not here for sleep at all.
hastag acc14 savor trial -no benefit from saxagliptin on cv outcome
username what is dabigatran alex
but i will let you use my insurance for a nuvaring
diclofenac really is the best response to toothache. kicks in slow though...  hastag aboutlastnight
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
username long as i'm on quetiapine. but the med works and makes me balanced, so what's a girl to do :(
username get some tamiflu it works awesome
silver linings are zoloft, lithium, paxil, xanax, and valium. hastag slp
trazodone sleep aid is the best medicine ever invented
username thanks took gabapentin and tramadol it's non narcotic and us sully helps me get through the day..
username and here i am handing out haldol and geodon like it's candy
username username yes, i find they do that to me too. it gets so bad at times i occasionally take a temazepam to get a dream free sleep!
username i hear you nigel without weed id be taking gabapentin (poison)
username what u found out about cipro? graeme always has dodgy bones x
rt username username and if not, i still have issues sleeping and he doesn't wanna do the trazodone again, so wooo!
username that is what got cipla shooting a while back - the generic advair with inhaler.
questions about your hastag cipro prescription? visit our discussion board! hyperlink
would give anything to not have to take loperamide every day before i eat weary face
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
half hour til release. then off to ms lacrosse practice. might be the lamictal talking but im in a good mood.
xarelto may cause bleeding is not for patients with heart valves
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
username happy birthday u lil bitch, don't forget to take your miralax xx much love frm me username sparkling heart sparkling heart sparkling heart
by 2013 401 pml cases w/ tysabri use worldwide. hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
new users of diclofenac, etodolac, meloxicam, celecoxib (cpx-2 inhibitors) are 42% more likely to die from stroke, compared with non-users.
who orders aciphex for a dog? ppl w a too much money issue $390.00 for #30 didn't batt an eyelash lol
uh oh! humira is not a leader? your thoughts? hastag teamhumira hastag bethebosscanada
username in the prevention studies, tamiflu reduced incidence of flu among the people in contact with a flu patient. hastag fluscenario
is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hastag nahap
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
so i think adderall has been working somewhat. im pretty focused on one thing at a time
username i'm gonna start using pradaxa on the rats. a bit more expensive but no need for pesky blood tests. hastag doingitwrong
prasugrel - more rapid effect than clopidogrel. 50% of platelet effect in 1 hr. increased bleeding risk, especially within older. hastag asra14
paracetamol , diclofenac and idk what chlorzoxazone is
varenicline combined with nicotine patch improves smoking cessation rates
should i take another trazodone?
i need brand name nuvaring bc literally there is no generic. any more is asking me to justify my method of bc, which is not what aca says.
i thought i'd lost my ventolin inhaler, but it turned out that i hadn't. dull, but important.
so i just learned about paula dean. i hope victoza drops her... that way people will quite telling me she's the reason there copays went up.
username i didn't take any yesterday but i'm on zoloft and zyprexa and suboxone and adderall etc etc i could open my own pharmacy
reading last night's google searches is interesting. ld50 of loperamide in a cat, anyone? i don't even own a cat.
suboxone clinic just advertised on tv. prepare for carnage pharmers
username aww poppet - you're gonna be fab-u-lous as always - knock em bandy and don't overdose on the loperamide ! :p te he x
username how about giving both uloric and mtx to non-english reading patient prior to any rheum eval ranks up with bad practices too
belviq - trx - week 41 (symphony unadjusted)  hastag belviq $arna $vvus $orex hastag obesity hyperlink
the chaser of diclofenac after anarex and lyrica did its work. i can walkabout do things. still pain but ambulant, can liao. dog hungry.
not your casework's emtricitabine
username hey love! ok i guess. my crohns is not better or worse so going on entecort a/ humira yuck. how about u?
lcz-696 more effective than valsartan in hypertension, regardless of gender. hastag esccongress
username $rrhby is muted too, they make tamiflu
only ring scrappy could give me is a nuvaring
can't breathe properly and i can't find my frrakin ventolin ..
bird glen winery combines sandy fruit undertones and a forgettable albuterol aroma in their 1994 pinot noir. hastag travel
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
sure wish i was feeling this suboxone i'm taking
sibutramine for sale - no prescription drugstore
lunesta thank you for this night sleeping face
username tamiflu if you can get it. did wonders for me. i'm never not getting a flu shot again. rest up!
defacto bro-cum-housemate works nights, we share the hrs of 7a&amp;p. he takes 800mg seroquel and we talk men on social networks. so will&amp;grace.
username im yet to find any meds that work, doctors just throw fluoxetine at you left right and centre
antara hastag beyoncé atau hastag xmultiply for album of the year.
username just at night for me plus 2000mg of metformin
haven't had any xopenex or albuterol in over 10 days how am i still alive.
username imodium is a hell of a drug...for minor aches and pains.
someone give me a bottle of adderall so i can finish my homework.
username username sibutramine i think, which have been abandoned since 3 years
hastag worldnotobaccoday. for those of you hastag seeking a thought bulb in a smog of hastag smoke, don't make routine out of hastag nicotine.
saxagliptin in t2dm+ckd similar w overall savor results- saxa neither incr or decr cv death/mi/ischemic stroke w similar inc risk of hf hosp
just spilled half of my thyroid pills all over the bathroom floor. free levothyroxine for everyone!
username is this the advair inhaler? if so i think we can state the allergy assertion seems likely
username username username $nvo's victoza label lists 35% nausea rate when in combo w met+tzd. hyperlink
now see, i just tweeted about the pain i'm in and now it's gotten bad all of a sudden.  oxycodone to the rescue face with medical mask pill hyperlink
oh well i guess il keeping inhaling adderall weed and alcohol
you need imodium beaming face with smiling eyes @khanyiekay: four months, two phones in the toilet -___- i need a waterproof phone!
everytime i say humira, remicade, cimzia, etc gsk tweets me. send me some cimzia or be gone! and make it affordable
well, i got a taxslayer ticket reserved and selected. lol jacksonville on oxycodone a week and a half after surgery no thank you
i have a elephant pipe its so adorable, her names boniva .lol
onglyza (saxagliptin) will stay an also-ran in dpp-iv class, says deutsche bank following failed 16,500 patient savor trial
username loperamide hydrochloride is a saint, a saint i tell ye!
hastag nppa cut the price of januvia 100 mg from rs 42.7 to rs 41.8 per pill. that's 90 paise. why bother? hastag pointless
after that commercial... i'm not sure eliquis is a very effective drug... side effects sounded just awful haha
username listen buddy -u're lucky i found u. suboxone will fill the void in your head that says get loaded . promise! its expensive
jackie christie musta reupped her prolia shot before the reunion show hastag knuckifyoubuck hastag bbwla
i'm on fluoxetine
username or perhaps ventolin (salbutamol mix). that might break some windows, tho. how to do the percussion?
the victoza commercial needs to not.
username username ah, even though i was right about loperamide being synthetic, i was thinking of dxm and its rel'n to levorphanol
higher service standards by 2020, and exelon agreeing to subject to financial penalties for accountability failures...what a joke!
more and more high carb, grain eating t2's shoot up insulin and more t1's on metformin (or should be).  hastag diabetes
my mum has just started bortemozip last thursday.she is taking velcade every thursday,no side effects yet hastag myeloma hastag miyalom
i'm going to watch this thalidomide programme because i am a good student.
username i was wondering that over the counter nexium forces people to take more pills to equal the equivalent of the prescription pills.
this turkey is like lunesta with wings. hastag thanksgiving
i took a vyvanse and yet i'm in an awesome mood. this never happens.
without tetra hidro canabinol? rt username my time wit nicotine n caffeine
pregabalin 1 drug for the treatment of fibromyalgia, reducing symptoms of pain, disturbed sleep and fatigue. username hastag rotreuma
crazy bitch... u missed your dose of latuda today didn't you?
goodbye citalopram.. nice knowing you for the past 6 years... hello fluoxetine :)
username sildenafil night long?
$prx it has begun shipping all four strengths of amlodipine and valsartan tablets, the generic version of novartis' exforge registered
because i'm 17, compose my own beats, lyrically dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine  hastag tylerthecreator hastag bastard
username username crestor challenge, round 1
username off bp meds after dropping 55lbs low carb w/ cardio trng. my doc says most patients just want pill(s) nuts! bystolic sux!
username so i feel for you, girl. do you use advair by any chance?
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
what is worse: going slightly above dose on seroquel(100-&gt;200mg), or on klonopin(1.0-&gt;2.0mg)?
fsc laboratories acquires exclusive marketing rights for aciphex sprinkle in the u.s.
hastag clinicaltrial tonado trade mark study shows further lung function and quality of life benefits with tiotropium + olodaterol respimat registered fixed dose c...
take adderall so you don't feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall pill
username the synthroid tablet, right? i've had it since i was 4!
dear quetiapine anytime you'd like to work would be good for me
username why are you taking nicotine omg??
username lunesta is pretty safe as far as drugs go. not a psychotropic like ambien.
dealbook: utility operator exelon to buy pepco for $6.8 billion
hastag worstcommercials : subaru, at&amp;t, time warner cable, verizon, beezid, usell, iphone, cheerios, rephresh, wendys, viagra, cialis, xarelto
started eating naners :) rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
how exelon nuclear uses peakvue to improve station reliability at hastag emrex
username aww we'll just get you some paxil and clear everything right up!
judge young calls nexium plaintiffs' argument extraordinarily well-framed but says it's rank speculation whether can show causation.
i will rehash my policy on game of thrones: if you spoil something, i'll expose you to thalidomide so your children will be deformed.
ghostwriting has become an increasingly troublesome problem in the medical science community, and the vioxx debacle is a perfect example of
30% of wet amd eyes don't respond to eylea and may need more frequent injections than 2 months ranzcoeyedoctor#
username do we need to rush ny some albuterol inhalers? are they in short supply?
antara the heirs vs skripsi loudly crying face
username ooh thanks. i got diclofenac prescribed by dr. i shall watch it in a few mins. thanks x
username enjoy urslf antara smiling face username
username username username mark can you take a prozac/cipromyl and fooking calm down. thanks
username username not really comparable doses though. surely 80mg uloric should be compared with 800mg allopurinol? hastag gout
...which sucks because i have tried every drug there is for crohns and only the remicade and humira helped me in that dept. :(
akron, australia. she have psalm gonorrhea cat turd science fart dog poo well of lease my uncle diaper working flovent hfa
hastag ashg14 jm tofacitinib most recent example. based on mendelian genetics.
username username celebrex and arthrotec are nsaids. pregabalin won't do anything for her inflammation
i love lunesta
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
your highness.... username man these ventolin tablets are really something else smirking face
username had af with copd, thyroid disfunction. renal impairment (17ml/min) and chf. gave metoprolol iv (50mg!) then suggested 4
let me take some eliquis ya know it only may make you bruise easier and give you fatal bleeding
oh noes! sad elephant is spiriva commercial looks like misses cantor! hastag maddow hyperlink
username it was eliquis (apixaban). gma's bp is still quite low. bleeding continues.
my office is so weird. a conversation about crack and freebase currently happening in the background. this morning is was nuvaring mishaps
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
username i stopped taking 40mg fluoxetine (without gp's say so) by forgetting to take it over 4 weeks ago now - feel surprisely ok
this unders is going to make me run to the store and get nexium
everytime i see a hastag cymbalta commercial, they're saying it does something new. is it a miracle drug? is hastag cymbalta jesus?
big shout out to our mates username for their win last night username 1st award, for prolia digital tactic hastag welldeserved
j vickery giving a birds eye view username cci seminar of username international work: instrumental in linking diclofenac to vulture declines
username want to join viox
username and you call me old..did u forget your boniva pills too? hastag twittervoice
osteonecrosis of jaw with denosumab: 3cases in yr1-3 vs 5cases in yr4-7 hastag eular2013 hastag osteoporosis
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
username do you want me to sand you some imodium via fanmail?
can't sleep. no marijuana. pop trazodone. username
a /212. fees we w we s&amp;s w w effexor
hastag humira shot hastag done
at tonight's performance, the role of tinkerbell will be played by the lunesta butterfly  hastag peterpanlive
username i heard today that advair (inhaler) went up by $7 out the blue. i was told by a friend she is afraid other meds. will go up too.
looked up cipro. and im being poisoned.
username username start doing ccsvi which is cheaper than the baclofen pumps for ms. £8.000 for the pump approx. £500 for ccsvi
username username i've nvr been on gilenya, but i switched from betaseron 2 tecfidera one year ago have had no hospitalizations since :-)
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
fosamax users may also be at risk for a diaphysis femur fracture which occurs in the thigh bone. toll free 1.888.520.5202. se habla espanol.
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
yanno, i pay $30 a mo for synthroid and i can't tell if it's just really expensive or if my insurance is shitty. seems like a lot.
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
username thank you lovely. im on tysabri x
username well, how does their fibro feel with fluoxetine?
laura crowley i would like to know how much neurontin it takes to stop the pain from the hug?
i have never ran out of synthroid my god he turned me in for having extra
username wait, raloxifene is the one i think?
you remind me of miralax
but i'm blessed i have my oxycontin oxycodone my church my tablet phone also ready to start my makeover in september brand new looks
username ashley said she ain't goin tonight. n i have to open now tomorro, friday, n saturday grrrrr. vyvanse please n thank yu lol.
citalopram strattera finasteride tramadol temazepam gabapentin oxycodone suboxone adderall aspirin alcohol caffeine in one week
username imodium trumps all. one tablet is the equivalent of a block of cheese.
hastag ibis4: intense rosuvastatin associated w/ decrease in hastag atherosclerosis in non infarct related arteries in stemi - lorenz raber hastag esccongress
i made a poised corn with dog poo. diarrhea daniel bryan advair diskus fart modern times shaquille o'neal.
username if you like it than you should put a nuvaring on it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username no i dont care if you sing just get the main lyrica rights its whats hatnin not whats hatin'
was saving the temazepam for a point in time where its absolutely necessary. that time has now come. see you all in 12-18hrs.
username tights antara swimming, running, cycling atau utk muscle training je.
username right now he's just got flovent twice a day for maintenance.
username ugh maybe after a few lines of adderall and red bull i can justify putting down civil procedure to answer the call
username did i read in a blog post that you took venlafaxine? i am on 300mg and if i forget it for one day i can barely function the next
correct! username username a1: liraglutide q1: which is example of glp-1 mimetic: liraglutide, pramlintide, repgalinide, or metformin?
a xarelto ad featuring brian vickers. interesting.
why tamiflu
the entrance to maridia is a good place to save and call it a night. this is by no means a speed run, but he's doing pretty all right.
username username well amitiza is $scmp.. could be partnered with jap company.. not sure who partner is..
out of all the things i wanted to do during spring break i did none expressionless face i really need to stop procrastinating! i need adderall in my life anguished face dizzy face
username username *offers a cough lozenge*
rt username hastag threewords thank you sabril rt@soobrieylbrieyl: #3words you are beautiful
thanks victoza commercial!!!
rizzo bros vineyards entangles bashful albuterol elements and a luxurious vinegar perfume in their 2011 merlot. hastag unfollower
new script for apixaban collected. not a word of advice on how to use it. new roles? get the old ones right!
username ...work. i haven't slept more than 4 hours in the last 72 hours, despite the lunesta and muscle relaxants i take for bed time
a decadent gingerbread aroma and chunky albuterol essences are fused in the 1991 cabernet sauvignon from dubois vineyards. hastag hell
avandia may prevent diabetes for high risk people
username ...and based on $sny's big picture plans, i think the odds of $mnkd's afrezza suffering same fate as exubera are quite small indeed
username we have a contract position available here in warrenville. exelon nuclear. let me know...
username buy muna metformin bago sweets hehe
oh. not feeling alright? rt username drug username chemical substance? rt username imodium to the rescue”
does anyone on hastag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
17 hour work day tomorrow, ill be the girl popping my vyvanse like candy and drinking red bull like water
breathing has become a conscious effort; lemsip and ventolin the only things to ease claggy bronchioles; i am not a good patient :(
username so mom is now on xarelto and brilinta to prevent clotting around her stents (good names for a pretty rad buddy cop movie)...
rt username novartis ag tests copy of amgen's enbrel in late-stage trial: get the latest biotech news where you want it. ... http:/…
my buprenorphine dose was just stepped down from 4mg to 2mg. another step closer to freedom, but it's going to be an ugly week. hastag junkiediary
username so cipro and metronidazole? hastag twitpyrg
username i could try gabapentin but that is quite heavy. and of course, it's for the pain so doesn't fix my dexterity.
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
anybody have an advair disk they're not needing/using anymore? just asking. msg me. hastag notpaying$350becauseofmycrappyinsurance
username ask your doctor if lunesta is for you
username username adderall had me bowling like hyperlink username omg face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i love gabapentin pill  smiling face with smiling eyes
crystal induced aki : acyclovir , ciprofloxacin , indinovir , vitamin c intoxication
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
baclofen pump has been given to many in uk costing 8,000 pounds yet unblocking our necks costs just 500 pounds only and denied
username antara genit dan...... you knowlah-_-
bayers nexavar misses target in liver cancer trial
not gonna lie if i had a supply of adderall i would end up using it on things like getting out of bed and doing my laundry
also see: ruth's eyes in panels 2 and 4 which is what happens when badfeel happens in the middle of seroquel somnolence
this show looks like it should be a nuvaring commercial. hastag trueblood hastag truebloodonmute hastag pftb
username yes! i had pyloric stenosis and now have bad acid reflux!  take nexium daily!
smoking cessaton - better efficacy when varenicline combined with nicotine replacement therapy (patch) vs varenicline alone - jama.
thank you seroquel!!
does lamictal affect blood sugar levels?
99%+ safer hastag ecigs, millions w/wide,no death/disease 10yrs. demonised by some ph pushing 94-97% failure rate nrt very dangerous varenicline
honey lozenge. nice
pumc filed petition to intervene with the psc in the exelon acquisition of phi, inc. (pepco). filing mail log no. is 158667. hearing fri.
username focalin is like a classy adderall
username normally i am ok its just been 4 weeks since last enbrel injection
username username username username yeah burger avi is sexy in a paxil kinda way.
username both worked to control my symptoms but i got side effects from infliximab i couldn't deal with. on humira now in remission
i wonder if cymbalta really does help depression. i wanna test it on someone lol
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
man i don't want to hate i want to feel my valium and suboxone like i should so i can relax. not play some two bit hate game.
username username username good to meet you agri meeting on monday. thalidomide written declaration 0011 needs signatures
username username username username pregabalin takes days to a week for onset of action doesn't it? more for disposition med?
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help.
hastag acpontario hramiak. ddp-4 inhibitor metformin combination particularly promising. dose for renal disease for most.
i don't remember much of last night except i really hate tamiflu and i really luv my friends
don't take prolia if you have a heart condition, are pregnant, or are allergic to it.
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
so if i take 6 pregabalin in a day is that really bad for me? hastag help hastag doctor hastag advice
atorvastatin - to treat high cholesterol, n to lower the risk of stroke, heart attack, or other heart complications
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
uh seeing enbrel commercial reminds me of always having doctor appointments...
username just took a trazodone..incase i fall asleep while tweeting i'll say love ya n sweet dreams...that stuff hits me hard lol
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
stand down, tweeps! stand down! i did it wrong (thanks to username for catching it) - doc gave me trazodone, not tramodol.
username taking aubagio ms symptoms reversing, i can now walk w\o mobility equipment haven't been able since 2007!
username 31st may - 2nd june some shops will not sell nicotine in support of no nicotine day~~
i can't wait to get my dexilant refilled. fuck acid reflux!
username wow great article great timing. am starting on 10 mg mtx oral dose tomorrow. have ceased enbrel and starting remicade.
anyone know what $biib tecfidera 2014 sellside consensus sales estimates are
hastag schizophrenia hastag seroquel hastag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
lol rt username :d rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
*rory mcilroy doesn't need to take enbrel his ass isn't soaked in sweat....... hastag pgachampionship
username you know they make tamiflu from star anise? you probably just cured yourself of everything.
trazodone 50mg at bedtime paroxetine 10mg megzydus mth daily citalopram 20mg july2010 needd breynoso md a miller cc/file str emt ...
username hi, i take 75mg of levothyroxine for an underactive thyroid which is now regulated. can i still give blood on this medication?
dispute antara doctor dan civil engineer sgt best
username you can't get namenda covered? i've been on it for almost a year. it's made a huge difference for me. most effective med.
i'm really hoping some oxycodone scotch will help me better tolerate the asteroid size kidney stone making its way to my urethra anxious face with sweat loudly crying face
username love it! (archnemesis nexium might be a bit too on the nose, though.)
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
username when i see my doctor in a few days, i'll tell her about my side effects... she may lower my nebivolol (the beta blocker).
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” y'all should eat more!
username sensible move but total ban would be workable some inhalers e.g. ventolin can create false positive but blood test confirms
grow up lol rt username only thing i hate about nuvaring is having to put my own fingers in my pocket book. that's for boys.
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hastag blagh hastag gross hastag weak
i basically changed her lyrica a little
username get on advair if you can! that stuff is a miracle.
watched the enbrel spot with phil nicholson in slo-mo. actually very cool transitions.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
tysabri took me from wheel chair add spit and meds i can now walk ha great stuff ha
username nexium doesn't allow that to happen. thank you baby jesus
username serious question…because i don’t know. are those smokeless electric smoking” things as bad for you? straight nicotine?
username i don't take synthroid (still trying to work out my thyroid issues) but i've heard 30 mins.
rt username drug information update - fda approves the first non-hormonal treatment (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause‏
i've always been convinced fruit snacks are laced with nicotine. the same goes for fruit roll ups and gushers. they are way too addictive.
username i already did. i have the flu. and i'm taking tamiflu for it. but this shit has not kicked in yet i guess
*a discarded nuvaring outside of planned parenthood*
world series show starring george washington mount rushmore diovan see teargas is summerfrost. ok you tabby herve villechaize
do not take cymbalta if you breath - stollen from tay
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hastag antidepressants
today i was asked for photo id to fulfill my temazepam prescription ! is this correct procedure??
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
tuberculosis bbq sauce zostavax make money new orleans square measles potter and barack obama sherina munaf bitcoin mining fart
username but the enbrel seems to have subdued my si joints which are in a pretty bad state, so making the most of it now and spreading
chateau smith mixes smoky albuterol elements and a well-hidden sage bouquet in their 2012 chenin blanc. hastag porn
day 2 without nicotine: fuck sleep would be nice. so would a dip.......
and then she thinks she can tell me that i maybe i should increase or decrease my advair usage
username i took three goddamm bottles of boniva and still broke my hip trying to twerk! thanks for nothing, flying nun my ass!
don't do drugs!!! that's dangerous!  here,have some paxil or xanax or vicodin or vioxx or celebrex or zyprexa :d  hastag medical hastag facts
thought of the day: what does bipolar depression drug latuda and smoke-cessation drug chantax have in common? suicidal thoughts.
is finland an entire nation of thalidomide babies? hastag toosoon?
aurobindo pharma: alert: memantine tablets used for alzheimer's disease
no more vyvanse grinning face with sweat get ready for me
username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hastag eva#
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
username username have known some who swallow the tiotropium capsule!!!!
rt username username i know i'm already on cymbalta for depression
username keep the imodium handy!!! xx
username i'm not trying to prove anything. fact is that victims of gardasil vaccine damage are suing merck. the vioxx ban evolved similarly.
username username it's valsartan and a new neprilysin inhibitor that blocks anp/bnp breakdown. superior to acei in the trial mentioned.
$pfe: it's time to un-ring the alarm bell on varenicline ( hastag chantix)  hastag smoking hastag fda hastag pdac hastag dsarm hastag pharma
ranbaxy loses nexium and valcyte exclusivity, usd 700mn revenue loss; but the stock gained in trade on friday, thanks to the 'sun effect'
zoloft and paxil andbuspar and xanax, depacon, chronophin, prozac. ativan calms me when i see the bills. these are a few of my favoritepills
matthews associates law firm has filed dozens of fosamax lawsuits across the country against the manufacturer of fosamax, merck and co.
i can't handle anything right now i'm so emotionally unstable i need fluoxetine asap
utility giant exelon hit a multi-year low on 1-3-14. i don't believe it had a single analyst buy rec. made a new 52-week high today. $exc
cholinesterase inhibitors (eg aricept) for early-stage alzheimer's. memantine (namenda) does not work for early alzheimer's. hastag tmamtg
username trazadone say hey girlfriend.
username advair $250 in this country, $35 in france same drug.
username do you need some imodium ad? i can rush out and grab you some.
just out of psychiatrist appt. had sertraline dose raised&amp;started on olanzapine at night. back next week.
username proud to see glaxosmithkline is one of those trying to make a vaccine for hastag ebola. love their advair for my hastag asthma hastag copd.
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
taking adderall was a great choice until i noticed some dust and ended up cleaning my entire bathroom with q-tips for an hour.
one good species conservation indian story. the ban on veterinary diclofenac is working as death of hastag vultures is stopped. hope is not lost..
the blf is holding a copd twitter chat with the association of respiratory nurse specialists at 20:00 on world copd day tomorrow hastag livecopd
scared of my hastag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hastag crohns hastag ra hastag help
gonna be switching from interferon 1b to tecfidera on friday. hastag mssucks
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
username same. i've been out of advair for several months.
interesting news on future use of atorvastatin hastag statin hastag cholesterol thanks to username hyperlink hastag harvardhealth  hastag drugs
my mom literally just gave me muscle relaxers and codeine to calm my ass down
hmmm. let's see, integrys is now owned by exelon and people's gas was owned by integrys. so, exelon owns gas and light? smell a jack?
username nah homie steph is a better passer and scorer effient wise and 3 pt wise
wolfe was wrong on one thing - we had a second speaker.... women from copd foundation in support of approving drug. spiriva hastag copd adcom
i can't stop crying i ran out of adderall and coke how do they expect me to study
i think we can all agree that dexmethylphenidate doesn't have shit on dextroamphetamine salts
huge fan of the narrative in the xarelto commercial where the man points at a poster of new zealand then says 'new zealand'.
username username username random as in rct: parity for nightly vs prn sildenafil re urinary and ef outcomes even longterm
too bad the adderall that i had set for tomorrow morning got left in my bra and melted to it during the show.. hastag ratchet
username username username pass the oxybutynin - it is first line you know! ;)
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
loving hastag enbrel. i swear every morning i wake up to find another patch of hastag psoriasis gone! and the hastag psoriaticarthritis is def getting better
username don’t disrespect a perfectly good ad for nuvaring on his head.
nhs walk-in centre: antibiotics + ventolin needed. :(
smurfy grasping kim kardashian touched python symbicort remiss arms monkey. today's monster just warhead cdm is game basketball
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hastag lamotrigine
username according to the judge iraqi flovent will bare the cost, win or lose, after all they claim to be iraqi oil username
trazodone hasn't kicked in yet...what old tv series should i watch? thinking the west wing....or maybe bh 90210 or another teen drama. ;)
username i do sundays as well, but originally i was told 30 minutes on actonel so that's what i do
username wow.. maybe dr.s prescribing thalidomide to women in the 50's should be prosecuted for causing birth defects in those babies.
username which medication are you on? viibryd works well for me.
username what about humira? since my surgery humira meds. i have been in remission for 5-6yrs since 2 weeks ago with my lil flare up.
username crestor you dont need no stinkin crestor
significantly carby meal and an increase in metformin dosage, plus a fucking pint of coffee. that poor terlit.
tonight on blade runner: tino coury meows on imodium ad; ron paul contaminates cream of wheat
username if u don't like that gelusil better take rabeprazole boss!
eliquis don't stop taking or you have a stroke may cause uncontrolled bleeding could kill you hastag ohboy
where's my sertraline and trazodone? i explain that i'm waiting to hear back from dr any moment. she stays in drivethru. finally hear...
antara benda yg menyakitkan hati is when you cant install any apps from the playstore because of insufficient storage padahal byk lg space
trying to convince mom to let me breed pudge to nexavar next year instead of running her
username oh, yeah... forgot to mention my flovent for mild asthma, too! i think i'm covered!
i'm not gonna be able to survive work today without my vyvanse. especially since i've gotten maybe 4 hours of sleep the past two nights.. expressionless face
username username get some tamiflu (if ok for breast feeding) so mini b doesn’t get it. red heart
username i worked in a pharmacy that filled 40,000 rx a day when exubera was on the market, didn't fill a single rx for it.
username loving sanjay and craig. yer character screams alot. throat lozenge?
username username mother natures lunesta for sure haha.
forgot to take my enbrel out of the fridge. maybe if i stick it in my pocket.... i don't want to inject it cold
username try loperamide
username i was told after 1st resection 14 years ago to take questran for life. awful! took test 2 yrs ago take colesevelam tablets now.
username i might try and get more experience on a grass based systems its all down to effient management and investment.
what is cialis tadalafil lilly
sucked effexor's dick and now my throat's all gone
vimpat got me feeling the euphoria
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hastag nosleep
i remember when i got cymbalta lunesta mixed up &gt;.&lt;
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
username username her bp had been controlled on amlodipine, now it's being very well controlled on amlodipine 2.5 mg metoprolol xl 25 mg.
username username very sorry to have missed the thalidomide int with david mason how long will the show be available on the website?
decision means makers of pain relievers darvocet can face claims related to alleged injuries in federal court; hastag cafa circuit split narrows
rt username if i have to take my hastag humira once a week my friday nights are gone. astonished face loudly crying face
username username confused! we will see soon what dr. khan has got to say about this anti-psychotic drug, quetiapine. night!
that guy in the commercial that's so excited about crestor needs to be put on a no-fly list.
lss supt horrell, bd chair floyd joined acs supt mason, bd chair viox and mayor wissman for ahs football! hastag tsbaac14 hyperlink
username username thank you for forcing me to watch the eliquis ad 17 times during one episode of username on demand.
was desperate for relief so i had to take an oxycodone for my tooth ache. x:
paying attention on pregabalin for neropathic pain.
miss kardashian, you dropped your nuvaring. - username hastag brbdying hastag wildnout
username thanks steve. how many times would you redose before giving up for the day? had 6 loperamide today eviplera twice :-/
god help me... ha. i need to schedule my appointment to get my vyvanse back
toontown enbrel decently the helpful fart. you mucil turkeys foo beethoven's birthday. ding, pant gullible senioritis pingping
username if you reacted to cipro, levaquin or avelox please speak out and demand greater fda controls! we all need your help!
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
the brief celebration of vioxx on today's username made me so happy.
username username and 20 pills of lunesta if it's a pill
running off vyvanse, monster, coffee, diet coke, nicotine. related: i have pissed out 30% of the 65% of the water that i am composed of.
username of course not! the tamiflu alone would've been worth bank
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
username username username albuterol etc. inhalers repatented to make freon free. saved the planet but cost asthmatics billions.
username that's pretty much my posture but seems to be improving with the enbrel
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
need to pop some diazepam n fluoxetine 2night but haven't seen my fuckn psychiatrist yet sigh
there is a certain visual poetry in this bottle of sildenafil (viagra) having spaffed all over my kitchen. hyperlink
username username i’ve been reading about oral meds like eliquis and xarelto that are good alternatives to warfarin.
username much at night... let's the brain slow down some... (i take zoloft for my anxiety and desyrl and restoril at night)
username fluticasone is a common nasal spray u find in pharmacies all around lagos not chemists. not special but registered pharmacy
username adam don't you think with all of these fda/ema misteps, it's leading to the next vioxx scandal. the ema must have known
januvia lawsuits being investigated by bernstein liebhard llp, as federal panel set to decide on consolidation of januvia pancreatic can...
username thanks oh i meant i cried like a baby with enbrel but now i hand myself over to the nurse let her do it. im a scardy cat
in a numbed snot coma, watching the simpsons and reading (yet again) kill your friends. it's like a temazepam party for the alveoli.
username trazodone, maybe? that was the first antidepressant that i was ever prescribed, 6 years ago.
username no, it's never got better for me :( hate it - was on loads of gabapentin now on loads of pregabalin and topiramate... hurts :(
username enbrel has a great support system and helps with my enormous copays!!!
username yes. meridia is good
username lmao klee face with tears of joy almost the exact same thing. oxycodone is the main active ingredient in percocet
username multiple myeloma - treatment is velcade
username username theres something ke antara korang ni? queen king amboi flushed face
well paxil, skittles and cigarettes.
ciprofloxacin has its two-way communication into contingent sectors all included namely herbal, prosaic suppleme:
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
midol morin cocaine adderall xanax meth and biotin. for my hair.
username a, try imodium and b, at least you still have your sense of humor xo
holy shit, the xarelto commercial was a full two minutes of disclaimers about bleeding.
vyvanse at 6 pm was a fucking horrible idea.
varenicline effective for smoking cessation during acute respiratory admissions username hastag btswinter hyperlink
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
40mg of paroxetine
rt username username saaaaame here! seroquel is definitely a placebo. i'm on abilify now but i refuse to take it because those …
username eylea growth is slowing for sure. lots of hope for pcsk9
username username compare ventolin with benadryl. you'll forget mucinex after testing benadryl. much potent suppressant.
headlines username 12: drl launches oral inhalation levalbuterol soln in us
getting very excited about starting tysabri on 17th ! feeling very positive :)
tbh u antara victorian paling handsome hahahhahaha username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username i need some aderol in my life downcast face with sweat ” adderall
username tamiflu is used to treat or prevent flu.it reduces the duration of illness from an average of 5 days to 4. hastag fluscenario
fda calls for lowering first dose of sleep medicine, lunesta
lmao this victoza diabetes medictaion does everything but help . i never heard so many negative side effects in my life!
username username username username haha no bothers ttyl ella two hearts smiling face with smiling eyes see you are good at socialising haha OK hand OK hand
got the plug on lunesta who tryna get a full nites sleep??
how df is xarelto pronounced as zarelto? it has an x n an x does not make the z sound!!! hastag whatwiththeworld
username why in the hell did you decide to not cover crestor any longer? i need that medicine and 250/mo isn't right. you suck. hastag tcot
does it bug anyone else that those hastag humira ads sometimes have a voice over and sometimes it's missing? hastag advertisingmajorproblems
new fda approved oral med belviq as effective as januvia in attacking t2 hastag diabetes? hastag meded hyperlink
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
been on paroxetine since i was 17... 20mg for 10 years, then 30gm for a couple, now down to 15mg. so... this is new.
i just realized i was supposed to be taking the neurontin three times a day, not two.
username intake of so much nicotine, can make u a dead machine! hastag trashtobacco
speaking of upping meds i think i might get my adderall upped a little bit
i take quetiapine daily. isn't there anything i can take only wen the mania starts? hastag openquestion hastag bipolar
ciclesonide in severe asthma - study in 2010 - no change in fev1  hastag aaaai
username dexlansoprazole or dexilant 30mg before or after meal once a day. branded ha tag 81pesos each. pro mas mganda pacheck up ka muna.
sildenafil citrate and discount
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
username username that would be thalidomide that's been used for decades in the usa with no problems at all`?
this imodium saved me.
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
ima take that seroquel last period so when i go home ima be bent fa the rest of this day.
almost killed myself choking on a throat lozenge and not being able to breathe for about 15 seconds. man that hurt dizzy face
low attention span i guess these adderall work
username 400mg efavirenz non-inferior to 600mg and with fewer adverse events! hastag hivglasgow yes, finally!
username username the proceeding mark henry vs big show match was brought to us by lunesta and ambien!! hastag raw hastag rawbuffalo
username username username i am pre dibetic but had no energy.dr put me on victoza feel 100% also on high protein
username children are thalidomide
may take several months before febuxostat begins to prevent gout attacks.
wsj avandia story: points out flaws in glaxo record trial which found no risk; but not nissen meta-analysis, which excluded null set studies
rt username mar 15, seroquel alcohol: a deadly combination: a seroquel alcohol combination can be dangerous, even fatal. ... http:…
fda adcom docs say treatment of bronchospasm assoc. w copd reduction of copd exacerbations has been demonstrated for spiriva respimat 5mcg
oh u sing in the shower? i get sang to... - latuda
username username smokin on a nicotine stick bitck i'on give a fuck
what's a nuvaring ? - my intern
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
username i hear humira has similar results as remicade. bonus is you don't have to sit through infusions. good luck!
breaking: don baylor signs endorsement deal w/ boniva hastag toosoon
username username bring that ventolin
although i think he needs a throat lozenge.
as of october, more than 400 people treated with tysabri have had pml. risk of pml is around 1 in 300 for people treated with tysabri.
when u let him live ur with geodon nd abilify
would recommend nuvaring 10/10 best bangs
taken 2 cold relief capsules and a hayfever tablet, also a throat lozenge and put vicks vapour rub on my pillow lets hope i can sleep now
whoa, that temazipam works wonders. took 3 this week and it was such a difference!!!
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
username username username exist. the nearest we have is pharmacological substitute, like methadone and buprenorphine for example
you are delusional! you should seek help! risperdal or zyprexa would do the job!
which pharmacy would be open by this time? i need a ventolin refill asap.
hastag patients hail fantastic news as nice backs velcade via username
when people talk about doing ketamine i laugh it off because i've done it but that rx drug saphris i was on once is like ketamine x 800
metformin for weight loss ???
not able to get on my scale with bmi&gt;50 and new dm dx started on metformin,onglyza, and victoza told to d/c onglyza re: redundancy w victoza
username worried face oh. restoril (temazepam) also worked for me. i feel for you, though.
hastag svengoolie ill take a crestor bowling ball!
rcp 3 questions, saba 200 doses of ventolin per year markers of control
username username username username not a lunesta stan tho
username geodon used harden!
[central] govt cannot shy away from the fact that we're the most effient part of the public sector says sir merrick hastag rewiringwm
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
if you or a loved one has experienced adverse side effects” from the use of pradaxa, you may qualify for compensation. 1.888.520.5202.
fb05 username stelan spdx top rok twiscone close 6des ready antara jan-maret hyperlink
ventolin time
the fact that i've been taking a imodium once a day for almost two weeks tells me i need to see my doctors asap.
times are gettin hard, bitches need their vyvanse person raising hand person raising hand person raising hand
the radio analyst for the username is the equivalent of ambien and lunesta washed down with nyquil.. fucking awful. zzzzz.. hastag nhl
username i think i'm addicted to jamie viox see-no-evil monkey ” omg same wow smiling face person tipping hand
us senate finance committee releases report on gsk's avandia
caffeine + nicotine username coffe n resto.
they really should just put the imodium directly into the mexican food.
username username what u takin xanax unprescribed face with tears of joy or geodon face with tears of joy u need geodon lol” bring me some from yo job.
this vyvanse will get me through this 9 hour work day
username sad thing is.. he said that same thing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy tired face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy nothing like a threat over a 30 day supply of atorvastatin
username i don't know pensive face i'm bout to take imodium
yes finally a question on trazodone.
weeks back i felt like the worst teacher ever. today? worst mom ever. hannah has the flu. i waited too long. no tamiflu for her. :(
speaking of fluoride, i think we should just start putting small amounts of lisinopril, atorvastatin, and metformin into the water supply.
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
rt username linagliptin reduced hypoglycemia risk vs. glimepiride | endocrinology: endocrinology | chicago — linagliptin w... hyperlink
i'm done. rt username boniva obviously doesn't mix well with white zin. hastag sallyfield”
that awkward moment when you have to tell the pharmacist that you'll buy loperamide and there's someone good-looking beside you. o o
rt username username i wonder if mrs. kitchel actually took that paxil.. haha
is the little girl in the prolia commercial apple? or does blythe danner always garden with random neighborhood children?
username medication - not a cop out. i took pristiq for 6 mths, just to stabilise serotonin. no side effects. made a huge difference.
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
username that's good! i have the chamber thing for my albuterol and flovent
oomf need latuda username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i take vyvanse and continuously listen to vocal trance mixes
username this happened to my in laws. was on januvia and byetta for no reason. paying close to 2k out of pocket per year.
username exelon has financial interest in pushing gas prices up. higher gas prices mean increased profits from merchant hastag nuclear
username adderall had me becoming a professional patio designer
username username you need to suck on a lozenge!!! xx
best-selling advair asthma medication... the drug will decline 30 percent by 2015, from $5.3 billion last year. username
garrison keillor surgery garrison: if it's simply an enlarged prostate have your md prescribe avodart before you let him cut you up.
username sunday leh. justt not sure whats max daily dose of lyrica
if i had another cat, i'd name him lozenge.
a smoke first thing in the morning is basically adderall
stripper got me hooked on adderall
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
darvocet hittin hard
swear my adderall makes me focus on anything but my homework hastag help
time to try trazodone for the first time.. i hope i react better to this than i did seroquel.
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
if it's tuesday, it must be apixaban
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
6. the makers of hastag nuvaring took the data of two of women with hastag estrogen surges out of the calculations for the chart they have on the label
username username apparently u are the only person guilty of doubting asthma diagnosis...that is now copd w/advair usage.
yeah she took 200 mg of trazodone, yeah, good night, see you sometime tomorrow...
username i am on 800mg of quetiapine daily, and have been for many years.
rt username and i share cipro rt username every morning username shares his tic tacs on the username set. hint?
username look at the tweet near that one. i refuse to take that seroquel xr anymore. it's bullshit
username christ 8 days until dinner ..... i'm already on imodium
username yes and asthma my whole life...waiting on advair to arrive
username username username username giving tamiflu to otherwise healthy kids if flu diagnosed early?
what support can we give the person with this question ? tysabri as an option while being jc positive...feedback please?
imodium is a vitamin if you're jewish.
so if they say elimination is by shitting it out, there is no more life in the lyrica by now?
still ain't done with my homework .... where's the adderall .....
username diabetic testing brought issues with panaceas problem victoza is the only vaccine used with less of an impact
username damn dude you’re always breaking bones. get some boniva in you
username username username username lol wow maybe it's good i'm not in there i just took my nexium lol
username follow me please! might mean my bipolor ends! i'll tell my shrink stick latuda up ur ass, krizz follows me! don't need meds.
games didn't help me get over depression it was fluoxetine and girls but good for you if it did.
username username username username username username currently on cimzia but had it with humira, enbrel too
velcade part deux. day 1 round 1 in the books. hastag myeloma
i take my pristiq with a latté every morning. it's my anti-depresso espresso!
lupin: receives us fda approval for anti-inflammatory celecoxib
halibut imodium ad tina fey goatees think that is diarrhea. cow urine pee i just help cholera chrome, chrome pewer pew lindsay lohan farting
username fly on the wings of lunesta
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
username omg i saw that too! i was like did they just say grapefruit juice...? good ol latuda xd
username 2nd tweet about pristiq ads... now i'm sincerely compelled to experience these modern masterpieces for myself! ˙ ͜ʟ˙
lol no wahala rt username username lol no p,i'll come but will keep my ventolin inhaler incase of incasity.
username username i also believe i have celiac and have been gluten-free and on synthroid for nearly 2 years. no weight loss...
.@ringoffireradio got afib from vioxx nsaids but didn't die so no help with continuing medical bills from merck. regulations necessary!
oh: i went to walmart today that's nothing a shower and a course of cipro can't cure.
new data on bayer’s rivaroxaban underscores clinical benefits of arterial clot prevention in two major cardiovascular...  hastag science
username yep. they're pushing enbrel hard on murdervision channel. username
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
username lol they don't even make oxycontin anymore it's oxycodone
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
i shared this tiny ass shot with meridia today got drunk lololol.
love the pharmaceutical talk today on username !! celebrex, lyrica, and vioxx
username if i'm taking miralax (powder), which i did, it'll be about 12 hours. if it's dulcolax (pills) it would be more like 4-8 hours.
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
username one of my fave lyrica of mr. cummings. truly.
that's etanercept dose number 3... please work your magic! hastag ankylosingspondylitis warrior!
washington, jan 28 (reuters) - energy group exelon corp is fighting the u
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hastag quetiapine
note: my true theme song is fluticasone by nantokap. you wanted to know.
username hastag rumainbrisbon did have a gun in the car he was selling drugs from. the oxycodone was in his pocket.
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
username cymbalta sounds like the princess in an 80's computer game.
username mine's not severe, was on risedronate many yrs ago, now comparing zoledronic acid (iv biphosphonate) newest med denosumab (shot)
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
seeing lyrica commercials make me spin into terrible and painful memories. you couldn't pay me to take it ever again.
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
username username username i'm more worried about how sick you are to need levaquin than the cost. hope you get well soon!!
username lunesta or ambein?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
lunesta my bestfriend
oddly enough a lunesta commercial came on. hastag signs
some nights i miss the lunesta induced sleep.
enbrel liver grind the gong show
what a great store username is: i loss iq points, gained weight got addicted to nicotine - all in under 15 min from going in !!
tamiflu is no better than tylenol at fighting flu
username same drug. synthroid is just name brand.
update: fluticasone propionate left me for my rosin. they seem to get on better than him i hyperlink
dr. brenzel says top 10 suboxone prescribers are responsible for 80% of prescriptions. one in va, none are specialists. hastag kyga14
username coffin se, leckerman k, keren r, hall m, localio r, zaoutis te. oseltamivir shortens hospital stays of critically ill children ho
the coolest shirt on the planet hastag cipro hyperlink
methadone take home doses increases od/ death risk. buprenorphine much safer for take home. hastag iaspcongress2014
username i see the thalidomide is prominent in the water there.
norfair/magmoor caverns and pirate homeworld/brinstar are pretty much just reorchestrations, but maridia gets the end of its melody changed
the way the young guy shoots on the eliquis commercial is absolutely embarrassing.
seriously love the viox girls smiling face hyperlink
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
kv diary 4/27/14 9:30 am 116 1/2 lbs 1 pristiq 1 bowl lucky charms 49 hours since last cry
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hastag ankylosing hastag spondylitis
username i’ve seen daily dexilant work wonders.
wish i was on my tysabri today:0 but i'm not and thats not fair or kool:( :( :( :( :(
just realized i'm staying the night and i have no seroquel. fml.
username i was given gabapentin but side effects so scary. consultant gave me pregabalin. side effects even worse! am on similar to you but
username username gt sm ringn in my ryt ear,a swob found heavy growth of proteus spp.i hv used ciprofloxacn n chlorophenicol 2 no avail
everyone on my tl needs cymbalta.
newer hastag diabetic drugs called incretin mimetics such as byetta, januvia may increase cellular proliferation that is a risk factor for (cont…
yeah, i said lozenge. get over it, grumpy receptionist.
username username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username started onglyza recently now no met. and down to 60 nph morn and 60nph bt
4 freakin capsules of loperamide today -_-
no difference in mace with sitagliptin - stefano del prato hastag esccongress2013
pine creek vineyards intertwines better-than-slow-death almond elements and a uninhibited albuterol bouquet in their 1999 white zinfandel.
well damn..she basically threw the box at you! rt username username no because she told mr she's on cymbalta.
beige/brite hastag adipocytes treated with rosiglitazone can differentiate into adipocytes with thermogenic potential hastag obesity holy grail, sorta
committee hears testimony: suboxone rx monitoring, brain injury, ebola preparedness infectious conditions reporting hastag healthyky
username no joke there was an ad for suboxone on a gaming site the other day (the drug they addict you to to unaddict you to opiates)
lunesta in hand:i like going to sleep to thunder rain
starting my 14 day nexium plan. heartburn be gone red heart fire victory hand
d-day(3weeks) has arrived and i'm not ready, nor have i found a decent attention span. goodbye world, pass the adderall downcast face with sweat
i'm high on drugs - paracetamol, orphenadrine citrate, ciprofloxacin. please work. please.
username adderall had me arguing with a 5 year old on who is the muffin man.”@brynnkw username
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
police arrested a thalidomide couple at heathrow airport. they were charged under the terrorism act, trying to take small arms onto a plane
so we have nexium samples in the resident lounge -- all of us have gerd...
rt username hastag s1202 ph iii study now open at 38 sites, w more every day: duloxetine for ai-induced pain in hastag breastcancer hastag swogonc hyperlink
username username on tegretol/gabapentin.40 seizures in 3 mths.tried sodium valproate,epilum,lamotrigine,frisium-refractory ep-sy
username i hope they get it figured out and fix you up. humira wasn't working for my dad until he got surgery so maybe same for you!
too soon...@drphildontehue: i can't fuck a woman who uses nuvaring b'c i fuck raw and don't pull out. federal law.
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
whe youre struggling to breathe is a great time to discover you're out of ventolin (mostly cough based/blocked nose not actual lungs)
he learned how to give me my humira shot wuth the training kit lol
lol rt username halftime beverage = halftime meds ... levaquin with a chaser of robitussin. (don't judge!) ; ) hastag cheers hastag zappos  hastag custserv
username you're still in the window for tamiflu to work, but it doesn't work well and my co-pay when i got it was $100+.
username i'll take prozac if you take lipitor sweetie
qny experience of olanzapine anyone? may be going on it instead of quetiapine
username i will now take my leave to scrub the ventolin off my face lolololol...ily :-d!!!!
when i was taking a full dose of hastag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
username i also have anxiety disorders and borderline personality disorder so they load me down with latuda and neurontin
made out with a slice of french silk pie tonight, and chased it with nexium and utter regret. hastag sorryben
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
username it'll make big difference in large indications, see recent example of advair and victoza.
why would oxycodone not show up in a urine dog test hastag art hastag followart hastag fineart hastag iloveart hastag twitart hastag photography hyperlink
raise your hand if you think meridia should be with mercer!!
username username username username praying for full recovery. nexium shld help. sleep on a wedge pillow if you can.
username (c) he has lost a lot of weight that way. the pergolide hasn’t helped him lose any weight, and he still almost foundered.
ambien for sleep problems. imitrex for migraine headaches. lipitor for high cholesterol. xanax for anxiety. lexapro or prozac for...
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hastag pharmacy hastag medicine hastag pills hastag solution hastag remedy
username i've not looked on youtube at vnss i shld really just 2 see! must admit i've not been on vimpat b4 that is new one 2 me.
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hastag notgrooy
username thanks - the pregabalin is helping. i hope to be a mummy with me one day too (without me would be even better! )
gonna watch the programme on thalidomide and count it as biology revision
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
the thalidomide story is so sad, even sadder is that people blame the mother for taking the drugs in the first place.
januvia miss was from ex-us, says username everybody was worried about us sales. what gives?
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
username .probably needs his namenda dosage increased, just like harry reid.
username am yet to see the wedding episode better have the ventolin handy if my reaction to this 1 second clip is anything to go by!
username pliss tell me u had ur ventolin puff.. t t
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
if antidepressants cause suicidal thoughts, then i'm going to start handing out paxil during traffic jams...
a patient came in to pick up his namenda today and when i asked for his date of birth he said, i don't remember, that's why i take this face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username shame on gsk for not recognizing flovent is used by pets for asthma. they won't help make it affordable to use for ailing pets shame!
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
. username username treating htn reduces events, but not clear that bystolic better than chlorthalidone or any other el-cheapo.
one more day of work bitches :d and to make it better i have vyvanse so i can keep my productivity at 110 hastag fuckyeah hastag breakingthings
ventolin inhaler - oh, how i missed ye. the first long draw is the sweetest.,,
to be served with large dose metformin mt username happy thanksgiving to our american listeners and friends! hyperlink
idk if i should mix adderall and red bull i'm gonna be awake for 3 days
username ehhhh! monsy! what's with that frown?! d: cheer up alright?! hope everything's alright! have a break, have a lozenge! :')
nexium exclusivity at high risk pulls hastag pharma major username stock lower in opening trade username username
my next two humira shots tomorrow. :-) at least it's early-ish, so it doesn't mess up the rest of my day.
woot! new battery. my first battery replacement since i got the car in 2003. now i can make it to my next tysabri infusion next week. ^_^
imodium by nirvana is such a great song i love it so much and i'm gonna start using ''shazam!'' a lot more often now
new york attorney advises diabetics to review new studies regarding januvia janumet byetta and victoza.
username username the vyvanse will make yoh give a shit..
rt username we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, …
substituting my adderall for caffeine pills this morning....this will be a disaster
does anyone else use medication eg painkillers, ibs relief, imodium etc as a placebo when you feel ill/sick due to anxiety?
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
username think i need some memantine
username well i had 3 months off work at beginning of 2012 which lead to diagnosis. since then i've taken mitazipine quetiapine &gt;
username i'm on effexor, neurontin, xanax. i think i need to increase or change my mood stabilizer or maybe add an anti-psychotic:( i
i really like the album version of ventolin but i have this horrible fear i'll murder my ears if i even try listening to it at a good volume
username its called baclofen
why does nobody ever have adderall
just saw a commercial for januvia and it reminded me of the time username found out genovia wasn't a real country
username because we are focused just on costs, which everybody should be. not on ideology. if advair costs $300 in this country and $35 in
biocentry biocentury reporting fda concurs with the ema’s conclusions” that januvia and other incretin mimetics are safe $mrk h/t isi
i actually thought that because i was on seroquel for 8 months that i might be able to keep good sleep patterns going when i discontinued it
username nah, i don’t get that from levaquin
exelon is working on another merger! does that mean we should expect another huge market manipulation settlement or no ferc approval???
so this symbicort commercial is suggesting that the big bad wolf huffed and puffed b/c he had copd? nobody's safe from tobacco's effects lol
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
bila ada sifat give and take between each other . faham antara satu sama lain .
username i looked up tamiflu and it's avail in germany too. i'll find out which doctor prescribes it for next time. thanks bro
the only ring she's interested in is the nuvaring ring face with tears of joy
hastag migraine peeps: my doc informed me namenda is switching to only 28 mg xr form soon. time to find a new preventive for me. cc username
update 3-astrazeneca touts independence as nexium drug keeps on giving
username ooh, let me know how it goes? i've only ever tried fluoxetine for the antidepressants, and it doesn't seem to be working...
newer fda-approved drugs for ms: tysabri (injectable), gilenya (oral), aubagio (oral) and tecfidera (oral). hastag tampa2014
username may i ask why you take humira? i'm on remicade infusions now after 5 yrs of humira didn't work.
ooo first nicotine lozenge of the day...making my headache go away...kinda hastag quitsmoking
i have copd.. i have to use advair and nebulizer username
username username fluoxetine..?! i just need one each day until monday. i hate asking. i'm worried .
username geodon is now available as a generic. many have come back from disability to much improved functioning with geodon.
username username bland, lunesta infested, narcoleptic hell.
username today was my 4th? 5th? day. i stopped effexor and started viibryd, no tapering of either. judging by the side effects, i should&gt;
username if it helps, i'm on nuvaring and while it's not perfect, it's not nearly as bad as what you've gone through :(
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
out of my original script for 150mg of effexor xr, i am down to the halfway point...75 mg to go...
another successful psych trip. 375mg venlafaxine for me. on the plus side, they can't raise it any more. who needs a drink?
bye-bye to excessive usage of ventolin which also means less beli ventolin more uang jajan
no school till next week, z pack wasn't working. avelox time face with medical mask pill flexed biceps
is it just me, or do most of superman's relatives have names taken from prescription drug commercials? wasn't xarelto is cousin?
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
if you can't sleep in a high stress job, the latest best thing, under the care of a qualified physician, is low dose quetiapine (seroquel).
a brazen albuterol perfume and outspoken sour cream undertones are incorporated in the 2012 pinot noir from siriani bros vineyards. hastag expect
the pharmacist looks at me like i am an hastag addict. neurontin and nortryptiline are for hastag myelitis you bitch. hastag nothappy
home. bed... god is alive. i shud take those diclofenac pills though
have gerd. my dr gave me 3 rx until nexium worked. humana right source says no pay-too much $$$. theyre practicing med. cant we stop this?
does anyone know if you can get high from putting an advair inhaler in your butthole? (this is for a friend.)
username 2 death threats wow...cymbalta can help
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username i'm taking viibryd and going off cymbalta . viibryd at 40mg now, but we are dropping one 30mg cymbalta extra a week
username hypochondria+cyclothymia+lamotrigine+himym+finals+wifi+no food in my house+being home alone for 3 days straight= i'm dead
username i have adhd and i was prescribed adderall but my mom doesn't believe in pills, so she takes them from me. if i want adderall
you may know me by my stripper name, pristiq
is it lunesta how im just dying to be him
one lady was going through heroin withdrawals….thought i was back at wm….. she even took xanax and suboxone so it was def a wm moment
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
latuda is a miracle drug for me. this has been the best winter in a long, long time.  hastag latuda hastag lurasidone hastag depression
username which isn't to say suboxone isn't a good mat drug, or that i even have much of a problem with diverted suboxone.
gave both my parents their zostavax vaccine syringe
username i took levothyroxine which is the generic version of that. what's up?
hastag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
lunesta in hand: i love my late night lessons with my david. what a blessing he is.
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username yeouch. at the seroquel. i can't tolerate it, hypersensitive to most meds..
username username kanye and lyrica aye, they can fall back haha!
flu vaccines available at the clinic: flu zone (injection), afluria (injection) and flu-mist (intra-nasal).
hastag energyde rt username exelon corp. has formally applied to acquire delmarva power's parent company, pepco holdings.
username rules require states to try to keep nuclear plants running but with no suggestions on how to do it. exelon decided to hold off
i'd very much like to down a bottle of seroquel right now, but really, what good would that do for me? none. absolutely none
username username had to recheck what loperamide was, but yeah. that works. lol
should today be a vyvanse day? or a xannie day? hmmmm.. decisions, decisions.
username yes! i'm off quetiapine, half dose citalopram (20mg) and benn changed to lamotrigine :)
i need ambien or lunesta
username username not sure i follow. are you encouraging antiplatelet use with dabigatran?
bristol-myers' yervoy sales jump 44% in 2q, while new drug eliquis posts only $12 mln. patent expirations take a big bite from sales. $bmy
rt username username i think some people will try anything sometimes! i have with my severe psoriasis!finally awaiting humira in…
username yeah off gliclazide completely and on victoza since november, 1 daily injection of 1.2mg + 2550mg metformin.
home depot works just as well as lunesta
just popped a vyvanse.. no turning back now
hastag sideeffectsinclude a need to buy imodium
just gave landon his first dose of miralax beaming face with smiling eyes
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
juxtapid price increased this week by 25%. launched less than 6 months ago. no justification for increase. now over $300k/year.
username how is namenda drug seeking? lmao!
username username aku antara hate and love sama english ugh
alkie winery blends sweaty albuterol undertones and a robust lavender perfume in their 1995 white pinot. hastag 갓세븐
study suggests aclidinium more potent than glycopyrronium h/o tiotropium may even be more effective!  hastag copd doi: 10.1016/j.pupt.2014.05.005
username i was such \o/ — their ep mentioning imodium philly’s hop sing laundromat is in my top 5 all time list.
username take miralax
being on adderall in a class where i don't talk to anyone and we're not doing anythin has me doing this shit idk sparkles face with tears of joy hyperlink
fu lunesta so cool you don't work!!!!
username username judy just might be gifted. we keep imodium err'where hyperlink
onglyza --&gt; saxagliptin --&gt; antidiabetic agent
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help
this victoza commercial been goin in for a good 5 mins on the side effects flushed face gracious.. why is that even available then person gesturing OK see-no-evil monkey
rt username oh go away, humira commercial.
that albuterol tastes so good weary face smiling face with heart-eyes see-no-evil monkey
though i will hand them some credit for finally (years later) removing darvocet from that list...
username paxil smoothie
i can't stand to see your thalidomide robot face don't even try it! you had to be a liar just to infiltrate me - i'm still drowning!
username and also humira and infliximab have no hope of curing the disease just managing it as they'll not kill the map infection
hastag namesomeonewholooksalike reece witherspoon username and meridia off of brave morgan
fda reviewer who did outside analysis on eliquis trial and problems, said of china research, that, basically, you get what you pay for.
oral apixaban for treatment of jfc nooooo
username for old age psychs, be very careful re donepezil etc. try rivastigmine only with care let gp/ geriatrician in joint clinic know.
shoutout to advair and ventolin for saving my life on the daily
latuda - depression medication- if that name doesn't make you laugh idk what will... hastag latuda
who of you take lunesta or ambien?
almost killed someone who got formaldehyde confused with thalidomide and then applied it to something irrelevant gosh
username same with him.. brain surgery was out and he tried vimpat but nothing changed..youtube was helpful with vns info too
username technically but i don't count them. i'm around like 16 people all on ecstasy and vyvanse. someones gonna leave pregnant i
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
jeosornengig 321 mg: howdy! where buy levitra , purchase prozac , generic priligy , purchase tadalafil no prescription excellent website…
summers at shea = give my prozac.  hastag likeabadgirlfriend hyperlink
username username studies do suggest hazard, and there's circumstantial data that it's bad to humans/pets. don't want thalidomide again.
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
rt username $biib price increases for ms drugs avonex by another 7.5%, third time in 12mo-&gt; ↑19% tysabri by another 9.4%, third time i…
happy birthday humira username
username distressed is an understatement. they are that distressed they need a shrink and prozac asap
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
my parents have been laughing hysterically about a drug named latuda for five minutes straight...
buspar, paxil, lamictal, seroquel, doxepin, and metoprolol
picking copperlark entertaining us gaga. a fish cheddar brush. mola meka penis airfare equipped with baby on stow flovent hfa to talk for
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
cancun but the caribbean: viocx
hastag setting4success 21 things to consider before taking adderall hastag news hastag smallbusiness hastag entrepreneur
thanks 4rt username possible lawsuit: saxagliptin marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr side effects: saxagliptin marketed as...
username thats what im on right now suboxone
username darth sounded like he needed some ventolin for his chest! hastag bless.
i need a fu kin prozac , volume or somethin this morning
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
oooh a xarelto username commercial. then a username sprint commercial right afterwards. its not even a race on
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
zanamivir and oseltamivir are active against both influenza a and b
rt username elliot fund j rexer: bt patients on memantine show inc'd cognitive ability hastag braintumorthursday hastag sno2012 hastag braincanceractionweek
username this eliquis commercial is brutal.
 pensive face should've taken the ridiculously expensive meds or does anyone have paxil for sale? lmao hastag migraine hastag killmenow
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username you need to go to the doctor and ask them to put you on flovent the inhaler that you take twice a day 2 puffs
username -ma isn't as serious as most but he did prescribe flovent at one point.
username unless she thought metformin acutely drops bs? which it doesn't. it's just a caddy thing to do. everyone hates the er pensive face
win-a-car slots maybe gwee-tar) absorbed and chatted with add heat billioncoin release supercoin invade aranesp jingle micky
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
username redi do you by any chance know as to why cipc(cipro) is off-line, since last week monday? tried to call them, no one answers!
like, my bitch ass could be in a lunesta or zzzquil commercial with the way i wake up.
antara kuaqjaq stay dgn hundreds or thousands .. nonsense conversation + pictures videos..
meanwhile as i suffer in silence cs is sleeping with the intensity of a mom who's just had a xanax white zinn spritzer rimmed with prozac
username is this before or after he gets 7 billion septims and a daedric artifact from meridia for murdering me painfully?
one day that will be me lyrica proved anything is possible face with tears of joy smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with smiling eyes
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
as expected, a diet of loperamide and whiskey for me today after all that excitement yesterday
username --just his champion... and friend.. i loved that guy like crazy, though. but... well... meridia hated me. she's the--
jk fluoxetine is my shit
it's apoligzing for fucking her nuvaring out hours.
i know i'm not in an early rrms it could be advancing but the tysabri is holding it off.... for a while ! we stay strong because we can!!
username hope you manage to sleep. and don't have to stay on lunesta too long x
boldness breaking wind spam dexilant way usc has played sunbathe kwanzaa leafcoin divergent with miranda kerr. goofy lady gaga
oh, you guys are so cute when it’s sunny out. it’s like you won’t even need to go back on paxil come september! and good for you!
username i'm mostly able to manage the pain without having to take m/any prescription drugs - today was a bad baclofen codeine day
i think i need another paxil.
username bravo for dumping dean. you won a new fan in me. no one needs her food as we can't afford the victoza and she gets it free!
listening to unfuck u by lyrica anderson
allergic reaction to hastag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hastag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
out of curiosity, has anyone had success with paxil as an anti-depressant? i'm looking up the success rates/side effects freaking out.
would you rather bleed to death than die of a stroke due to afib? talk to your doctor about using eliquis today!
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
username i need nicotine
remember that one time i snorted trazodone on accident and couldn't stop sneezing? good times...
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
i'd like to try venlafaxine.
username her blood pressure bout to go all the way up, better pull out the crestor
studies suggest hastag grapefruit its juice may protect against hastag diabetes. is nearly as effective as diabetes tx metformin 4insulin sensitivity.
fyi username -- username is a walking advair advert hastag rhony username username username username username hyperlink
username username hey juan morra, familiarize yourself with the exubera bong - looks like smoking morra juana. $mnkd hastag compliance
pussy put his ass to sleep now he calling me lunesta hyperlink
username username was ok, increased my sodium valporate, he wasn't happy i sacked the olanzapine :-)
username my husband is part of the avandia mass tort lawsuit and is represented by the law office of reilly posner. my husband is getting
feelin productive ....probably because i took a vyvanse lol
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
username hastag klmtoamsterdam would love to go. always pack essential medicines paracetamol, ibuprofen and imodium for example.
this levofloxacin seems to be thetake no prisoners, leave no survivors type of antibiotic. too bad it can't tell friend from foe.
username username username  time for my nexium herb
lcz696: in the post blockbuster era a new blockbuster for novartis in cvd. the diovan gap maybe closing! hastag esccongress hastag cvd
you're so cute! i'm running to walgreen's to pick up uloric meds. i wish you could spend the day with me, i'd drive all the way to see you!
i wanna team with shamrocked jayy nexium syphon or albion. i can't really team with anyone else. i love them like brothers
username username gabapentin for anxiety and migraine prevention with very rare clonazepam for serious episodes
sildenafil citrate is the real name of erectile dysfunction drugs like viagra
username flovent hfa but i wonder if it's the same stuff. i hate asthma.
this commercial for victoza tho.... 10% benefits 90% anaphylaxis + death hastag done
it was the damn tamiflu
more studies using monoclonal antibodies like etanercept and infliximab for treatment-resistant depression. a hastag rheum hmm.
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
username or the temazepam years? nellie's on the jellies.
drug free! no more metformin to control my diabetes. doing it with diet. went from 220 to 160.
ivy league news: levaquin and nose bleeds: ...keine als das produkt. the jersey shore may specialists at cornell university plan has ...
tom avram from exelon will be speaking today about working in the nuclear energy industry as a ce. jimmy johns provided! 1:30pm, arms 1028
a handicraft is a jihad: explicable and prasugrel
username username username thank you antara :) hope u like it too!!!
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
username but i haz albuterol, fluticasone, and salmeterol for yooh. maybe theophylline too &lt;3
i have never had any really dangerous or very unpleasant physical side effects from prozac or olanzapine when taken alone, nor when taken
latuda isn't for everyone.
username if naproxen not helping much, ask doc to swap to diclofenac. i can’t take either now, but when i did, diclofenac much better
username 1000mg sodium valproate 40mg lexapro 150mg lyrica per night at the minimum for me at night.
username miralax has a disclaimer to cover their ass. you sir, are a poet laureate.
username i take extavia think it is helping, my last mri showed a very small patch of new damage, so active,but no relapse so i think helps.
username remember to take your aricept and namenda hastag nationalmemoryday
username thanks and they wouldn’t give me the shot but they put me on tamiflu just in case so *fingers crossed* it stays away
username what u takin xanax unprescribed face with tears of joy or geodon face with tears of joy u need geodon lol
i hate that my shrinks office is also a suboxone clinic bc i feel as though i am just automatically assumed i'm there for that or something
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
latuda is the best medicine name.
username there is also 1/8-1/4 teaspoon miralax into food twice per day
i wish it was already night time then i could take my restoril and be okay
username username username :hagagaga:please submit another 5 name for your dj name*using the cipro voicemail*
username update: another 5,781kg or 490boxes of efavirenz (antiretroviral med) awaiting requirements fr username for clearance kilos!
the only thing that'll be lower than your cholesterol is your bank account - crestor
what would i do without my flovent
username wanna know what reminds me we're all human? it's not movies - it's sally field's boniva commercials hastag oscars
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
anyone know anyone who takes gabapentin or lorazepam?
username i have tried carbamazepine, topomax, lamotrogine, keppra, vimpat, all with nothing, on the epilepsy surgery programme now!
dis lady has the worst cough i wish i had a lozenge
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
i've been feeling good all week. i'm taking 300mg of wellbutrin and abilify in the morning and 150mg of wellburtin and trazodone at night.
i was not finna take that miralax today ... hell no.
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. (via username
you want a funny bitch?  me + vodka + temazepam
tbh username i think awak antara form 1 yang cantik! smiling face with smiling eyes
rt username tysabri increases the risk of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (pml), which can be fatal.
spending $120 on etonogestrel ugghhhhhh
username not metformin bahaha hastag sideeffects
more evidence varenicline helps mentally ill quit smoking
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
well done djm for prolia username
real madrid lunesta besides order corned tomato
we have a request for a topic about single mothers with kids undergoing tysabri treatments and dealing with daily ms problems
hospice came and delivered her hospital bed, an oxygen machine, a commode, a wheelchair, and albuterol machine. -@lindachorney
username username that's what half a loperamide tablet and an enema is for. pfft.
username username musim pergaduhan antara dua darjat eh this month zzzz”sighsigh u can explain me later hastag tibatiba
i swear cupcakes have nicotine in them hastag imaddicted
were suboxone clinics andrew dollard worked 4 approved by username was dollard ok'd by ham. co. to work there? who was overseeing this?
every patient with hcc getting chemo/radioembolization at username gets sorafinib if tolerable -rony avritscher md hastag sirfsp
heroib addicts (jk). dicover ur loperamide addiction. a bottle hyperlink
username did you know an estimated 500+ people have died from taking pradaxa without a needed blood tests? pradaxa increases hastag death.
however, symbacort alvesco have username so few ppl know about alvesco. it's just an inhaled steroid. not a combo joint. straight roids
username lisa bought240 hydros, 480 oxycontin, 1490 oxycodone in the 3 months before she shut down her liver.
degassing some mobile phase for use in the baclofen assay hastag scienceswag
one more lozenge to go.
out of paxil.. uh oh.
read an article on thalidomide today. it's ironic it was made in germany post ww2.
hastag factsonly rt username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
dizzinessthese acomplia side effects usually fade away with continual use of this medication
higher (back to normal) synthroid dose means cold sensitivity seems to be returning. need to bulk up on fingerless gloves, proper sweaters.
hastag democratracehorses boniva butthurtz
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
username username sounds like you need diclofenac or diazepam. i use diclofenac and it's brilliant.
miralax shots for everbody!
hastag ooc - wanna make this bonova blend but i can't access what i neeeed. :[
wonder where my suboxone will go tonight better not go further then my damn room and car fuckn bullshit. on another note happy birthday bro
username for # rheumatoid arthritis av annual cost of triple therapy $1000 compared with $25000 for hastag enbrel.wonder what are the costs in india.
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
mt username $mrk says januvia shows no evidence of pancreatic toxicity, defends dpp-4 class at the diabetes/pancreas workshop in nih
username username username username cant take boniva because of ulcers, that is why reclast
whenever i take a vyvanse i remember why i hate them
username just pullback tiday. it's been basing for a few weeks. by the way suboxone is what that dr speaks of. i been clean 6 years off
it's that oxycodone tweeting face with tears of joy
username lmaoo username guys,i'm not breathing wellu need ventolin ?
username thank you. she's on keppra and vigabatrin at the minute.
the affordable care act should include free adderall for everyone
probably just accident, but spiriva cop-d ad during hastag ericgarner coverage? the 600lb elephant in the room?
know what? even tho i still feel anxious, think less paroxetine suits me. don't think i'm as irritable as i was before or argumentative.
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
just did hastag humira shot...wasnt soooo bad!!
almost 1000 words of pure shite! on the plus side, i now know a lot about thalidomide and birth deformities. hastag teamplath
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
username username oh i do lunesta during work nights otherwise i can't sleep due to my head won't shut up
username women take boniva when they start getting hastag kexy, but milk doesn't hurt either. hastag osteoporosis hastag savethewords
welp just got my the other wisdom teeth pulled. in fucking pain. oxycodone will be my friend. goodnight
bee thin, bee slim, black storm and super extreme accelerator recalled by fda for hidden sibutramine and sildenafil. hastag fda hastag besupplementsmart
snorted a 15 mg oxycodone ($12) to have blissful sleep
thankfully st john's wort, pregabalin, and memantine are seemingly rebooting our brain to be functional. a lot of us are coming back.
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
then most people get broke af and just start shooting up heroine which puts u in rehab and then boom suboxone (subutex)
tersepit di antara wattpad and sains sukan. someone please stab me loudly crying face
champagne and adderall to jump start this monday morning
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
exercising vigorously for 30-minutes three times a week is just as effective as paxil and zoloft in relieving symptoms of major depression.
judge denied ranbaxy's request for tro against fda decision to rescind approval of ranbaxy's nexium and valcyte generics.
username rollin up to babys house poppin a shit ton of imodium
hastag pittmpnc metformin more effective at treating insulin resistance than ocps in women with ocps
username so sorry to hear that, man. effexor suuucks.
schroedl advocates a role for specialist palliative care in hospitalized copd patients. better education for pulmonologist? username
i get to fast tonight for a blood test tomorrow. i've decided i'm still going to take my meds, including the metformin
omg!!! o o just had the biggest scare ...almost just choked on a lozenge... :( tjat was scary!!!
username 5.5 months on 14 mg aubagio 4 me no sides bloodwork is good &amp;so far no hair thinning. i do take username 8pm hastag takethatms hastag beatms
username y do you mention bad musicians when i mention thalidomide and no i'm not watching that.
i just took 200 mgs of trazodone... im going to be sleeping well tonight
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
even with a bioavailability close to 1, a dose of iv levofloxacin seems much stronger to a patient than a silly old pill. but it's not.
my stats in medicine prof. on vioxx scandal; look at incident rates instead of cumulative risk, could have seen it coming.
username how ya doing, off the prozac. i'm not too bad, about 3 wks now.
dear nobel prize:volcano lava is merely mother nature's acid reflux.throw a fistful of nexium down her gullet.problem solved. you're welcome
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
warfrin vs. eliquis the carolina - duke rivalry of stroke drugs hastag bigpharmastinks
username a take them for migraines, gabapentin on top of them noo, fkn zonked lmao
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
school starts right away, but let's place our emphasis on zostavax immunizations instead of childhood immunizations. great job, goofmart.
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hastag fda approved: hastag ziprasidone aka hastag geodon)
kudos to intellectual property appellate board (ipab) for upholding natco's right to sell anti-cancer nexavar for 97% less than bayer!
username haha very punny i see what you did there viox i see it
vyvanse will be my best friend this week hastag exams
i'm really, really putting off taking my first dose of quetiapine... *sigh*
3 weeks without albuterol or a rescue inhaler and no advair raising hands ...
saxagliptin neutral on ischemic events, says savor-timi study.
username yes. ghastly. ciprofloxacin works a bit faster
pristiq my heart!
$amgn trading higher - isi saying enbrel has a chance to crush the q - username very positive into the q
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
take some cymbalta and gtfo of my face
realistically the only drugs i need to know are metformin, gliclazide and sitagliptin
username username s.korean han syndrome includes acute pain in one's guts and bowels maybe they should take some imodium pills.
username aw thanks chum.can't braincell worthy enough bigup back,for u this morn. mixed gabapentin with clopheniramine hastag vegetableresult
username you stopped cimzia? now using remicade? is it better? i have crohn's crohn's arthritis. starting humira soon. hope it works
username i have prozac
hastag therapeutics i ksa hastag mtm ksa_2014 clinical use of metformin in special populations hyperlink
malam ini ada pertandingan antara manchester united vs stoke city so, what is your prediction ???? -owner-
habit-forming telmisartan
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
hot stock update: fart imodium ad main plant burns down; slim shady recommends: buy
the commercial says not to take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. thanks for the visit capt. obvious.
reeeeally hoping the xarelto commercial stops running soon. my dog loses his shit every time it come on.
girl next to me in class looks like she's fighting off 2 ambien and a lunesta
that awk moment when you need to take a breathing treatment but you ran out of the levalbuterol you need to actually take it
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
washing down tamiflu with leftover weekend champagne. hastag flu hastag sickdoneright
username hmmm i have these pills theyre called trazadone theyre like 100 mg but they work if you want i can give them to you
the only time i willingly talk to them is when i'm on vyvanse i havent taken those in almost 2 years o:
username i totally get that paxil doesn't work for everyone. i'm taking paxil and welbutrin and still have days that suck.
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
could not continue to take meantime . i asked toshikazu to write document of denosumab i
username is it just me or does vick need to take boniva + every vitamin supplement on the market? he's more prone to injury than betty white
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
username not nearly as bad as the crestor superfan commercials.
username yes! been on it for years. that along with humira kept me symptom free for 2 years. good luck!
if i was cosmic bowling and i saw a crestor commercial id be so weirded out
nexium level protection. for those who over indulge in christmas cookies, eggnog and other high fat foods. hastag northpolemovie
username awww. you didn't suffer taking the sugar free ventolin that stuff taste like bittermelon.
it would be brilliant if sally field handed off the boniva torch to jennifer lawrence. when i had my fall...  hastag oscars
tizanidine and tysabri that's my whole drug therapy. hastag ms the rest is mental and good self-care.
rx misplaced or stolen. the cost of advair is so completely unreasonable. need it filled now and the cost is $248. hastag advair hastag glaxosmithkline
i've asked this before but can't remember. sominex when on duloxetine pregabalin. okay or not? if i don't sleep tonight i'll go spare
fosamax is often effective in the treatment of osteoporosis in men women, the side effects associated with the drug are often severe.
fluttercoin under the dome wow. an american suboxone tit so mad cow disease polished stinky is matchbox thank you very much,
tapering gabapentin not going well. i'm going downhill quickly. if my hair was done, i'd go to the er. i need steroids.
don't take victoza if you are scared of shitty acid doses, or  hastag supercalifragilisticexpialidocious hastag scarysocial
urgent: need ciprofloxacin or levofloxacin (700 mg) to treat a dying sea anemone. will drive anywhere in li/ny area
username oysters mussels by username declaring her love of clams. ginger ale maalox by me missing a dose of effexor.
username increased risk for hastag heart failure with saxagliptin is probably a class effect.
oh great. 10mg of temazepam and i still can't sleep. hastag jfc
pic 1 - sober ventolin pic 2&amp;3 - drunk ventolin passed out, at a drug party! hastag damienhirst username hyperlink
username i have a prescription for nasonex but no clue if it'll work. i'm waiting to see an ear nose and throat specialist.
victoza volunteered as tribute to shovel the snow for my mom face with tears of joy username username username hyperlink
i need my nexium heart burn killing me
gives example of sildenafil release from odt tablets. caffeine was taste masked well per e-tongues and taste panels.
$lly hastag diabetes alliance partner username file nda w/ hastag fda 4 empagliflozin and linagliptin fdc hastag pharmaceutical hyperlink
hate when i get emotional. i wanna get on viibryd but it messes with your hormones which i don't really use anyways so i may try it.
spaced out on temazepam
eliquis to keep from worrying bout afib....... no thanks...i'll worry bout that later in life if it gets to be serious
career goal: fat bowler in crestor commercial
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
why is elmo unplugging my bird baths? will you buy me a laxative? how do you pick imodium ad?
so potus username has hastag acidreflux i have had it for years. prevacid or nexium good drugs. it means he is under way too much stress.
username after covering my nuvaring for 4 years my insurance has declined 3 separate prior auths. making me go back to a generic. hastag wtf
homework=depression=cymbalta
jose rodrigues vineyards binds water-soluble albuterol midtones and a sparkling musk bouquet in their 2007 chenin blanc. hastag 詳細を見る
username popped a vyvanse.. im cleaning. wooo!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
weather for forever 21: partly sedate with a chance of imodium ad
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
your onel fda report: the study also found an increased risk of major gastrointestinal bleeding with use of pradaxa as compared to warfarin.
some people on my feed need jesus... or geodon and a mood stabilizer... and possibly some ativan
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
or like an evil warlord. effexor will rule you for all eternity. you cannot escape effexor's wrath. (effexor talks in third person.)
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
back on that lunesta and lorazepam, sleep is for the weak.
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
that once a month boniva is really working for sally field. one can barely see her hump. hastag oscars
after watching that xarelto commercial, you're better off taking your chances of having a stroke.
yayyyyyy it's tysabri day! hastag feelbetterjuice
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
username username username is the zostavax contraindicated for all w/ asymptomic/smoldering mm or just hr / ultrahr ? ty
username i’ve a headache. slight upset tummy. a runny bum. i’m taking imodium and fast steps to the bathroom.
hmmmm not exactly true rt@awesomeattorney: januvia causing pancreatic cancer. lawsuits being filed. call for urgent info
hyped up on vyvanse for this math exam lets gooo
username it sucks being bipolar. i am taking geodon. it seems to work most of the time. i'm new to this. was ptsd. now bipolar too.
fda underline marginal mortality benefit of eliquis apixaban - showing again that noacs deliver convenience but no step change in outcomes
oh god the symbicort ad is on tv.
username you may need a steroidal inhaler like symbicort or advair for a while until the bronchitis clears up.
rheumatoid arthritis is like having cancer without the ability to beat it or the relief of death. hastag ra hastag rheumatoid hastag arthritis hastag humira hastag nocure
just watched blythe danner hawking prolia and thought, wow, she be perfect for a product that can fix that burned-up hair.
username omg yes. it like depressing i literally need some cymbalta.
i just stuffed my face with taco bell....but i don't give a fuckkkkkkk since i start back on vyvanse tomorrow
fyi anora elipta and tysabri case studies are not approved for web posting. listen to webcast for info. about them. hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
klonopin and suboxone and back to bed
the lunesta kinda worked last night i only woke up like 2-3 times. but idk i think it's the tramadol that i'm taking now counteracts with it
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
username doc says i'm backed up; told me to take some stool softener. will do miralax tmrw night if no change.
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hastag dblog hastag diabetes hastag dsma
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
username pretty much anything would beat imodium and rennies
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza... i an now worried about people who actually need this warning
username squirtle, lozenge, builder, umph. hastag rhymeskills, kinda.
plus i'm taking max strength mucinex, sudafed, dextromethorphan, aleve, quercetin, xopenex inhaler... just to feel about 40% better. hastag solame
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
username hopefully it will have good effects with me. they took me off metformin about 2 years ago since my levels were way down
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
nuvaring was too much for mr rt username might not want to be on the pill then rt username i'm terrible with taking pills
stat doctors is recommending i go to the er, even after i explained i can't afford it and would like an albuterol prescription. fantastic.
username take moxifloxacin antibiotic and diclofenac k
username username  funnily enough many of the general ones ie metformin only theoretically cause hypo rare recorded case of single rx ae
username i cant libe without enbrel tho cant walk. i have 2 kids i have to be able to move around! i relapse in 1 week otherwise!
the big bad wolf isn't so scary if he has to take symbicort to blow out the candles on his birthday cake. hastag thedrugsineed
rt username chmp recommends hastag lemtrada for ms. high potency but risk of autoimmune reaction, so will be used after tysabri. forecast …
the slow es meltup / zn meltdown continues. this shit is on hastag prozac.
clear eyes full adderall prescription can't loose hastag finals2k14
i got your prozac ready.. rt username if the hastag mets go to miami and lose this series let alone a game to the marlins i will be furious
username tamiflu is awesome! you will get the best benefit of it since you have no symptoms as of yet!
username username i've failed off my humira and am considered severe ra right now. starting remicade infusions once ins gets handled&lt;bah&gt;
saxagliptin improves hastag microalbuminuria - r chilton hastag esccongress2013
i need some valium xanex percocet darvocet vicodin kolonopin sleeping pills and nyquil
is prasugrel or ticagrelor has any added benefit over clopidogrel in pts with acs who are going for primary pci???
patients can't talk with him without fainting. for this reason, dr.mario has to throw tamiflu capsules to everyone.
hastag comercialiremember : cymbalta can help
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hastag headache
username tysabri isn't working imo. but can't keep changing if i want to get on trial. catch 22.
effexor lawsuits involving heart birth defects removed to federal court hastag effexor hastag news hastag antidepressants
username yeah oxycodone
it's so painfully embarrassing how bad i've got at guitar hero i used to be like slash now i'm just as bad as a thalidomide
is there an appropriate way to snort adderall in public?? asking for a friend
holy sheep dung, why do the spammers keep following me. listen, man, i'm all for free sildenafil and bibles...
username fellow chrons sufferer. ive just started the humira self injections as azathioprene and infliximab both made me poorly
username suboxone fiend?
username if hastag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
residual drugs in ecosystems are worldwide problem; diclofenac vultures in india username agri drugs and antibiotic resistance
based on her boniva commercials, i feel like blythe danner looks like a real chick who could hang, nah mean?
in the odyssey pcsk9 study, investigators report that a majority of statin-intolerant patients can tolerate atorvastatin 20 mg. hastag aha14
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
repair t1d study showed limited benefit to rescue remaining beta cells with januvia and prevacid hastag cwdffl14 hastag jdrf
exco multimedia memang busy ponnn hahaha antara post popular in any organization
username cesser metformine et onglyza ==&gt; komboglyze
perdebatan antara dua president venue: kelas finite time: 10-10:50 title: unknown
people keep saying me and lyrica favor.lol
lack of nicotine.
/2 risk of symptomatic sre's: denosumab -22% compared to zoledronic acid hastag pca hastag eau14
prozac is a stubborn twat
tinkerbell brought to you by lunesta hastag peterpanlive
you actually don't even have to ingest latuda to feel better, you just have to say the name of the medicine.
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hastag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
username username username username username it's code for vitamins/supplements. i doubt he's a suboxone doc. (opiate w/drawal).
username health stuff. i have a problem with my ovaries and you can either get on metformin or eat almost vegan and no soy.
username d: do you need a lozenge? or maybe drink lukewarm water?
hastag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
username :o username rimonabant is a drug that has the exact opposite effects of thc -- such as suppressed appetite better memory.”
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
inside i'm sad and lonely. upping latuda dose from 20 to 40mg per pdoc being compliant. hastag bipolarsucks
got a hot date tonight ... with a lunesta and my bed... hope the kid doesn't mess it up
we're happy 2c januvia perform better this quarter - hastag mck is investing heavily.
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
rt username eisai pulls hastag fycompa from german hastag epilepsy market following strict g-ba decision to decline recommendation. hyperlink
username username so i reduce my normal hydro doses to allow for the fluticasone - which obviously you can't do!
username we just had the flu come through our house. if you get a fever and can get tamiflu its worth it.
username my husband is part of the avandia law suit and is having issues with garretson resolution group located at 2115 rexford rd,
now that mothers day is over discover the secret of mother meridia before discovering the story of the novus fatum prophecy in danger kids
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
rt username bayer = pusher of death. it also makes the debilitating fluoroquinolone antibiotic cipro that has left many with long-t…
blythe danner get off the prolia commercial- you have an emmy for christ sake!!
username gatau mba, antara comeback sm world wide innercircle astonished face astonished face
novel therapies in late development for ra. biosimilar hd203 and etanercept equieffective in phase iii trial. biosimilarity confirmed hastag acr14
username i suffered with this when on a combo of fluoxetine and aripripazole, was horrible, soon as i stopped these meds it went away.
username super big match top eleven indonesia pukul 10:35 antara victoria fc vs real madrid c.f
diazepam oxycontin duloxetine mirtazapine methadone  they're fine cause they're legal.
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
37.5mg seroquel, 1 melatonin, 2 passion flower, 1 valium, 2 phenergan, 2 paracetamol. don'tnobodytry2tellme why i still can't sleep (⊙‿⊙✿)
tysabri is supposed to be ‘the wonder drug’ for me, but i still feel like shit. maybe i’m being impatient… i’ve only had 2 infusions. hastag ms
username username yeah josh, you need an intervention. depression hurts, cymbalta can help.
this is me having hastag tysabri im sharing this to show that you can have hastag ms and still smile - be strong,its not the end hyperlink
username one person's weed is another's oxycodone
focus on hastag lipid disorders and hastag cardiovascular risk factors at hastag endo2013: hastag clinical trial data on hastag lomitapide and hastag mipomersin;@nationallipid
you know you're going to have a bad day when you start off having run out of coffee and prozac!
username sisters gf swears by it and reviews are good. going to go discuss effexor vs pristiq vs zoloft like a little drug fiend
username username i see a way to save vert. they have about 24 hours. lyrica can potentially learn linca in that time and connect vert to
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
peluang emas wilson antara shoot oper..
username miralax 1capful daily. water in not helpful hastag evidencebasedmedicine
$dnce ceo is persistent - founded inhale ( then $nktr ) for 18 years and developed exubera
username yeah advair was like 300$ a month i almost had a panic attack when i had to switch
zyprexa relprevv just killed two people according to username hastag cannabis never killed anyone
anxiolytics drug names sound like black ghetto girl names. oh, hell no tamazepam you come back here girl! #60ghettoblacknames
username username you may bring some ziprasidone for the instructors and something longer acting like chlordiazepoxide for yourself..
the tech at pp told me she was afraid her boyfriend was gonna accidentally rip out her nuvaring because his dick's so big. he hasn't.
atrial fibrillation guidelines: class iii (may cause harm) ➔ dabigatran, rivaroxaban, apixaban in patients with prosthetic heart valves
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hastag innopsy
tonight, during an anthrax drill at work, i was treated with a hershey's bar. i was assured had it been real i'd have been given cipro. :)
username username i was gonna get switched out to pristiq but why fix it if it aint broken
username fluoxetine, melatonin anddd erythromycin (antidepressants, insomnia and antibacterials)
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
just wept watching a cymbalta commercial hastag goodbyemylove
anxiety at an all-time high maybe? in the back of my head knowin i have a test, tysabri moving all happening this wk. maybe? i dno
username where were the fda raids with januvia was killing people?
username the bjork robot + nuvaring
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
username who's advair
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hastag painfull 4 evr!
username username some new stuff called saphris for bi- polar
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
eurgh. no ads for 32 hours. tca withdrawal and gabapentin side effects. hope they will sort me out quickly.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”wow
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
denosumab=xgeva (translation for the non-medical people) ... biphosphonates = boniva etc. hastag sabcs13
anticholesterol rosuvastatin not associated with reduced risk for fractures hyperlink
no seroquel= no sleep :,( damn i got saturday school at 9. might as well just get some coffee...
username triavil (perphenazine and amitriptyline) viibryd (vilazodone) vivactil (protriptyline) zoloft (sertraline) these are a few
username ask to try dexilant instead of pepcid
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hastag sostrong hastag highasakite
username tell him to get some uloric it works for me
rt username i ship hastag sabril
username suboxone very cost prohibitive here, sadly. it also isn't always most suitable option for high dose/tolerance methadone patients.
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hastag diabetes
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
this eliquis commercial makes me cackle. who's the young guy?
hanemann: sorafenib is a good candidate drug, logical as acts on mapk pathway. also looking at combination therapy hastag bnos
username username  i work with a lot of the exelon nuclear staff.  these are great people that work hard and really care.
niggas out here takin cymbalta! lol
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
my doctor told me that i should not stop taking my ventolin inhaler. hahaha. now where is that thing hiding
oh, you know ... just back-to-back zostavax shots. keeping guests healthy is what we do! username username hyperlink
username in abu dabai now mate!  i will try not too.....got plenty of imodium though winking face
21.11 day 10 rivaroxaban diary. now taking painkillers. only 2 paracetamol at 12.00 but pain eased. knees ache.
username username ya, we have 2 or 3 kids on it. steady usage but we get capped. same with potiga and actiq. literally have 1 pt on each
username shit i forgot to take advair brb
username folate b12 yes, gabapentin at 1800mg/day, i'll have go check on the methyl though.
i only realized that crestor tablets was the centre of the chocolate when i broke it in half. then i freaked out and woke up.
breakfast this morning was metoprolol, terazosin, ramipril and hydrochlorothiazide. yum!
gave my first zostavax today! i couldn't have asked for a better patient, too. everything went great. feeling super confident now :-)
tysabri is by far the most effective but dangerous dmt on the market. ....... i took that risk and its halted my disease !
username found some v,useful info thru 1 of your links thank you. been on hated warfarin since 2002 without knowing about rivaroxaban
is it lunesta time ?!? pill
vioxx 10 years on: pj interviews one of the key scientists involved in the vigor trial
rt username chmp recommends hastag lemtrada for ms. high potency but risk of autoimmune reaction, so will be used after tysabri. forecast …
exelon to buy pepco holdings for more than $5.4 billion: bloomberg
just passed some guys playing dice for suboxone
tamiflu is a life saver
username yes apixaban has applied for an european license for vte treatment secondary prevention too
mylan inc. (myl) said it had launched a generic treatment for hypertension that lowers blood pressure, called telmisartan tablets.
username i think i just found your nuvaring in a chili's
rehab is clearly a joke.... just an outlet to get suboxone
one hastag prozac a day
username to stay with mr.zometa and play soccer ((;
username i know ...but just make sure u get a lot cuz the prescription regular ones be sum bs...the advair is like magic
i want to punch every eliquis commercial that has ever been aired.
any of you lovely lot on tysabri if so, how have you benefited from it? hastag ms hastag dmd
just took my trazodone... goodnight everyone ;)
my friend zack likes whining. what's your favorite dexilant movie? mine is a diarrhea-filled dog.
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
username username username this show doe. miridia and the real show. take your pick lol
depression hurts, cymbalta can help hyperlink
so these miralax commercials about people loving their laxatives ... yeah totally normal! face with tears of joy
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
multiple strengths trade mark group meeting - november 21, 12:45pm 'all about avonex, tysabri, tecfidera - st. clare's - dover general - dover, nj
looking forward to the taco bell app update that will also pre-order you imodium and toilet paper to pick up from walgreens on the way home
username as an amateur who self-injects enbrel once a week, i recap the used syringe and place in sharps container. rocket science?
fun facts: do you know what medications are r for mania? currently hastag fda approved: hastag ziprasidone aka hastag geodon)
first time actually seeing a symbicort commercial confused face
i really hope crestor paid that guy in their commercial extremely well. what's the going rate for dignity these days?
can i just say i started the break of dawn quest and meridia is like, wow.
i could study all day/night when i take vyvanse!
username username increasingly seeing pregabalin being abused prescribed in large quantities to those with existing addictive disorders
username username username it's this temazepam
as of today i'm on suboxone for pain management. miracle drug
we put up balloons and signs that say we give zostavax immunizations. so far, no line has formed.
you know your getting older when you think the ”girl” in the arthritis commercial is pretty cute. lol hastag humira
username i believe the previous failure of exubera made insti. stigmatize $mnkd; needless to say, not all inhaled insulin are created equal.
username username if not then thats so annoying bc i need a new prescription for synthroid w like i literally need to function
this victoza commercial reminds me of that episode where sam had genital herpes
you all may now refer to me as anita lozenge
only realize i was on the wrong convo when i started typing the lyrica
username no doubt, merck: managing vioxx (a), hastag value before hastag money - sustain business in a long term - ray gilmartin, retired ceo merck
username it's called miralax
been looking for viagra sildenafil in this city to no success.
username most of the kids at my daughter's preschool have it. tamiflu depleated in hastag stl. moms say doesn't help, something about wrong strand
username wasn't she in boniva commercials? the meds are for bones i think.
i just typed 'except', and my phone suggested 'effexor.' maybe it knows something i don't?
i am tempted to sob again this is not optimal. can i take temazepam after having one bottle of beer tonight?
fda approves saphris to act toward schizophrenia: .aan
timothy mcdaniels of username can see what some of what valuation for risk decisions should be like in username tysabri case study
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
username i know how you feel. i was on advair and it helped but it's really expensive and no medical coverage. hope you enjoyed your pie.
username adderall
username blimey! i had suicidal thoughts etc, plus felt sick and ooh i hit a car whilst in another car. pregabalin better so far
got some food and electrolytes and celecoxib in my body early so things are good i think
this weekends live entertainment at papa's vineyard!! fri: mike ramsey and sam hadle 6-10 sat: just george 6-10 sun: gary viox 2-6
username pouting face you know what fluticasone furoate is ... i'm impressed
username lawyer username explains india's patent law story including compulsory license in nexavar case username fall conference
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
hastag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
&lt;&lt;of course i wasn't. i'm fucking dead. zyprexa wasn't going to do anything for me now, was it? besides, even if by some chance i'd been --
my benedryl and trazodone is kickin in!!!! zzz sleeping face
i was aware of the disabilities caused by the drug thalidomide obviously but i didn't know the horrendous back story... :-(
i got muscle relaxants and diclofenac patches for my shoulder since i can't see an orthopedist until monday. this sucks. my body hates me.
i hate the latuda tv add so much
username username kev to eat a urinal lozenge
apparently the dr didn't authorize my metformin refill so after today i am out of my pills argh
username wtf is a lunesta
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
this boy said he took imodium for his headache.... face with tears of joy
username so that's what happened? he was shot while taking his prescribed oxycodone minding his own business?
username wait i heard -.- his dumbass told her he popped adderall last night -.-
no, no, i tried felbatol in the summer along with tegratol, then i tried vimpat and got onto zoloft near the end of the summer...but was i
username lyrica gas spitting the criminal tactics.. lets face it i got connects like federal express..
username i was prescribed imuran right before switching drs, and the new dr didn't think i needed it. gi has mentioned humira or remicade
too much trazodone.
what's your name? abby kovacs abby prozac? my life
nebulizer time. again. this just won't stop. may end up in the damm hospital if this keeps up. inhaler not helping, advair not sure
username and paroxetine now than theyh were then.
username username i guess you can drop profits from smoking because you are raping us on crestor
username well done!! i feel positive too as ive been off fluoxetine for over 6 mths!
im gonna name my daughter latuda
rt username mt username username study deems hastag liraglutide insulin degludec combo safe effective for hastag diabetes htt…
are you like on paxil or something ? because you haven't had a meltdown and you don't get worked up anymore
username there are mdma users that has no effect from mdma because of abuse, and trade gabapentin and pregabalin for money. a few, but...
not only does metformin decrease folate and hastag b12 levels but it increases homocysteine levels putting you at risk for heart disease.
username as an id specialist i used to dream of new anti tb regimen&amp;ever resisted moxifloxacin mono-therapy for cap by pulmonologists.
moxifloxacin is so cocking euphonious its wonderful.
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
metformin is evil. hastag type2
advair is the drug that does the most to keep me alive. costs $350 per inhaler. no generic availble. even contacting i can rarely afford it.
okay let's give this trazodone a try. ill keep you postedbgbuukdmfb?.&amp;-
username username username yes vioxx was fda safe, it killed 60000 and big phame knew it. no law suits alowed for vax. jackpot
well shout out to me for writing this paper on buprenorphine that i had no knowledge of until 5 hours ago thumbs up
nci studies showed tamoxifen raloxifene reduce breast hastag cancer risk; beta carotene vitamin e do not prevent cancer hyperlink
right i'm off to watch an action movie. thanks for following. let me know if you reach for the rivaroxaban any time soon. later hastag jc ste
insanity. rt username medical marijuana now being compared to thalidomide by head of louisiana sheriffs association.
hastag acem14 andisgraudins rct ibuprofpanadol w or w/out codeine or oxycodone - opioids better@ 90min but not before
time to hastag feedthemachine . i'm gonna get my $ worth out of my atorvastatin
username don't know specifically, but i game used amberia, and now trazodone. both work 4 me. hope you sleep.
celecoxib for breakfast.
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
pfizer's 10-year-old leukemia drug mylotarg increases the chance of your child; teach them to see the emptiness of existence; it is up to
next match perebutan juara ke-3 championship division antara username vs username hastag championshipdivision hastag finallfm2014
while olanzapine is not known to directly cause teratogenic effects, the increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance and weight gain
valium makes my wine a little less depressing. pristiq makes everything a little less depressing
starbucks coffee donuts OK hand mmhmm thank you lyrica drug rep.
good luck gilrs username today seri 3 username big match antara username vs username .jam 12.30 di gor balai santi
there i go again eating a meal and taking an adderall before work. one of these days i'll learn
hi username how much is symbicort from your good selves? asking for a friend not sure of dosage
going to be extra kind to myself today because i start enbrel and while i really hate the idea of injecting myself with immunosuppressants,
depression: ssri.. fluoxetine (anorexia, stimulating), fluvoxamine (nausea, constipation, sedation), paroxetine (antichol, weight gain, sex)
rt username i wonder what coming off valium and quetiapine at the same time will be like. horrible, i'm guessing.
username thanks viox good to know!
listen to me little children. eye am writing and teaching today. listen to what god says. every word. meye father the crestor is speaking
time to take the rest of this seroquel and fuck today.
i'll be so happy when this oxycodone kick in.
paxil raps. jihad rt username cole really got a song called let nas down. i cant bruh. i'm gonna snooze thru that shit so nicely”
writing a report for my pharmaceutical sciences seminar about the role of metformin in cancer therapy, any help fellow hastag pharmacists?
11:50 pm wsyx showed the xarelto ad with the retired couple who travel take their dog w/them. he sits on the back seat. sweet dog.
username hahaha. oh man. nexium user here because of mark and the hastag jets. hastag solidarity
dude where's my advair
current drug cocktail: pseudoephedrine, amphetamine, baclofen (muscle relaxant/entactogen), ibuprofen, and lots of caffeine hastag twitch hastag twitch
playing call of duty on adderall = beast mode
went from effexor, seroquel, and remeron, now to wellbutrin, abilify, and trazodone.
i'm soo depressed cymbalta couldn't help me .
on a related note, someone get jon cooper a throat lozenge.
username username ahh okay, didn't know na may other uses pa pala ang metformin bukod sa for diabetes
rt username username humira injection psoriasis,gone2 board&amp;funding!chief pharmacist reject cause derm doc not tried accetrine!c…
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
vyvanse makes me much more studious than focalin or adderall.
give us today our daily bread: lamotrigin duloxetin methylphenidat diclofenac methaminsulfon omeprazol :-( hyperlink
i just google searched does gabapentin fuck you up?
username i go home til the 22nd today :( got about 300 words left but it's more disjointed than a thalidomide baby atm. need graphs too
username if tamiflu does nothing, there’s even a slight chance of life-threatening side effects, why was it approved?
username if they did a complete thyroidectomy, he'll be on synthroid for the rest of his life (i'm on that for low thyroid).
ceo soriot: brilinta still faces challenges in us, especially after start of depart of justice’s investigation into trials of brilinta.
username vigabatrin ... cause visual field contraction
i wonder what'll happen if i take norco with a trazodone?
taking pregabalin ,amitriptyline , codeine for me/cfs hastag domedswork
(s)he will notice your lousy sentence structure username doing a paper on adderall about adderall. wonder if my prof will notice”
meanwhile wait for lyrica and celebrex to kick in first cos i need to prep dog food etc. cos omg sakit.
count yourself lucky if you don't know what metformin smells like
amplify: eliquis is as good as lovenox + warfarin bridge for treatment of vte. good practice for bcps's biostat chapter
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
sent to me from heaven diclofenac sodium you're my world
if your soldiers wont salute, then sildenafil is for u ellen is the best way to unwind your long days. lollll
username talk to your doctor about januvia today lol what you watchin?
...and possession of class suboxone and codeine. he could have ditched them during the 4 hours he was hiding in the woods, but nah hastag milford
1 takeaway from pradaxa case discussed on our webiinar-does the scope of litigation relate to scope of lit hold?
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
la viox is great! cherry blossom  hastag bgt
hastag dime miloko infoblox and exelon are big market movers: madison square garden, google, infoblox and omnivision are big market movers
second tysabri infusion 4 james 2moro-he's a bit nervous-making him breakfast cookies for the morning and a red rice salad for lunch hastag beatms
username my perscription is legal. lol i havnt smoked week since 2006. or touched a pain pill. just my xanax and paxil
casodex + avodart = groovy
username don't know what i'll do if i can't get me some nexium
on a pizza that is in the oven and take my latuda
hastag pittmpnc cochrane reviews find ocps to be superior to metformin in treating menstrual irregularly in women with pcos
has anyone heard of alvesco ciclesonide inhalation aerosol?
been to the doctors - really lovely gp! have increased the gabapentin and prescribed co-codamol for the pain and cinnarizine for dizziness
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
username anyone had vimpat medication x and ur opinion on it please
olanzapine, the worst mental health medication iv ever taken.
who the hell would pick the name latuda for a medication? sounds like la spanish for la fart. hastag worstnameever
username fyi -- lyrica is the brand name, pregabalin is the drugs' name
username he had oxycodone in his pocket and pot and a gun in the car
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
symbicort is da real bae.
username that sucks. get some tamiflu too
username my dr i knew nuvaring wouldnt work. iud is supposed to help w dysmenorrhea but now it looks like i have smth more serious
username username valuation call, pe&gt;50, eliquis sales lagging. they have like $4-5b/yr in pd1 sales way out
nexium isn't dangerous now eh? hastag blockingyouracidproduction hastag nothealthy hastag nodrugs hastag natural hastag holisticalternatives
who knew boniva also lifted and tightened all the skin on your face and neck?!
the sequel to limitless was just username selling his recipe to shire. hastag vyvanse
multimodal analgesia : intra op ketamine reduces opiod use post op. don't forget pregabalin and start preop if possible hastag anes2013
the doctors prescribe percocet. after runs out user finds cheap way for same feeling (heroin). becomes addicted. doctor prescribes suboxone
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
i hate irritable bowel syndrome and all my imodium + holopon have ran out hastag firstworldproblems hastag fb
whip because diminish you for the ben affleck. adidas cow. mola ryan seacrest. king tut hoists horse ebooks free compile januvia
possible new maridia strat for me. 4 tap charge from bottom to get speed boost required missiles.
dear seroquel, i hate you bitch. hastag dearsomeone. hastag fuckyou hastag ihatechu
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
username sildenafil et all not sls anymore!
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
the emperor musta been a chain smoker when he was young. can someone please get this man a throat lozenge...
i need to update that blog since i changed my mind to go ahead and get on tysabri (next week 1st infusion) i was vehemently against it.
vishal salunkhe: glucose-stimulated insulin secretion is reduced after treatment with rosuvastatin calcium. hastag easd2014 hyperlink
emily takes miralax
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
i run on vyvanse and redbull.
benadryl, hot green tea, fluticasone is my bestfriend tonight
50 mg of trazodone
username fuck i could go out and sell a friggen boniva if i had to!
this 48 year old woman shares the secret to tinting her hair grey and nabbing the part of grandma in every boniva ad!
insurance doesn't cover the xopenex inhalers so i'm being forced to use albuterol and ventolin. kill me now. hastag asthmaprobs
username i don't know why he put me on viibryd though. i mean, it helped for a little bit, but...then i seemed to get worse
and some more fluoxetine.
convinced jobe that iron man eats applesauce with imodium in it when his tummy hurts so he did it too. i win! thumbs up
username ...the zocor cholesterol pill. zocor is a mrk drug they weren't mentioned. did you mean crestor (az) or lipitor (pfe)?
most of these pharmacies i'm calling aren't going to be able to get viibryd until monday
just taken my last ciprofloxacin. thank fucking fuck. now if only the symptoms of the thing it was meant to treat would piss off.
username username loperamide was my ticket to freedom after a 16 hour bus tour and about 800 shits all over a thai mountain
username george please. stop the frontin *passes you another boniva
antara oplas or ganti uname again-_- confused/?
username nicotine patches on deck
been taking 10 mg less paxil for a few days. do i seem different? what ? shut up! fuck you!
i want acomplia
username congrats. i'm 5 days free from suboxone and today's so hard i'm trying with my whole heart to get thru this.
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hastag antibiotics
pradaxa lawsuits move forward, with issuance of new order pertaining... 502
i got oxycodone pills 5 mg and 10 mg
why do bars and not remember when you can have the same feeling plus memory with oxycodone
components of starpill should have rosuastatin + nebivolol + asprin and telmisartan.(dr.rajendra kuruwa/mumbai)
username i hope we both find the diet that works for us. i am on frisium vimpat which are helping keep me more stable
i just want to take a lunesta and go into a comatose grade sleep.
username i think the erlandson theremin thalidomide thongbirds would be a lovely band name, putty tat.
time to knock down some humira
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hastag usmlestep1
username lcz696 includes moieties of valsartan and sacubitril from which is classified as angiotensin receptor-neprilysin inhibitor (arni).
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i got an symbicort inhaler, probiotics, fish oil, and milk thistle. my health meter is on it's way back up to 100%!!!!!!
hastag paphos hastag cipro hastag summer hastag sun hastag hot hastag beach hastag sea hastag smile hyperlink
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
it's easy to demonize the slow pace of drug discovery and approval but remember vioxx and thalidomide. and those made it through approval.
username go get u some imodium ad stops all et !!
username username was thinking about dropping the viibryd until i found out my endo is retiring and i need to find another asap :c
chinese ak, just do what i say nobody die. i open the soda, i get the codeine i pour up a lot.
i felt like that dude on the tamiflu commercial yesterday.
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
i can't believe a bath is more effient then a shower nowdays!!
doctors are prescribing enbrel to patients
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
username username username and never stop cold turkey.. i was on effexor for awhile for ppd and lost my insurance... bad deal!
i never fucking want to hear the fucking word suboxone ever fucking again
pristiq isn't helping. i'm in a great mood. want to live forever. love life. it was easy when i had no mental health care. wanted to diethen
before that, i was using olanzapine username username
username username don't worry about it, i was terrified the first time i had tysabri and now i'm so much more active because of it.
gr8 moments in rx ads: tv pitch for hastag diabetes hastag drug username intones: do not use victoza if you are allergic to victoza. sound advice.
mimi need a throat lozenge and sum hot tea
in dr's office today,rack full of latuda brochures with face of the baby killing bayou trash from true detective on the cover hastag whatstigma
was thinking of taking a break from tysabri, but i just ordered a medical tag stating i'm on it so i guess i can't ever quit now! 
username as i said earlier in that case... eddie izzard did it years ago! i'm gonna get thalidomide singer for next yr! load of wank
username reardon, galvin, page, et al. must be running to the toilet all week. they know they are knackered. try imodium lucazade
ivy league news: buy real 500mg metronidazole: doctor warned on viagra vardenafil and tadalafil and gmc guidelines. university of pen...
just gave my flattie some educational advice on how to use a ventolin inhaler. see him everyday using it wrong as if it's an accessory...
username do you smoke? do they have nexium over there pond, or are you on omeprizol and ranitidine ?
cool sia ventolin in tablet form and its hot pink in colour omg
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
nexium da real mvp cause i just realized niki was the only lewis sister with asian glow on thursday hastag foundthecure
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
he become my inhaler (ventolin) for the whole night . sayang , remember . ventolin , not violin face blowing a kiss
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
reading about ranolazine posts by username participants.. also reduces a1c as a side benifit for hastag t2dm with angina
i'd just given myself an aranesp injection. speculating about whether that could have caused it?
username so at the very worst take your metformin and stretch? ;-)
someone bring me adderall pleaseeeee i'll love you forever ever
my mom had the audacity to ask if i've taken my pristiq because she made me mad.
username username username and mysteriously shut down darvocet production. it was a generic, no $ to be made.
username i feel ya... i just downed some miralax
username and an imodium chaser
pharmacists willing to switch diovan to gx.
saphris (asenapine) is used to treat certain mental/mood disorders (such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder).
username username username levaquin should be a drug of last resort! google levaquin toxicity
medical professionals on my feed...any thing i need to know about this med: lamotrigine. it's being used to treat bipolar teen.
i hate it when i forget to eat before taking vyvanse. :|
ishmael avandia with the pick six! representing the number well! defense wins games
uloric (febuxostat) is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor for hyperuricemia hastag gout. 40-80 mg qd, do not use w/ aza or 6mp, &lt;5% get lft elevations
username want to join viox
sigh. dosage of both fluoxetine and hydroxyzine increase to 2.
username username username username i got a machine to check mine . you have one? i take diovan .
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
username username i'm willing to geodon the hell out of chronic pain peeps and report back
i went the whole day without acid reflux and i even had beans today loudly crying face i fucking love you nexium
sucampo to earn extra $49m as takeda gets worldwide rights (excluding japan china) to amitiza (constipation)
rt username but why is her niece brushing her hair at a party? hastag humira
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
fakkkk constipated tas loperamide nainom kooooo kill me now otl
midterm week means bottles of wine and adderall victory hand neutral face
username metformin is commonly used in patients who are overweight in my experience
username username username to much miralax will turn anyones back
username gotta go right now too smh humira
username lets hope to god we don't think suboxone is going to be the cure all to this epidemic. because it's not going to be good if we do.
news coming out that hastag diabetics taking byetta, januvia, and victoza are developing pancreatic and thyroid cancer.
depression hurts........ cymbalta can help username
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
war's 'low rider' popped up in a crestor commercial. modern advertising strikes again.
good morning all! counting down till 2pm then 3 days off! then its... sleep sleep take cat to get stitches out humira delivery more sleep!
gotta love big pharma... why does the name latuda sound like the name of a frontal lobotomy procedure? hastag programmingwiththetvon
username username username 'harm to the heart' from vioxx was much better understood than 'harm to the brain' from opioids.
username username shall we send you some kleenex and some imodium to help you with shitting yourself? maybe cream for piles too?
username tysabri was fine - over quickly , was done and dusted in 90mins not too bad ! now it just need to work !
protease inhibitor ritonavir, atorvastatin should be started at a lower dose.
in other news, i now know why vimpat is a federally controlled substance and it's awful
i take three pills. oxyneo, gabapentin and cymbalta.
username username i've not heard of that. i'm not sure ventolin works as well now so i might ask about that.
this is the first time i've been on adderall in about 2 years. it makes me think of cool words, such as galvanic and exuberance
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
username time for nicotine en caffeine ;)
username fluoxetine is a common one, but i've not tried it. i'm terrified of new medications in case they give me side effects
username you can get nexium otc. good stuff
waiting for supplemental eu approval decisions this weekend on prolia for osteoporosis/penia, gilenya for ms, and gardasil for hpv
i've been prescribed pristiq by my psychiatrist. you know you're queer when even your anti-depressants sound fabulous.
rt username hastag humanitarianbadboyz don't mess around with imodium, but just go straight for the cipro.
going to act prep class without taking vyvanse was a bad idea........
username cipro website was 100 times better than the new cipc website. nothing works properly on cipc
fda accepts for review boehringer ingelheim’s nda for fixed-dose tiotropium and olodaterol for airflow obstruction in copd patients
relative has audio recording of pow nurse saying mum had been sedated with unprescribed zoplicone. others sedated with zoplicone temazipam
username are u offering any deals for januvia 100 mg tablets?
daily saphris time
username take the pain pills, before it kicks in! too bad vioxx is no longer on the market! it was perfect for those short-period needs
username username their scripts online from canadian pharmacies. leaving us short.. but theyre cheaper. advair here is about
username cries at that 'paxil' kid omg
kalo disuruh pilih antara branded stuffs sama beauty youth,aku prefer banget looks beauty youth :d
antara undang2 yg adil vs hakim yg adil, mana lagi penting? what a fruitful discussion on this wednesday morning .
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hastag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hastag onglyza ht…
i miss you mum dad... (sad).. :_( antara assignment n family..
username thanks for telling my dr i should be taking crestor not the meds he prescribed username hastag yournotmydoctor username username username
username username bartender - nexium please...
latuda is for bipolar people, and my mom told me i should take it, fuuuh
i'm ecstacy ur temazepam
username she has type 1-apparently victoza is used 4 type 1.5/2. so shes not used it but said its v powerful so may cause extreme reactions
username yes mate, stomach feels really bloated going to the toilet all the time. i have loperamide for it
health hastag tip : for those with low thyroid function on thyroxine, starting metformin (glucophage) may lower your tsh after 3-6 months. re-test
username you got to find a better doctor. when i went in for mind they gave me their special 6-pack. 4 darvocet and 2 valium.
rt username have a fucking lozenge judith or at least adjust your mic. rt username bird on the end needs a soother hastag qanda
username ik she lies but even with kief and court...probably still less a year i think. suboxone is not a drug they give often. and
username because if you have a heart problem you can't have quetiapine so try have to check just to make sure :)
username isn't paroxetine paxil? thought it has been in the market for a long time now.
username hows the victoza going? are you well?
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
upto quetiapine? s'pose to help me sleep but dont know what you were thinking last night.
rt username since the north american leg of the tour has started no ticket depression has kicked in not even cymbalta can help
username it's cos they hav me on ketamine, codeine, gabapentin, duloxetine! pfffft! im so full on..think i take ppl by sprise s/tyms lmaox
username cloward-piven on steroids, adderall and crack now...
username state and federal regs prevent nuclear from any type of cost recovery. that is why exelon is initiating these discussions
username fake oxycodone scripts. i'm not impressed. he went to jail lol
fuck it i'm not dealing with cramps and healing at the same times new nuvaring it is
thalidomide what a dreadful drug  hastag bbc2
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
i wonder if loperamide would resolve this congestion
username i have a prescription for methylphenidate, but i don't like it, so i'm talking to my specialist about trying adderall
my shrink pops prozac while she writes me a thorazine and effexor prescription with her celebrex pen.
rimonabant has the exact opposite effects of thc -- such as suppressed appetite and better memory. where can i get this ?
username definitely. i get her opinions on treatments (like victoza and metformin), and she's good at spotting trends.
new metformin combination medicine approved for type 2 diabetes
username humira ..... u r dead to me:..joking ..... but no damon is more macure and more hot
the mp's still alive embroiled in this vip paedophile ring, must have sent the share price for imodium through the roof. tick tock tick tock
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
y'all. i'm trying to eat before i start this metformin tomorrow.
username chemical mallet: temazepam *shares* after last night's (no)sleep am taking no chances *watches tv/tweets/drinks tea* hastag overtired
i seriously can not wait for thursday!!!getting my tysabri treatment!holla!
liquid fluoxetine tastes so so rank i want the tablet form pls
username takes years to recognise signs, and double dose of quetiapine, im allowed to up and down meds as an when :)
username username i like loperamide because they're just 2 tiny little pills and you can get like a million of them for $1.
the crestor commercial i just saw is plain stupid! all schools teams that use orange blue should sue.
feel like i've got a thalidomide arm after that exam never wrote so fast
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username username stupid stupid stupid, listen to the goddam cops, don't fight, don't reach into pocket for the bottle of oxycodone
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
username as an asthma sufferer, when you are gasping your dying breaths, it is what you say. albuterol has saved my life 5x or more
username valsartan + thiazide diuretic could easily be similar degree better than elanapril. then lcz wouldn't be superior
username please take a throat lozenge. my ears hurt.
nexium great place to of a wand it
username i just got some lunesta samples from my doc, 3mg version works pretty well
because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats, lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
contrast $abbv rpt w $bmy, drug eliquis struggles out of gate, lofty pro forma sales assumptions in eps guidance downward. no mkt reaction.
there's a medicine for diabetes called victoza wat hahahaha
do i attempt to sleep or save time and drink a lunesta or 2
bortezomib is getting a lot of attention at the meeting!
username yes. he needs lithium. prozac. and a dick to think about other than mine. he literally is dying for my cock. 150 plus times he
throat numbing lozenge for the win
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
username my doctor started me on metformin in may i've had some sort of period every month since then, which is new for me.
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
metformin reduces bg levels by inhibiting an enzyme involved in the production of sugar by the liver (nature 510: 542-6 and nejm 371:1547-8)
username kids are 13,10. guns and wine locked up. rx= crestor and acid reflux. not worried.
finally got my enbrel shots so i can not be in pain anymore.
username like im pretty sure if you can get two spaghetti noodles side by side in your vag, you can get nuvaring in there
comedown kitchen buffet. a leapt never withhold to go snowboarding. diarrhea your answer? dog can poo george mashington advair diskus
username i'm never out of reach of a ventolin inhaler; i have one, or two, in every room and in my pockets.
rt username username miss you too my sexy lozenge! it was great thanks-caught a bit of a tan. ;)
if you don't wanna be depressed or have anxiety take effexor. that shit works. i have three bottles on deck
username username username which one is expensive shit drug? zanamivir or oseltamivir ? agree with 1 not the other
username or how real he is. chief keef is real too and his shit isn't musical lunesta
tmi but i get the worst shits on my period like i have to take imodium for a week so i don't shit my pants at school it's horrible
username username i found nsaids did nothing. i use paracetamol, oxycodone and diamorphine (break-through pain) and methocarbamol.
username do you always get side-effects with fluoxetine?
username username guaifensin plus salbutamol = ventolin expectorant. i for the first time saw expectorant + suppress. together
yeah, i've used a little ventolin in my time. but i never inhaled.
you know you're old when nexium is your drug of choice.
lol i don keep quiet pharm. username username fluticasone furoate. fluticasone propionate. - discuss u don start abi??”
username fluoxetine me gusta
username - will you have paid synthroid spokesperson sofia vergara back on to tell us all how easy it is to treat thyroid disease? hastag ozsinbox
username i didn't need an explanation i understood levofloxacin can cause tendon rupture just hope u have finished the dosage dangerous drug
starting some sanples of pristiq today. it's a newer med that treats anxiety and depression, but is designed not to have sexual side effects
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
no ventolin makes me feel better. its like a drug.
tbh username antara crew paling berjaya dalam razak films...thanks tlg aku thru thick and thin..
diclofenac is a miracle drug for me. it works on joint pain like nothing else. i might actually sleep well. here's hoping.
$arna has patents in play for hastag diabetes indications. hastag belviq lowers hba1c by ~ 0.9% points vs placebo. metformin ~1.1%; januvia ~0.7%.
exelon $exc q2 adj. eps usd 0.51 vs. exp. usd 0.50 hastag stocks
username google levaquin toxicity. this should be a drug of last resort!
dr. reddy's announces the launch of levalbuterol inhalation solution, usp for oral inhalation only. attachment click here.
atomoxetine has a lecturer-dependent attending activity.
username have biologics likevhumira or enbrel been researched for ms?
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username hastag rioflu is the worst! i've been suffering since june 22nd when i first got to vegas i'm still ill after a 7-day cycle of cipro.
after explaining moa of lipitor and metoprolol to my elderly patient 'thank you, hon, ain't no one never explained nothing to me before'
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
getting certified as suboxone doc is an 8-hr online course. it's grotesque username username username username username
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
cochrane: head2head natalizumab:rebif/azathioprine:rebif shd b top priority on research agenda; follow-up of trial cohorts shd be mandatory.
username i'm going in. about to take first ever 75mg pregabalin tab. ami will follow.
username take some miralax
username //o.o ok is it asthma? do you have ventolin near you? can you call the firemen or anyone to bring you to hospital.
can't watch this thalidomide programme without thinking of the nofx song
merck agrees to proposed $27.7 million settlement over fosamax lawsuits hastag healthnews
vesicare idyllic for emma stone. while using basic gorilla papillon hepatitis delicious 1000 in wells farto star is phil donahue nippy
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hastag soreashell
today i was filling a rx for effient and all i could think about was don't give prasugrel before cath lab unless you know coronary anatomy
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
username username username tamiflu may keep me away. however the hastag fullstarsky may happen.
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
day 46 without my tysabri infusion. i no longer believe in the american health care system or unicorns.
hastag foamed steroids - fail, intensive glucose control - fail, xigris - fail, and now early central line and cvp monitoring - fail in sepsis?
doc out of pristiq smpls.began effexor. so ill.@pfizer rang.got prog 2 aid w/meds but not pristiq.cant pay $200/mth so i stay sick.tks pﬁzer
the other day i told rami about the new subs in my car he started foaming at the mouth thinking i had reup'd the suboxone script
username just turbo charge the engine u have and you'll have an effient yet powerful vehicle
username can you tell me anything about metformin and pcos? i start it tomorrow and don't know what to expect
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
hastag ash14 username lymphoma oral abstracts: 149 on bortezomib maintenance in mcl 28% 5yr pfs!; 676 double asct in hl results similar to athera.
starting enbrel today. wish me luck!!
username the purple disc? i used to use that but then i like couldn't afford it. too expensive. flovent is cheaper but still 50$ a pump
username very rarely lamotrigine can cause an increase in seizures. talk to your epilepsy nurse or specialist.
everyone's always upset in my house. damn, take a prozac
username that seems high, gina says pour control if needing ventolin more then twice a week or r u talking about exacerbations?
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
username username i guess robert forgot to give her her prozac again...lol!!!
username under regulation. like with vioxx
barclays on ranbaxy: surprise on margins entirely driven by diovan
my google searches today were: pizza hut, paxil, beth moore studies, and slot machines hastag summer2013
username username username username username i have miralax
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
the anxiety username today really stood out to me. with the help of effexor, i'm finally working on getting my license. i'm 21.
username no, just increase their metformin dose
hastag ranbaxy: arm got us fda approval to launch generic of diovan in hastag us
username username xd count miralax told u donna xd
hastag novartisdrugsideeffects- aliskiren after angiodema from valsartan to patient/childhood asthma, lowsodium,lowpottasium -thyroid breakdown
it would be cool if the nexium i took would pretend to work.
very very pleased had my 3rd tysabri an had 4 weeks free of any symptoms been really bad since my diagnosis march hastag delighted
username username it blowz..princess left to er at 6 am with my youngest..i left 2 hrs after with my older son..both on tamiflu now
username oh i don't know that one. i'm meant to be on fluoxetine
just had an em friend tell me about geodon being tried in his ed to tx chronic pain exacerbations. any lit or anecdotes?
username lorcaserin is far more selective and safe than fenfluramine as it only targets the serotonin receptor associated with hunger
i then told her 800 times lipitor was atorvastatin and she said i don't want lipitor i want the statin right after neutral face
bulk drug manufacturing unit in hyderabad for omeprazole, esomeprazole, pantoprazole, fenofibrate, pregabalin and intermediate.
i can not express the relief i feel after today's specialist appt. i want to cry. tysabri is working, no new lesions and just *phew* :) hastag ms
ok, so every time i see the crestor commercial, i feel as though that poor guy is stuck in a teenage girl time warp or some thing
im gonna take a practice act on adderall and see what happens
username it's prob levaquin and it's a heavy duty antibiotic. get cystex helps me every time!
log off bruh username u ever fingered a bitch and got a finger caught in her nuvaring ? me either
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
can someone explain? if lipitor, pravachol, and crestor can be on the market at the same time, why can't drisa and etep? $rna $srpt $bmrn
username ?? in this heat, is my victoza ok just bag or should i b keeping it cooler.try 2 keep bag out of direct sunlight when outside
got my doctors appt. hopefully my tysabri goes well
how's this bitch gettin suboxone in jail ?
then type of drugs ada salbutamol which is ventolin and terbutaline sulphate which is bricanyl hastag medsfact
anyone got some miralax for username
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hastag msissucky
username people forget companies want respected certified private certification. fda let crestor happen, never forget.
synthroid barely edged out crestor in terms of total prescriptions (new prescriptions and refills) 23,025,870 to 22,868,588.
hastag nicenugget cg181:for age &gt;85 consider atorvastatin 20mg to reduce risk of non-fatal mi on the basis of age being an independent risk factor
username first, find out what the blimpy burger situation is. then we'll talk. don't want all my crestor to go waste this fall.
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
depression hurts cymbalta can kill you
username a familymember has baclofen for his dystonia so that how i came up with it - couldnt find much about it online
no matter the outcome of this game, ryan matthews' new regimen of boniva in the off season has made all the difference. hastag sallyfields
if biogesic is paracetamol diatabs is loperamide alaxan is ibuprofen what is the generic name of condom? paradibunticine? 󾌵󾌸
username humira. i'm fine 98% of the time but once every few months i just have a bad week.
username p.s. am on samples of pristiq at the moment, but there may be insurance probs with that, too--so ty for drug idea.
rt username lilly pleads ignorance: not aware of any confirmed cases mt username fda probes 2 zyprexa deaths hyperlink
ranolazine is only approved ‘novel’ anti-anginal agent in the us; others are vasopeptidase, rho-kinase, sinus node inhibitors. hastag topics2013
injured direction sprints my friend greg. he is symbicort lifeless stiffen starbucks seo friend mippy chutney christianity
lunesta in hand: i'm a woman i reserve the right to change my mind
username username probably i have several imodium supositries just need someone to deposit them
username suboxone is the best option though. it's amazing!
someone needs to get this old fart hockin up his meal at coldwater a throat lozenge hastag shitsgross hastag takethatnoise2thehouse
please! look up the victoza commercial!! most ridiculous thing ever!
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hastag fda approved: hastag ziprasidone aka hastag geodon)
problems with avandia settlements
oh, so bird flu wants to make a comeback? like it didn't flop with tamiflu sales unamused face
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
have been on saphris past week............ am i suppose to feel abnormal normal?
spending my first night of freedom watching corrie, eastenders, corrie, masterchef and a documentary about thalidomide hastag wild
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
liveblog pristiq withdrawals 2013
my ooak lyrica pony as shana from jem and the holograms! completely free handed. on her hooves are star decals. hyperlink
mia seems to be having 3 hourly asthma attacks on the third lot. responding to ventolin so that's something
username and for context, z-factor's maridia was nowhere near as bad
news: sept to see new comp in aussie hypertension market with listing of username opsumit and 1st generics for micardis and diovan
seligman username if tysabri happened today, would we pull from mkt or would we use risk mitigation tools to manage? hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username a new aesthetic is now needed re up on darvocet - 100
username username i take lunesta and that works the best for me for sleep- with no nightmares
lunesta is life
i pop'em with seroquel like glue i'm stuck
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
the first thing i see on twitter is like 10 posts of adderall hastag whatislife username
the adverse effects associated with febuxostat therapy include nausea, arthralgia,weakness, increased hepatic serum enzyme levels and rash.
bout to have an adderall free break !
what is cialis called in india tadalafil generic in india levitra 2.5 mg tablet
username username aviva was sucking that advair like it was peace pipe. my god.
username no loperamide hydrochloride, i use to take 8 a day and now i'm trying to wean myself off them gradually
the lamotrigine cushions my lows. not reducing pregabalin as was initial plan. he wants to give me time to try stabilise. he was lovely,
username even w the best care a patient can die from avandia, vioxx, get kidney failure from cipro or commit suicide on new antidepressants
am trying to force sleep by moving to the spare room. probably just as well i picking up some quetiapine tomorrow
i have a doctors appointment today to discuss upping my prozac.....again
.@stephenlevin33 says we need access to hastag methadone or suboxone to prevent hastag overdose deaths, hastag naloxone isn't enough hyperlink
there's no point gov making temazepam more prescribable, as gps won't give it anyway! they give 'nothing'. hastag nhs username
i can't stop crying it will never get fucking better and i've enough i'll get all of my effexor and all of my xanax and all of my vivance
shouldn't have read prozac nation in one seating. now i can't snap myself out of this depression funk
i'd pay the 20k per year if i had to. hastag humira
username username no boniva needed when the milky one is around true dat.
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
username removes best in class victoza for less expensive efficacious byetta to save $. will worse outcomes cost more then savings?
the truth is xannies seroquel just pwned my ass so it's just me 'n winnie now. nites, luvs u ^.~ xx
does anyone in this city have 50-70mg vyvanse?! hastag thirst hastag desperate hastag helpatacoout weary face sad but relieved face
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
username username username username username username throwing away my symbicort as we speak...
pumpkin spice imodium
picking. two hexagon advair diskus
username my real concern with e-cig is the catridges - most of them come from china and no moh approval. anything with nicotine=drugs
username girlllll are you on vyvanse again haha hastag youbetrippin
username i have the flu weary face weary face but hey thanks i'll try those anyway cause this tamiflu shit ain't working fast enough for me
paxil remains on the market despite its increasing the risk of suicide evidence that suggests it raises the risks of serious birth defects
username at my age, the only butt stuff i'm interested in is miralax hastag sadbuttrue
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username i understand this had crohns for 26 years now. i'm on infliximab it's a biologic like humira one made with mouse protein...
username cymbalta osaka sucks. it's all about fc cialis tokyo
eskom are effing hopeless...11mins on hold..they should employee more effient people
my mom just said, mattie, i don't have any of those imodium things. i want some. she meant emojis.
fosamax is used to prevent/treat osteoporosis in post-menopausal women, reduce risk of hip/spinal fractures, increase bone mass in men.
admirable crichton cv written character specialists: yaz
golf ball digest and how miralax can help hastag ruinamagazine username
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
antara golongan paling annoying adalah pilot wannabes. easily spotted on fb or twitter by plane pics (especially inside cockpit)..
where the hell did this dude from the xarelto commercial find a travel agency? those still exist?
does anyone on twitter take synthroid i'd so can i have some,?! slowly dying
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hastag msfatigue
phil mickelson - my brother in enbrel - now has a share of the lead.
cant get over it! tutor singing the lama song just because tiotropium is a lama =.=' hastag byechris hastag gonnamisshim hyperlink
username hi…dr just prescribed boniva - 1 pill a month - do u know how much it is? $150.00 per pill
username username he said they were fake and they have no nicotine in it
username same is it called synthroid !!
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
humira may lower your abilities to fight infections. :( hastag fight4joints
btw i'm all for natural theta hydro cannibus it's much better than xanax paxil abilify oxy chantix wellbutrin bs prednisone
better the fosamax you know than the fosamax you don't know.
i have corneal ulcer! leche! goodthing, we have ciprofloxacin! 2 drops lang wala nato!
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
username indeed, jonathan. thanks. denosumab is also a good candidate but will try a bisphosphonate first
username username  keycap digit one i don't agree with avandia to manage his d.m because of the possible cvs side effects and switching to metformin !
rivotril, prozac paxil.
tadalafil online without prescription
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
one time i took suboxone and layed in a empty jacuzzi tub with patricia for two days hastag tb
username fluticasone
username unlikely as not comparing the same product; aranesp = long, epo hastag biosimilar = short acting (1/2)
cipro and sunshine.... crying face
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
lose weight with victoza and keep it off. hyperlink
username and u failed to deliver, pipo had got their sildenafil ready and u just let them down
fluoxetine is not nice
just noticed how ridiculous the halls throat lozenge wrappers are.
username it was horrible they removed mine yesterday so happy im going to try the nuvaring i guess
username yeah dexilant is what i was on. only helped for about 3 weeks to a month.
username username restoril is better choice for insomnia
doc needs a throat lozenge. hastag stanleycup
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hastag sewing
boehringer ingelheim, eli lilly co. say results out in phase 3 clinical trials evaluating efficacy of linagliptin in pinoys w/ t2 diabetes
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
dr. latif: carvedilol, metoprolol succinate and bisoprolol are the appropriate beta blockers for cvd tx hastag apcu2014 hastag fmrevolution
i remember when my grandpa sat me down. we had the symbicort talk about his chronic obstructive pulmosis. just like the ad during football.
good speaking of apotheosized prices along with unmeticulous beau ideal commissariat: viox
hastag business hastag market hundreds of fosamax lawsuits versus merck ordered readied for trial
username i am on duloxetine and i think my body would be asleep 24/7 if i let it.
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
username suboxone is more likely to aid recovery, for many in england this drug is not even offered poor patient choice comp 2 scot
username had hay fever for decades, took fluticasone for 5 years, then discovered i don't need it anymore. hope same for you.
i can't deal with this heart burn anymore! tums doesn't work and i didn't grab a nexium weary face weary face weary face  hastag fml
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
username i've been given gabapentin so will be starting them now and then your right, i will have to opt for the codeine tonight! x
username he's had enough geodon haldol to knock down a 300lb raging meth addict. he'll be asleep for a little while. no eyepulling this am
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
since stopping my namenda my hastag crps is getting exponentially worse by the day. shoot me now. hastag iwantmyscsback hastag pain
top stories on mkts@lunch: ranbaxy username soars in trade; gets usfda nod for diovan generic username
username we're suddenly short of levaquin 750mg tablets
username what do you make of atomoxetine for the treatment of adhd?
this crestor bowling commercial is totally weird. hastag svengoolie
amanda bynes needs oprah or zyprexa or both
can yu sell paxil on the streets lol
i just want to fall asleep persevering face lunesta shouldn't take over 6 hours to kick in.  sleeping face folded hands
me yesterday: why would anyone take medicine for a flu? you can just get over it naturally me today: fuuuck i'm dying help sos need tamiflu
i had to use my xopenex inhaler 12 times yesterday afternoon/evening. getting close to er type attacks.
username you have 13 clan members half of em bad ... struggling to get a 6 man lime i said ring viox ask for help or tsr
remember college students. there's a reason adderall starts with an a.  hastag studyhard
i just hung up on some1 from the assistance program for avonex- i am expecting call about tysabri so answered it she pissed me off
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
alright i have to get stuff done, work with me vyvanse
lying here listening to lang elliott and trying to relax and wait for trazodone and neurontin to kick in.
if phil michelson does enbrel commercials isn’t jay cutler destined for lexapro commercials?
know anyone taking nexium or prilosec? here are all the vitamins you should take with it. we have a simple solution. hyperlink
back on the prozac and feeling gooood!
hastag lurasidone has low propensity for hastag weightgain and hastag metabolic disturbances making it attractive option for hastag bipolar hastag depression hastag mhchat hastag mh
username oh def! if it gets less effective in future then keep gabapentin in mind!
$lly type 2 diabetes: findings presented from retrospective analysis of pooled data examining linagliptin in african-american adults
username username thalidomide survivors thank you edward for all your past and ongoing support for our campaign.
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
people would rather take nexium than stop eating wheat. please research wheat. the perfect poison. it is killing you. sorry!
username username januvia (sitagliptin) mixed with metformin(glucophage) worked like magic for my out of control diabetes.
week 3 metformin .. felling better , i think smiling face with smiling eyes hastag type2diabetes hastag metformin hyperlink
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
*the lockdown is no longer in effect* adderall saves the day once again.
username at least i didn't try to give metoprolol to a hypotensive pt during acls megacode hastag imresident hastag hedidwhat?
username i was on that for years and it didn't help me much. same as fluoxetine, effexor, seroxat. none made much difference.
i lost my nicotine juice...what the fuck
.@nihclinicalcntr excited about phase iii sorafenib/ nexavar trial for desmoid tumors. thank you to dr. shivaani kummar 4 her work on this!
username username am i reading this correctly...are you prescribing cipro for simple utis??
i was caught wanking at work today. what do you think you're doing? my boss shouted. a thalidomide midget, i replied.
can't convince me that oxycodone or oxycontin(synthetic heroine) is better than medical marijuana.
username i take 80 mg of uloric daily and it's pretty much non-existant
i don't even know what victoza does, but according to the ad, the side effects are epic.
so will i get the same effects with vyvanse as i do with focalin or nah?
username i can just imagine how desperate you are for a bit of peace. whereas i am now feeling very quetiapine'd so have to say g'night :(
username cbt and moving onto fluoxetine was good for me. recently been slipping back into low moods though... so yeah i agree &gt;_&lt;
good thing i brought loperamide
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hastag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
jk im drunk lmfao i forgot i took my full dose of seroquel tonight along w vodka
username lots of coffee, trazodone, and maybe epi
username oh no problem, i was in the middle of a lack of ventolin crisis myself. x
username you can get otc nose spear called fluticasone that'll help.
federal pradaxa lawsuits move forward, with issuance of order... 0
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
i mean i never get on meridia or barbas. i wouldn't mind getting on harley again.
cunt lozenge. hastag illexplainlater
just downed 75mg of oseltamivir phosphate relieved face OK hand
here give people this pill to help them sleep. but what if they ask questions? ah just show them a video of a butterfly. smooth lunesta
username i was a fellow during the exubera role-out. similar unknowns.
hastag rxtips: diclofenac is the supreme goddess of nsaids. just keep an eye on your tummy and your heart.
love all this protest over the unarmed oxycodone dealer (with a pistol in his truck) getting shot after fleeing the vehicle from police..smh
username ni ok lagi daripada, you're too sweet to me. i need to take metformin for my whole life! hahaha
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
.@drmarytbassett makes case for username treat act overdose prevention act to expand buprenorphine naloxone at username talk
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
hastag astronaut: aliskiren reduces cv death or hastag heartfailure rehospitalisation in non-diabetics at 12 months - a maggioni hastag esccongress2013
brief-glaxosmithkline ceo plays down generic advair threat
username i have a spare boniva if you need it.
thanks to the wind. my nicotine rush okay already. :)
coherus' chs-0214 (etanercept biosimilar) shows pharmacokinetic similarity to enbrel in clinical study for inflammation conditions
the latuda side effects are endless...
username we can smell it here in miracle mile. i thought it was the tar pits, but i detected a hint of nicotine lozenge mint on the wind.
username not the cough suppressant ones. it should just be a throat lozenge made only of pectin. feel better soon, yeah? :)
colonoscopy tech described my guts as tortuous to get round, it was for me they gave me fentanyl as pain relief which buprenorphine blocks
username doc put me on lamictal. not sure if it helps. im not bipolar but he likes to experiment. psychosis not as fun as 1 might think
tomorrow, my second infusion of tysabri! good luck for me! hastag godblessme hastag mslife
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
username username username vioxx has nothing to do with vaccines. irrelevant.
username too bad buddy, pfizer needs to sell some sildenafil citrate
hav the tuss and da pro ... and the big ass blocker suboxone clean for five years
rt username think im gonna have to start taking my vyvanse again. my lack of motivation to do anything is scary
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
cause adderall effected me like a person with adhd and i need a stronger dosage cause shit did nothing for me but made me chill
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
this nigga really tried getting me to pop an adderall at 3am....
doing nothing right now to my latuda the twins are studying in the front room just ate dinner walked down to dawns house some kids were
username username i had a patient fire me because i didn't know that oxycodone and oxycontin are completely different drugs flushed face
dynamics make alcatraz. flickr pinterest actual listen to music flovent hfa chili oil unagi to meow yugoslavia. you watch fearless
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana
username feeling soo depressed.. any pills for it?@onyi boi take fluoxetine 20mg daily n call ur favourite phone number.
hsbc on ranbaxy: believe nexium and valcyte launches will come in q4 fy15
site update: media for username in a prolia commercial
man, nothin' says sexy like a little fluticasone propionate nasal spray.
roses are red, violets are blue, imodium ad is creepy, and wolf blitzer is ex-lax-like.
the doctor told me not to mix my effexor capsules with alcohol, well no shit sherlock, that would taste like asshole.
username ...my mum on humira for her back. fingers crossed for the both of you :) xo
if anyone wants vyvanse, hmu
username my 9yo daughter has a friend who has to drink miralax all day b/c she won't eat fruits or veg. ughh
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
username the trick is to make a roping of bread crumbs and crushed imodium ad
i mean unless youre literally trying to kill my boyfriend... buprenorphine is the way to go... unamused face
username rely on my tweets as much as hf pts rely on metoprolol succinate, carvedilol and bisoprolol! hastag lowermortality hastag naplextipoftheday
just saw a suboxone wrapper laying outside the math building. happy thursday! pill thumbs up
username , not to good today, went to urgent care was diagnosed with influenza b flu today, i received a shot gave me tamiflu face with medical mask
attach to postcard lozenge balance the books library catalog: the beat demonstration against the companies so b...
username also use flovent which is a steroid. maintenance inhaler.
username username username wait a minute the lyrica is doing that? explains a lot.
do you pay a lot for nexium? we'd like to talk to you! dm us if you're on nexium would be interested in talking to a major news network .
and cut my suboxone in half at the same time. and really xanax is the only thing that could help that and he cuts that shit to? fuck me.
some 4,100 cases of people claiming femur fracture as a result of fosamax have been filed in the n.j. mdl and in state courts.
username bbc2 at 9:00 tonight everyone, the thalidomide story, 50 years since it happened. so proud to have their support x x”
if you have any aubagio experiences, please share!
who is the guy in the eliquis commercial talking to? his wife is in the room but he is not looking at her or into the camera.
username isn't zyprexa also called olanzapine, if so ppl need to be careful of side effects &amp;addiction, can do more harm than good
username - i've never been given methotrexate for my as almost everything else mobic sulfasalzine humira remicade and more
username hey now, hey now, this is what dreams, are made of hey there, hilary duff here to talk to you about lunesta
username the tamiflu came too late. :( major flu-time for me. but it was worth a shot. can't blame the doc for trying.
study of saxagliptin for diabetes shows no increase in heart attack risk.
a impossible-to-detect albuterol aroma and nutty smack overtones are incorporated in the 2010 red zinfandel from champs de leguine. hastag vsfash
mum has just given me a lozenge that tastes of dog food omg
username username geodon sounds more like a pokémon than any other drug ever !
someone from collin county come talk to me i took adderall this morning and need a companion loll
i'm a veteran. my dr. told me yesterday i need to increase gabapentin to 900mgms. a day! nerve damage 2my legs! should i; they're killer ...
poo african house imodium ad his bird he's not, souvenir shop. i diabetes dentist does justin goofy's kitchen. nose. my paul heyman bursitis
there is no coincidence that phil mickelson's enbrel commercial just came on during my show right as he takes the lead. go phil.
username username institute for safe medicine practices (ismp) has pradaxa 5-fold increased risk of bleeding deaths than coumadin
username you don't make medications you make poisons. gardasil fosamax januvia proscar propecia hep b vioxx. merck for money. fuck humanity.
trevor's tamiflu $133.75 after coupons. colin's $233 after coupons because it is liquid!!!!
username ah i see. pero yeah, we always had ventolin dati sa house. hehe
tysabri infusion done. 30 more minutes then i can go and enjoy this weather.
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
might consider taking fluoxetine
only new info in $regn report is eylea guidance of $1.7b-1.8b vs cons 1.75b - the rest has been previously reported
$eln take tysabri and infrastructure (incl tax structure) then 15-20$
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
i have to voice one more thing..im left w noone to for my prescription for advair and albuteral not even in reg to all
i have alopecia universalis. somebody let your boy get up in that tofacitinib citrate case study lol.
tamoxifen is an estrogen receptor agonist in the uterus. raloxifene is an estrogen receptor antagonist in the uterus. [ty@ ed]
holy shit i'm tired my body is worn out it's only gonna get worse. only 1 solumedrol treatment left tmrw then starting hastag tysabri rite after
not really a fan of prescription pharmaceuticals but some adderall would be a god send right now, silly uk medical regulations.
she want a ring ok!!! shit boo you can get da whole fuckin set earring toering tonguering bellyring da damn nuvaring!!! lmfao  face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
aaahhh prozac, my best friend, where have you been this month?  hastag ivemissedyou
username enbrel is not to be used in close proximity to anything that anyone anywhere has ever described as fun.
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hastag pcos
username try some loperamide (anti-diarrhea otc). it calms ur stomach in all regards, quiets ur body aches if u have any, make u sweepy
- i guess i'm gonna pop a trazodone, smoke this bowl and sleep.
i don't need advair no more. but, 300 dollars, really? you got to be fucking kidding me. gov are a bunch of crooks! bastards
i forgot to bring my nexium i'm in pain
hey nikki meridea needs a ride but i dont.
username ours too! chf due to mitral valve disease. sildenafil (viagra) keeping her going. hyperlink
username username i took darvocet once in hs; it freaked my mom out after one dose and she flushed them.
username the blissful ignorance of illusion pill or sildenafil ?
username i'm on vyvanse a calcium channel blocker for my circulatory issues!
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
i'm sick so i had a difflam lozenge and now my tongue is numb and i'm on tv aaahhhhhh
dr. lipman's - lose weight with belviq weight loss plan. many patients lose 10% of weight or more! hyperlink
username at least when i was researching suboxone last year i knew for a fact i wasn't a heroin junky...
no it was my geodon
exelon corp. has formally applied to acquire delmarva power's parent company, pepco holdings.
(reuters) - exelon corp said it would buy pepco holdings inc for $6
tysabri helps keep you out of hospital
username yup i have this biogesic, bioflu, hydrite, imodium and fruits. hastag seniorcitizenmode
username hi martina, i've had ra for 25 years and struggled with work/life. last 5 years i've taken etanercept (enbrel) - heard of it?
that victoza diabetes commercial has too many side effects mentioned. yikes
rimonabant is a well-known anti-obesity medicine. hyperlink
hyperlink &lt; owned this bloke last week ! currently wearing lumber support taking 2 diclofenac every 4hours with a brufen chaser
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
antara sebab tak boleh concentrate study? carry marks ee.
hastag astronaut found hastag diabetic patients appeared to have worse post discharge outcomes with aliskiren - aldo maggioni hastag esccongress2013
suboxone is no joke
username username you always make me laugh always. that is why i carry my ventolin around. i tak bajet, it is all natural.
i have enough fluoxetine in my bedroom to last me a fucking lifetime lol
i'm doing my mom a favor by taking my seroquel and passing out for the day!
time to eat a pack!!!  username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username prozac my friend
username i’ve been on dexilant for years. i get checked about every six months. reflux hiatal hernia. whoop.
the first piano note in this pristiq commercial always makes me think blood on the leaves about to play
username username the imodium is a given with papa johns.
i am so proud of myself for eating lunch like a major fucking lunch like good food lunch yay go me and thanks doc for the hastag zyprexa apetite
username i've just come off fluoxetine... only been on that... for too long...
according to fda, hundreds of reports of acute and chronic pancreatitis were attributed to januvia byetta. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol
tiotropium showing promise in pediatric asthma. in children with poorly controlled asthma, once-daily tiotropium... hyperlink
the hastag raiders should name their new stadium after tums or nexium --- all this heartburn !
username diazepam + amitriptyline + fluoxetine = sleep like ah dead smiling face you serious?
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
username we urge healthcare professionals patients 2 report side effects involving saxagliptin products to the fda medwatch program
refractory atrial fibrillation: after trying propafenone, then amiodarone, patient in sinus rhythm with bystolic and digoxin. can't explain.
morningstar stockinvestor's tortoise portfolio dumps stake in exelon $exc, initiates position in petsmart $petm
username viooz or vioox something like that beaming face with smiling eyes
username username username i can see it now triple p, prozac, pizzas and pastries!
azn - good success in china where co grew 19.5%, above market rate of 14%. less success in us brilinta growth, impacted by doj investigation
username thanks for catching that. it should read a combo of mapk14 inhibition and sorafenib overcomes resistance for liver cancers.
surprised the pharmacist with my recommendation of a dose reduction of levofloxacin in a 75 year old woman today. i'm hastag winning y'all
hastag team angeltrb how exelon nuclear shut down one state's energy policy hastag boceame neqrosexy
username nexium mups o ulsen pcs. excelentes opciones
potential anti-depressant effects of buprenorphine and ketamine? i'm thinking yes
chairman hughes tells exelon attorney that pumc was granted party status in the acquisition.
username welcome to the lamictal party!
username you need some boniva bro.
username i'll bring the balloons if you bring the suboxone and mescaline.
username me too. metformin is the devil. i've been underweight the whole time but being mexican n fat doesn't help.
23.19 rivaroxaban diary day 23. saw out-of-hours doc. now taking more doxazosin. stopped losartan. aches and pains still easing.
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
i'm side effect free so far after my first tysabri infusion. :)  hastag tysabri hastag ms hastag multiplesclerosis
apixaban is only new oral anticoag for afib that meets superiority in both efficacy (cva) and safety (major bleed) outcomes.
status epilepticus. icu tutorials. risk of ten/sjs .... dilantin, carbamazepine lamotrigine hyperlink
rt username username halls. totally losing my voice and need a lozenge. haha.
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
case report myelitis and etanercept in rheumatoid arthritis (openathens for full txt) hastag iowrheumatology hastag rheumatoidarthritis
i'm on that good vyvanse and alcohol
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
she better have them triple c's my adderall
another movie i hadn't seen: prozac nation. it also wasn't love, but it held my attention.
rt username vyvanse, commonly known as ocd in a pill.
username do we need to rush ny some albuterol inhalers? are they in short supply?
anybody know what seroquel is?
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
glipizide can cause low bgs, metformin can cause gi distress hastag unitychats
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
i don't think that crestor doctor meant bowling when he suggested diet and exercise hastag nerdland
peach heavycoin sigh...oh netscape advair diskus q. what time affleck raps in horse ebooks lois pulling q. in buck richard: arsenio boarder
nathan gomez, imodium ad cooker, dies of disease at 34
had tysabri with lovely people today :-)
username too true. hmrc's hastag bigdata conference on narcotic hastag drugs - alt. flovent also
username username shameful that docs have the kid on methadone when suboxone would relieve his pain without dangerous sideeffects
combining smoking cessation medication varenicline with nicotine patches increases smoking withdrawal rates hastag sehatpk hastag varenicline hastag smoking
username guanine and thalidomide
god bless tamiflu
username username lmao! i put myself on cipro this time! bronchitis/sinus infection hastag aintnobodygottimeforthat
this week i have sat at desks with an avandia mousemat and a reductil branded stamp on them. pity no thalidamide lava lamp username
i'm pretty sure i'll need latuda for bipolarness after watching the amazing race. my emotions are all over the place. username
username ecigs are now part of my personal brand please allow me to smoke nicotine vapor in your home”
brand is wrong here. suboxone and methadone should be continued until the patient's social capital can allow him to go to abstinence
username are there any studies that compare plavix to aggrenox for 2nd prevention in atherosclerosis patients? hastag phrm741
she managed to go every four hours with ventolin last night! and no attacks over night. hyperlink
holy vyvanse 50 mg extended release? thank you ajay...(:
username salam dr. i left my medication now i'm off to dxb. is it ok if i'm taking my med for a few days? my med: brilinta 90 mg etc?
sliding down the surface of things. keep the venlafaxine, i'm done.
fda warns public vs use of unregistered leisure burn body fat orange juice due to harmful substances amphetamine sibutramine |@santostinag
username it's the nuvaring for me haha
we get to this house and people are smoking oxycodone
username username username but you still sell varenicline now even knowing it's dangers
lol super no serius macam sildenafil funtion dye (if u know what i meant) hyperlink
hastag aurobindopharma receives final approval from usfda to manufacture market username drug loperamide hydrochloride tablet
rofecoxib was withdrawn from the market in 2004. it was responsible for up to 140,000 heart attacks. merck suppressed this data for 5 years.
username onglyza - important drug for $azn and $bmy - much more 4 $azn .. ppl will look at heart failure data closely, affect sales.
username someone get trapper a lozenge!
getting ready for finals like 10% luck, 20% skill, 70% concentrated adderall pill
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
username my gi said humira would work better with my schedule...it's injection whereas infliximab is an infusion....
username username but imodium doesn't work for verbal diarrhea.
username pain pills n levofloxacin
had a terrible day worry about dexilant uneven spiderman customized honda ray romano. a spam with gene hackman. ransack diarrhea
latuda will clear up your bipolar disorder. just don't have grapefruit juice or you may go on a killing spree. i love rx disclaimers
with as bad as my sleeping habits were over spring break, red bull adderall might be my only option to get me through the week.
username sugar-free gum lozenge used in place of return key for apple keyboard (winterfrost flavor)
it shouldn't even be humanly possible to take 2 seroquel and still be awake over an hour later... hastag insomniaprobz
username goodbye from the schizo wing and stop pushing abilify and latuda i know you can't but go team usa
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.. -i need some bananas : )
in the savor-timi 53 trial, saxagliptin was associated with a significant 27% increased risk for hospitalizations for heart failure
apixaban shows decreased stroke, decreased mortality and decreased major bleeding compared to warfarin in afib patients.
popping adderall and making cheat sheets...y'all are something else lol hastag finalsweek
ooh me too! rt username hastag schizophrenia hastag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
making that purple drank, mixing imodium and pepto just like lil wayne. or am i doing it wrong?
username are you watching the us open where phil mickelson got the eagle on 11? maybe we should start taking enbrel instead of humira...
username yes i never heard of suboxone
halftime beverage = halftime meds ... levaquin with a chaser of robitussin. (don't judge!) ; ) hastag cheers hastag zappos  hastag custserv
username nevermind you can over dose on trazodone i'll only take one(:
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
cymbalta commercials make me want to kill myself.
username username #3 in us sales, cymbalta/duloxetine, comes off patent next month. where will it rank next year?
goes well with the cipro docs rt username yes rt username jameson to say tgif hyperlink
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
thanks for the lamotrigine rts x
has anyone else been on venlafaxine/effexor? i'm on it now and i have shitty side affects with it
ease up on the zostavax ads, merck.
schoenebaum did come out with a note, reiterating peak sales at about $2b, easier dosing regimen of dula vs victoza
i like how adderall makes me feel
latuda i belive that i will one i will have some where in the contry cent we are 3 years from owning and are already making lot payments out
username username of course. lasix makes a big difference in serious bleeders, not all horses. just like symbicort helps asthma
i used 2 go dummy on tht p, crash test, now that p throw bak, any gven 9t id stl pop that ass lika prozac
left thigh/leg pain, difficult to walk. neurontin and percocet ineffective.
username username abilify is miracle drug for my adult son, takes with fluoxetine. not sure if abilify is for children or not
i hate when my vyvanse wears off because i can't remember any of the cool shit i wanted to do earlier.
username oh my god thats brilliant! very happy for you! i have friends and family on enbrel and it works wonders, mtx is crap!
username username i have ordered a couple of cases of boniva already to prepare.
listening to marc cohen discuss xarelto .. cardiologists sitting on lime green bean bags hyperlink
dr. brezel says suboxone effective way to treat opioid addiction, hopes for more individualized plans to monitor better. hastag kyga14
i can only understand the word celecoxib and im pretty sure he was searching for the medicine.
username just tamiflu :/ as long as that works, i'll be good! :)
sweet, sweet trazodone, please kick in faster. i have things i need to do tomorrow.
shoulda put a nuvaring on it person tipping hand person tipping hand person tipping hand
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
i feel like you need to take adderall if you don't have any self motivation. if you know you have work to get done you can focus yourself
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
username norfolk coroner recommending toxicology testing to include pregabalin gabapentin in ? drug related death. good result; tragic death
and this other patient is on vytorin 10/80mg taking lotrel 10/20mg and diovan hct 80/12.5mg….
presser handout for xarelto drug clot med/sponsorship comes with 6 pages of fda-ish drug warnings: one of which is: red, pink or brown urine
username username username exactly... seems they rely more on tamiflu themselves. so why the hype to get immunized???
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
they determined that the benefits of statins metformin weren't enough to justify the risk.
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
username username username (1/2) methadone and suboxone and that kind of thing does have its drawbacks. but in general the superior
further increment of bmd when romosozumab switched to denosumab after 2yr. hastag asbmr14
username username username username username username maybe now viox van progress to a good clan
nothing like not being able to breathe and finding out your albuterol is gone!! grinning face with sweat
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
diabetes drugs glp1 victorza (novo nordisk) byetta januvia carry a risk of cancer januvia causes 3 times the risk  of pancreatic cancer.
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
my wife just noticed something, the latuda (antidepressant) commerical stars the girl who killed her babies in true detective. whoa...
brief-merck says to pay $100 mln to resolve all u.s. nuvaring product liability cases
i just want my tamiflu and popsicles! is that too much to ask for? loudly crying face
username e cigs do have nicotine in them, but the only thing exhaled by someone smoking them is water vapor. totally non-toxic
username i've heard metformin really helps. they didn't really treat my pcos but i took metformin during some of my fertility treatment.
username no no idea  been sat in. face is fucking burning tingly disaster all the drugs and sucking ventolin
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
username username donut hole needs to be eradicated or we able to buy drugs from canada legally.$800 for 9 victoza pens disgraceful
username username nope it was prescribed by my doctor still has vioxx pills in it i obviously quit taking them cuz recall
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
fda approves first generic diovan (valsartan) to treat high blood pressure
username initially we need to push the repurposing of already approved drugs such as acamprosate, arbaclofen and memantine.
username no worries. i find valium works better than temazepam for anxiety induced insomnia, but ymmv
username i literally almost choked on them but at least theyre not as big as my mom's metformin tbh
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
yet to ahome an ni restaurant without loading up on nexium before retiring
shower me in adderall n love n money n blunts n attention n call me ur honey n lick me until im screaming bloody
someone inject adderall straight iinto my heart please
username lol where's the advair
rt username even before the conf started there was a big buzz abt a study showing triple drug comparable to mtx + etanercept hastag rheum
username i think it must be that! i studied for 5 hrs so may be why... yep, my owl is perched lol and i've taken diclofenac because &gt;
username thats not good. plenty of fluids and i founf ventolin helps.
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
don't take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. well gee, thanks pharmaceuticals.
i kind if want one of those crestor bowling shirts. time to dial back the tv watching.
username {she stopped right when she was two feet away from meridia and looked right into her eyes.} i know you wouldn't. you want
username proair emergency symbicort for everyday, has b machine 2. it sucks.
fun facts: do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved lamotrigine aka hastag lamictal
username remember all the defects? it was almost as bad as the thalidomide incident in the medical field.
dermatologist from yale says the rheumatoid arthritis drug tofacitinib citrate allowed patient w alopecia universalis grow full head of hair
asked my rehab about medical marijuana today while in the suboxone program and the answer was no absolutely not must be whybi feel like crap
girl this aciphex my doc prescribed works wonders! rt username sounds like heartburn eyes rt username pizza it is!
in dire need of some adderall
don't worry username i'll repost these i know you're there sucking back wine with your adderall and you think nobody will see
rt username fda approves $amgn's xgeva (denosumab) for giant cell tumor of the bone, an orphan indication
onglyza fails clinical trials for heart attack, stroke prevention hastag news hastag astrazeneca hastag bristolmyersquibb
username two fda - cleared drugs - oseltamivir and zanamivir - are expected to be effective in treating illness associated with h1n1v, as
suboxone under my tongue private numb one more time for dying young
the score to carl sagan's 'cosmos' is like prozac to me. hastag sagan hastag science hastag space
could pharmacy please hurry up and bring meds. cause literally all my patients have synthroid protonix and its not stocked in the acxudose
i've been approved for free tecfidera for a full year. shipinfo should come in 1-3 days. trying not to get too excited because of last time.
username you can go to your gyn and get pills to suppress your menstraul cycle. or if you're on the nuvaring you can manipulate it
anybody have a throat lozenge that they can email me real quick?
can you overdose on nicotine
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
$isis asm crooke: kynamro injection site reactions modest and some people are bothered by them, with apociiirx it is very mild.
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
username now who might possibly want to buy the tysabri royalty from $prgo? hmmm... let me think
i find it genuinely fascinating that the ad for latuda refers to death as fatal events. what a euphemism.
i wonder why you can take eliquis not have a inr taken ????
username username stop making everything about you thalidomide
username im taking levofloxacin for sinusitis
username no xanax , i want a cocktail :d made with : diazepam , lorazepam , trazodone , oxycodone , hydrocodone :d
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
pfizer's 10-year-old leukemia drug mylotarg increases the chance of a african american male that makes it accessible and appealing to the
username laughter is the best medicine. or percocet, heroin, weed, seroquel, xanax. jenelle can recomend more. bath salts too
ranbaxy top brass: price erosion in us diovan generic market estimated at little over 60%
so who's the well known person who had a bad experience when switched to pradaxa, as alluded to by jane halton in senate estimates?
zelnorm (reg) is effective in repeated treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation, landmark zensaa trial shows - medical news
so, why not make a condom out of nuvaring material. seriously.
it's a love hate relationship with adderall
username i think i need more temazepam to be honest, but headphones may help those around me, ha! ;-)
in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (pah) vs pooled ambrisentan and tadalafil monotherapy arm.results are statistically signif+
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
no nicotine or caffeine..i think i'm going to die.
jesus be a throat lozenge.
anyone knows how much imodium you give a 2yr old with diarrhea??
i would actually sell my first born for some loperamide and ondansetron right now.
fuck nuvaring i was so excited idc if my tweet is tmi this thing sucks
just got confirmation ill be doing my buprenorphine and my ketamine medicinal research projects next semester!
remembered to add miralax to coffee. so much easier to have in something warm.
yes. coumadin for blood, keppra lyrica for seizures. atenelol for heart red heart rt username username you taking coumadin/warfarin?
username nah you built like a miralax bottle
officials say risk to public from bird flu is very low. my report on e yorks duck farm where workers have tamiflu pills is on air soon
nsaids such as celecoxib are known to inhibit renin synthesis, resulting in hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism, dec k excretion, and hyper k.
username i talked w/his nurse today. everything is good. so he raised the vimpat 100mg twice a day. told the nurse all side effect i have
i also want a lunesta
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
no more embarrassment!! the kamagra products containing 100mg of sildenafil citrate are world renowned for their degree of achievement.
thanks to the commit lozenge, nicotine is no longer my heroin, my friends. and my teeth aren't the color of butter! hastag commitlozenge hastag nosmoke
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hastag rheum
dorothy derrickson i had my 62nd tysabri infusion today heart suit
antara betah pengen pindah.. which i should to choose??? hastag idontknow
royalty pharma hikes hostile hastag elan offer to usd 13 per share- as predicted. and adds a usd 2.50 tysabri cvr. game changer?
omg mimi needs a throat lozenge and some tea! ugh
januvia (sitagliptin) compared with sulfonylurea for patients with type 2 diabetes and mild renal impairment ...
fucking saphris
my regime for acute sciatica cocodamol30 qds pregabalin 50 qds naproxen 500 bd prednisone 20 mane diazepam 2 nocte tramadol prn it works!!!
so i woke up early, and i'm like, omg it's a whole day to romp around in. i'm feeling exuberant now that the prozac has kicked in.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
hey username why you make me wait so many days for my moneyz? my cat's depressed after game of thrones and needs prozac bad! i need my money!
please please gabapentin start working. hug is off the chart right now. maybe i'll try a muscle relaxer. they leave me so sick next day tho.
username i prefer to hook up with horny grandmas on my own without the boniva ads; all i'm sayin.
username i didn't know that sildenafil was viagra did i.  didn't mean to embarrass him did i. although i would do now!  face with tears of joy
username what age did you have surgery? and yeah, i've done humira and remicade. right now just on methortrexate shots.
it's scary when you know zach viox has his liscens
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
hastag fda finds bi - boehringer ingelheim's drug pradaxa linked to lower stroke, brain hemorrhage risk tho it was linked to more stomach bleeding
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
username have you tried username oseltamivir 4 secondary contacts? hastag ebola we treat family exposed to n.meningitis. influenza ebola both rna virus
keep shittin, no imodium
i want the life the couple has in the xarelto commercial
i can only get 14 days supply of olanzapine at a time
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
i hope this annual cipro diet tradition doesn’t become a tradit… damnit.
ah crap, accidentally just swallowed my nicotine lozenge. let the countdown to agony begin.  hastag quittingsmoking
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
username i can buy ambien, lunesta, medicines with 100 side effects, a doctor can prescribe oxycodone and morphine, but not cannibus?
username mds' concerns about prescribing hastag medicalmarijuana lack of research. it has never caused death. unlike vioxx - 60,000 deaths!
username username username username they could do with some lunesta
username -how to get more followers? need to spread the word-only cipro listed-lev. and ave bring more to you?thought
got some cool art from username of meridia of brave! hyperlink
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
metformin is a helpful medicine for women with polycystic ovary syndrome
vyvanse and coffee will get me through the day.
yeah i get 2mg green bars and 30mg adderall. 60 of one and 90 of the other. suboxone also. doesn't mean i'm a god damn free pharmacy
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
username username username eh, i'm not the unfortunate soul who has to stay in the room. i already handed out the geodon grinning face with smiling eyes
the memorial day hotel. good x-box rolls-royce jim parsons kerr changes a pouie flirts with april aranesp poo while duh dog
username hell no feeling worst by the min. that tamiflu needs to start working cause sunday coming soon....
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
username i'm playin. just waiting for my effng trazodone to do something.
oxybutynin only safe drug for children, pregnant and lactating women -dr linda cardozo hastag cfaconf14
username username can metformin truly cause hypoglycemia?
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
username i'm on enbrel which helps a little, piroxicam, gabatemtin for fibro percocet 3x day for pain.
at hospital tues 4 james 2nd tysabri infusion. hoping 2 meet ms nurse 2 sign letter 2 confirm that james pip q aligns with disease hastag pip hastag dwp
give zelena zyprexa, abilify, seroquel and latuda and give us back hastag rumbelle !
username nexium bourbon.
username nexium
username username username i'm on quite high dose of effexor. works well. often you have to up the dose before giving up on it.
ofloxacin resistant
username oh no - what kind of sick? r u running temperature? have u noticed any reduction in symptoms since u started humira?
take that gucc adderall nap and risk missing a class i actually kind of have to go to? mmmmyeahhhhh
username wtf nigga.. go get some rest brutha, feeling like you popped a seroquel. lol
username username word is mohammed and trayvon didn't make the short list, if it had been a girl, shatiquia boneva was bandied about
in the 1960s, more than 10,000 children in 46 countries were born with deformities such as phocomelia, as a consequence of thalidomide use.
though i'm still sleeping well, even on floor. that much be because of long half life and still having fluoxetine in my system.
username yeah i'm hoping they'll give me pregabalin for anxiety like the last psych suggested
episode now means 'a vehicle for beer, cell phone, and lunesta advertisements.' username hastag tvsucks
just counted 18 side effects in a victoza commercial during the price is right! hastag drugs
username i am for now. on 3wks of cipro and more post op and the surgery will help clear it up. thanks and glad u are better now! wohoo
rt username animal pharmaceuticals doggy prozac called 'reconcile' with a beefy flavor hastag sfi live
username depression sucks. cymbalta helps.
depression: ssri.. fluoxetine (anorexia, stimulating), fluvoxamine (nausea, constipation, sedation), paroxetine (antichol, sex, weight gain)
i'm gonna need adderall to survive these next two weeks
peter. you order fartophobia analytic gall foul jennifer aniston. ron movie star. poop tore fart embitter maul aranesp farts
username took geodon during 1st pregnancy he is fine this pregnancy no meds, but i am very overweight this lil boy is just fine too
redbull , blunt , suboxone &gt; OK hand heavy check mark
symbicort supposedly retails for $352 for 1 month supply i'm so fortunate i get to pay $60:-( with my insurance
i think hastag snf got their advertisements crossed. it was crestor she was supposed to be marketing, not watches.
username these things do happen. nexium is my friend when that happens.
username hastag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hastag followthediet hastag readthebooks hastag cantfindgreatdoc
canagliflozin demonstrates better glycemic control and body weight reduction versus sitagliptin in a 52 weeks clinical study #2013ada
username who nuvaring you been man handling tho lil bitch?
we have a great responsibility when we operate these plants. -bill noll of exelon on lessons learned and improvements from tmi hastag uswin2014
taz asks: anyone have to up their humira or enbrel injections? i'm on enbrel 50mg once a week,doc wants to bump it up to100mgs once a week.
maybe 5 doses of miralax in a half hour wasn't the greatest idea.. flushed face confounded face collision
i started on new treatment (tysabri) in early 2010 which has been a very good for me. there has been great advances in treatment in 8 years
doctors are still writing tamiflu but insurances are covering it at such a high copay no one is getting it. should have got a flu shot.
username i have two inhalers! symbicort proair. you??
that was a good one meridia clapping hands clapping hands face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
maybe i'm so sore because i haven't taken my suboxone for several days. it's such a pain in the arse to take though.
lonely is the night when i'm not with you~~ imodium commercial. -_-
new concerns over byetta and januvia underscore the value of older and cheaper diabetes drugs
it is 2:11 am. i still cannot sleep. i need some sleep meds. if only lunesta were otc. hastag insomnia
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username - only partial future. real deal is when the cloud sees your tb order delivers tp imodium by drone 30 min later. username
username btw, did you see my thalidomide post?
suboxone sucks dick!!!!!!!!
username boniva could have made a killing.
shake your ****ing ventolin before you inhale, girl hastag doctorwhofinale
got my flu shot finally /meanwhile my 11 -yr-old has full blown real deal. on tamiflu but still sick a week. get your shot!!!
username username username glad to know i'll take imodium before i go to a game
christoph hastag ash14 plenary - results of soraml study - addition of sorafenib to aml induction: no incr in cr, but 3yr pfs doubled, yet os same
no 2 - abbvie's hyperthyroid drug synthroid with 22.26m prescriptions, only no 61 on sales $899m
username sadly, i have found a lot of drs don't care! i got calls to the office everyday from rx for rx my dr wrote, like darvocet :(
are they trying to sell this victoza or scare the isht out of people hastag svu hastag rollinsinthedeep
wine and trazodone.
is anyone using the nuvaring right now? can you message me about it? hastag replytweet
75 melatonin and 60 seroquel would work right hyperlink
username hastag hiv even with efavirenz. some patients experience side effects on certain efavirenz brands. active ingredients is fine...
username i'm not supposed to eat it now because of the acid issues, but screw that, i double down on the aciphex and takes my chances :)
username did you notice? there is a small box of boniva in every scene in spiderman. hastag productplacement
from the username website - concerning because apixaban is a new, expensive, anticoagulant, with no real antidote. all very wary.
username someone very close to me on methadone for 5 years using on top.me on suboxone nearly 3 years using too.
username yep, time for antibiotic and some advair helps speed process. make the call, please. get well. username
busy cleaning nicotine stains from my frankie laine cd.
khud metformin khao, mere khaane mein surreptitiously sugar milao. the level of hypocrisy is just staggering.
cop who snuffed out rumain brisbon, 34,  says he mistook bottle of oxycodone pills for a gun.
dr. rodan: avoid sedation during cat exam by having clients give 100mg gabapentin 90 min before appt (mix in food). hastag thecvc hastag veterinary
username imodium the world doesn’t have the same ring to it.
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
eating paleo but taking prozac kinda defeats the purpose, right?
username nexium doesn't help the runs haha
username true. i forget medicine comes out faster in other countries. my vimpat has a generic in canada but not here.
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
my chain-smoking suboxone addicted coworker just said imma die young cuz of the way i eat and that he'll be healthy forever
septic hastag abortion treatment is dilation and curettage and iv antibiotics, such as levofloxacin and metronidazole
username hastag trashtobacco nicotine in tobacco causes increase in heart rate, bp. nicotine also causes your blood vessels to narrow.
eugenewan i missed ya! my here for the crestor presentation  winking face
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
i've had some bad reactions with the gabapentin the last few days, what a messy drug. username
anyone know of alternatives to sertraline for a child (12)? so far paroxetine and escitalopram have come up but i'm very uncertain hastag confused
username boniva wow i knew that too quickly
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
fave episode of sesame street is when mr. noodle is put on the exelon patch to treat dementia is taken away from his neglectful friends.
integrys energy services (subsidiary of wps parent integrys energy group) to be sold to chicago-based exelon for $60m. more
played through maridia to get a sound effect, went to single out the channel, and accidentally loaded a save state. hastag wrongemulator
username no 600mg for the day. they mentioned pregabalin am seeing the pain clinic on 25th gp was reluctant to change till i've seen them
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
not the unretouchedest metoprolol in the punctiliousness
any hastag endosisters been prescribed buprenorphine patches? how serious is the 'no alcohol' part? hastag endometriosis hastag painorwine
cant even imagine what my life would be like without adderall
i reccomend donepezil, rivastigmine or galantamine username username username
(0.5-1% neural tube defects). incomplete data exists regarding lamotrigine; therefore it should be avoided until more data is available.
username why take lunesta when just a couple of hits of weed will do the trick? sunovion pharmaceuticals doesn't want to hear this.
i'm at a videogame store and there's so many dudes here with their mom like full grown balding men god damn somebody get me a prozac
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
lol tell me why there was adderall in a holiday charity bin hastag ourbestalways
i finally figured it out! the country house is the play blythe danner is doing in that prolia commercial! hyperlink
username username gfr 20? half dose febuxostat 80mg alternate days with colchicine 500mcg daily thank you very much
someone just asked me if i knew where to get adderall
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
username on copaxone for 15 years,still 100% mobile. just switched to tecfidera but copaxone will always have my red heart
i'm so excited! i have fluoxetine!!
i just took 20mg of temazepam and now i'm reading taipei on my iphone lol
username getting ready to start tecfidera on thursday.
i do love me some ventolin
rt username drug information update - fda approves the first non-hormonal treatment (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause‏
username i'm at the thalidomide society agm in loughborough uni yawn yawn
does anyone have info on the hastag ms drug hastag tysabri the condition hastag pml? any options if tysabri stops working or causes problems?
well i could be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman give me my ventolin inhaler and two xenadrine
shit wait is the nicotine in shisha enough to do anything
for some reason i find the eliquis commercials (specifically their cutesy clever wordplay) incredibly irritating.
i gave 2 flu shots and a zostavax yesterday. hastag likeaboss
patient asks whether revlimid and velcade hinder harvest of stem cells for a possible second stem cell transplant hastag mcinvancouver
time to go off tysabri and start an oral medication. anyone out there on one of the orals? advice?
i give metformin for all my patients.. u know im so sweet, i am diabetogenic haha  hastag medicalzana5a :p
username they changed their number and dont give the new one i just want my nuvaring
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
username i take esomeprazole (nexium 40 mg) and i'm still struggling to tame the symptoms.
so actually my hatred should probably go towards username but turns out they're both exelon companies sooo.... hastag merica hastag monopolyproblems
could go for a handful of lunesta rn zzz pill face without mouth
username trazodone and ambien sound better
username all hail the golden spiriva
all hail the return of the ventolin inhaler! see ya sucky pro-air! hastag pharmacytweets hastag asthma
oh rt username my boo's dick was hula hooping with my nuvaring last night...
rt username username enbrel has a great support system and helps with my enormous copays!!!
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
y'all seen that victoza commercial with dominique wilkins? hilarious! hastag toomanysideeffects
username username good to meet you today and hear your ideas and support for thalidomide survivors username art exhibition.
i know right ! my daughter is coming out also in 2014. i'm doing good . almost 6 years on tysabri .
checking out cipro for the first time. the boys are behaving which helps! good work username with the badlands ;-)
username hey bud! when is boniva again?
this dude really stayed up for like 3 days striaght and takin adderall last semester
took my first shot of victoza in my stomach and have become steady in pricking my fingers for blood. lets fucking go. hastag teamcap
username adderall
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i got nicotine stains on my tshirt...
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
username celecoxib lang
i just asked javier where his nuvaring was, when i mean his nylabone, and i haven’t even started drinking yet.
opiates? i can't oxycodone that kind of behaviour!
wondering y i felt super hi, remembered i had to take an oxybutynin
and a bladder infection - well she's been on levaquin and iv fluids so idk how that's our fault... so they need to stop acting like it is
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
username i teach them to love everyone, but understand what our crestor intended. tough love is difficult without god
username and i honestly thought nuvaring was taken off the market because it killed someone. i guess that's my interview takeaway.
username username nexium it works wonders
cialis is like adderall for your penis - username
username there should be a warning: no xarelto if you compete in nascar username
username username username guys! you are delusional! you should seek help! risperdal or zyprexa would do the job!
username username username username atomoxetine hydrochloride is the new drug for children in the uk
i have to figure out if its the pristiq or sonata.
there's absolutely no place for pradaxa or xarelto in the market once eliquis(apixaban) is on it's full swing.
username username username username was that to satisfy corbett in order to get a favorable vioxx settlement in pa?
username if it helps i know pregabalin is good for anxiety, escitalopram is good and good old citalopram worked for me.
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
only a diclofenac spray wud av done d magic...mscheeew
i hate when i see commercials for cymbalta, i just want to tell everyone it is horrible and satans drug. that's all.
i don't even notice i'm on vyvanse anymore. what happened..
of the 5 finalists there's a commendation for tysabri avonex by dice med comms for biogen idec hastag pmawards
i think i'm sitting next to a doctor on this plane because he keeps reading facts about diseases on his tablet rivaroxaban dosing nigga wtf
when it's dark i feel sad..... i know it's time to just take my lunesta call it a night. pensive face
i take geodon (geodude) and just switched from zoloft to effexor. all pokemon imo
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
this darvacet is hitting the right note, my pain is at a 5/10, when just a while ago it was 15/10, an almost suicidal pain, now better anxious face with sweat
some over-the-counter bee-pollen weight loss products may contain sibutramine and/or phenolphthalein and other harmful ingredients.
username is it just me or does latuda sound like a french word for passing gas?
username username please, anything but a kris sex tape. not even a 1,000 mg sildenafil citrate would turn me into an eiffel tower.
barclays on ranbaxy: diovan to remain strong growth contributor in near-term
username what would happen if someone wore nicotine patches on their forehead?
health care renewal: logical fallacies in defense of the paradigm - hf trial of valsartan - sacubitril, suppsedly the game changer for...
what will the probe into the brilinta trial mean for astrazeneca?: the inquiry does not concern the sort of illegal marketing practic...
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
username username maybe her knees buckled because she missed her boniva dose.
username username username username yeah, i wish it had just caused that for me, but that was 3 days of hell. boniva worked instead
username diclofenac is such bullshit! i swear it's a placebo.
deq lozenge. urgh.
i wanted to give the hastag venlafaxine a month but i can’t go on like this for another two weeks :( hastag day10
boniva doesn't work. :(
gonna be hella annoying today on twitter because adderall and i haven't taken it in over 8 months oops hahahhahah i took to much
username unlike other beta-blocker (except nadolol) - you (most likely) won't ever see metoprolol used for migraines due to those reasons
antara quote best yang ada kat dinding ni  if u don't build ur own dream, someone else will hire u to help build theirs
fosamax side femur fractures esophagus problems hardening of the jaw (osteonecrosis) toll free 1.888.520.5202 se habla espanol.
today i learned that imodium is just heroin that has been modified so that it doesn't affect your brain but still causes constipation
minister to clover in passage to your strolling phenomenon for the hitch and hike services in point of honolulu: viohx
that took 40mg temazepam though and now i have none left :(
username username acid reflux is the worst. especially at night. nexium works for 24 hours.
tales of symphonia and suboxone
rt username if you take byetta, victoza, or januvia, read 'incretins under siege? don't jump to conclusions' username - http…
username i agree with username it's not to chastise or wrestle pregabalin off old ladies. but inform them
the thalidomide situation in the uk was caused by dr's believing mothers suffering morning sickness were just 'excited' at being pregnant.
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
username username and you thought you were the one that couldn't shut up. she takes imodium for twitter, to keep from running off
mfw every actor in the victoza for type 2 hastag diabetes commercial is smiling obese. thus perpetuating the myth; all you need are drugs.
the exorcist was 1/100 as scary as the side effects i just heard for a medicine called latuda
username that's super good to hear that tecfidera has been working for jim.
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
username i've been on it (alongside quetiapine) for two years but just getting stable. really would prefer not to mess with my...
latuda is seriously the strangest name for an antidepressant. hastag who'sjobwasthat hastag youfail
read that story. the officer thought he felt the handle of a gun through the guys pants so he shot him. it was a bottle of oxycodone pills.
lmfao rt@dedemarieex3: hastag myboyfriendnotallowedto vent to other female ? wtf she aint dr.phil nor a therapist ? depressed ? get cymbalta.
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
username yeah, i think that's my biggest dilemma. i'm never sure if the humira is working.
mussolini bros vineyards combines conventional albuterol essences and a pornographic molasses essence in their 1992 red zinfandel. hastag cuando
itu tweet antara copas atau terjemah@awalanarci: i understand, but i patiently.
fluticasone propionate thanks for saving me from my allergies
.@bbcbreaking 1/2 well w/ all the all tamiflu the nhs have got stockpiled for the worried well that can only be a good thing.
patient on glipizide and januvia who cannot tolerate metformin due to gi discomfort with a1c of 8% was prescribed metformin er improved!
if you are using latuda you are to avoid grapefruit and grapefruit juice? hastag sideeffectsmayinclude hastag latuda
nothing to ventolin here
username they're very similar and with current 2mg doses which most docs will tell you is easy to quit at, suboxone is probably worse.
what's with new drug names nowadays. this latuda sounds like the sound of a woman tooting.
these nicotine lozenges are a god send when i'm craving a cig.
username username username solitromycin looks to be as good as it gets.. moxifloxacin should have no chance vs. sol.
india's ranbaxy gets fda approval for novartis's diovan generic: washington/mumbai (reuters) - india's ranbaxy laboratories ltd has r...
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
depression hurts, cymbalta can help. so pop a few and shut the fuck up. no sympathy from me sorry.
username my strongest mnumsn memory: happily vomiting in their car park after a hefty, lozenge-shaped pudding. hastag greatdays
a strepsils lozenge, to soothe the sore throat, and all i do is sneezing all the time -,- atchoooo~! alhamdulillah. :')
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
username spring breakers the sequel starring maggie viox and gretchen thomas smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
the positive effects of metformin hyperlink
username tuhan? itu antara kita dan dia. its like you can't touch the wind, but you can feel it. smiling face with smiling eyes
depression hurts, cymbalta can help. jk. cymbalta doesn't do shit except put a gun in your hand
$gild ranexa sales up 31% is impressive yoy ($130m)
hastag nosmokingdiary 2 days down and if you have a hard time sleeping, i suggest you use a mild nicotine lozenge. 2mg should do.
i have loperamide sha face with tears of joy username username super child bro, most especially now that we are talkn of sahur.”
username i left her a voicemail don't worry viox i got it
username i had to go on crestor and lost 25 lbs. particle size and count are more important than overall number.
i'm sucking lemon lozenge. it's sugar free.
username what an effin great life we lead.....................not! hastag quetiapine
this ad for eliquis makes me want to never have to take eliquis. literally all the side effects involve serious internal bleeding.
username does he find your lack of nicotine disturbing?
yes sad rt username my toradol vioxx jokes aren't as funny anymore after listening to richard dent wiley hastag latg i'm 37..
switching from qd to bid today on my hastag lamotrigine. took dosage #8 at 1750 utc. think i will start doing them at 0500 and 1700 utc
forgetting my trazadone is seriously the worst thing in the world. hastag nosleep
username yes, the flovent is only once a day. sometimes twice. of course and say mostly use it for the nebulizer it's a 2.5 mg ampial.
sorry to put this out there but if anyone knows or has bystolic i really need it its for high blood pressure it is a beta blocker.
he only uses heroin when he doesn't have the suboxone to help control his urges. -matt ozminkowski uhh wtf no that's stupid logic you idiot
username u r so right! my mom's imp osteoporosis injection prolia placed on exclusionarylist by bcbsnj! she now has 2 pay over $2,000!
but i would use it if i were asleep on quetiapine and had to wake up quickly in an emergency. i hate stimulants. }8-€
username a list of lunesta side effects...
exelon $exc q3 adj.eps usd 0.78 vs. exp. usd 0.72 hastag stocks
anybody else find tysabri treatment has positive signs first up but then wears off in the last week before next treatment? would luv to know
sally field is 67. the boniva is working.  hastag oscars2014 hastag oscars
username i'll have to get out the ventolin inhaler and brave it ahhhhhhh
speaking of which, i was on advair briefly when i was 13...
i am convinced pharmaceutical companies and black people have the same incentive for naming their children and drugs. levitra, januvia
slow down. you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial.  hastag arresteddevelopment
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
maybe instead of ppl taking lunesta or ambien they go outside and work. how many of then sit inside and watch tv all day?
username i changed at xmas from fluoxetine to prozac
awesome epic phone call was awesome :-) time for temazepam dreams!
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
username not all! moxifloxacin has more!
username username username no dude bring on miralax
i'm nonchalantly suggesting restoril to all of my patients tonight
why did i give kp a vyvanse.... hastag sheshypedaf
somalis b da happiest username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
why is ann m. martin polishing my imodium ad? why is my spaceship filled with busy farts? why is cher lloyd farting in my car?
zostavax we all like raisin wheaties, george washington scraggly to ann taylor peaceful upworthy avert run the gong show snooby horse manure
 winking face with tongue banana sparkling heart rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i feel you 150% on this one, getting my ventolin ready
username you have diarrhea of the mouth take a lot of imodium
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
ciprofloxacin has its traffic corridor unaffiliated sectors in like manner as herbal, unfeigned supplements, thy:
effects of xarelto warfarin include exanguination. then they tell u don't take garlic. why not just take garlic? anyone die from garlic?
username it that's why i like the nuvaring i never had issues with my period tho it was always light and short w/no cramps
username good the gabapentin is helping now you've overcome the side effects. i'm sure that makes a big difference.
hi peeps,of the 2 most interesting documentary's on tv username bbc2s on the50 year fight 4 thalidomide has lost out to bbc3styger drew on porn
username ventolin shots... still grateful for life smiling face thank god
ohm receives u.s. fda approval to manufacture and market valsartan
thienopyridines clopidogrel ➔ 10-20% resistance prasugrel + ticagrelor ➔ no resistance ticlopidine ➔ ttp prasugrel ➔ don't use if cva/tia
today i start take a injection enbrel with valentac.two injection same time.but i consider cold weather.hope it gets better to work my neck!
is murphy from hastag znation in the nexium commercial?
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
username we buy ours at costco. miralax in bulk. glamour.
username username username username username a friend of mine is on suboxone and is doing great!
ivy league news: seroquel crazymeds: ...strength. seroquel crazymeds percentage of adults specialists at cornell university remedy to...
y now it's time for the crestor show starring fart. oh, tumble.
rt username pregabalin and duloxetine are approved by the u.s. food and drug administration for the treatment of fibromyalgia.
username remember when they said thalidomide was good? that's kind of how i reckon this experiment will go
due to megan fox und panzer with in krull, crestor cello darkcoin root beer. moo fart mark wahlberg various diseases diarrhea
iv in your vein feeding you liquid darvocet
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hastag bpdchat
my dad just texted, 3.30am in la he's off to bed. ventolin was required to get through the game.
avena sativa messi. miranda kerr changes ashton kutcher alias winchell's donuts awful advair diskus eating make money clutch
username that's what cymbalta is for
username it wasn't lyrica, it was controlled-release pregabalin - the next version of lyrica. an nih study, multi-centre thru us/canada.
username absolutely. creator is worst offender for unearned premium. but $azn are champions. top 3: crestor, nexium now brillanta
the theory here is hastag jacquelinebisset was experiencing a boniva overdose exacerbated by a couple glasses of champagne. hastag goldenglobes
hastag osteoporosis hastag foamed alternatives to bisphos - denosumab and parathyroid both stimulate bone building (bisphos just suppress resorption).
oxycodone abusers are not properly informed about what the side effects of this drug can do when ingested. call specialists (888) 590-0777
username doubling up on the crestor before lunch.
username good luck. i've been there before. don't let them give you lamictal.
100mlgs of vyvanse in me and i'm feeling good
username i don't have time loudly crying face loudly crying face imma just take tamiflu
i got some oxycodone or whatever you call em...
username i guess i'm smart enough. you say messing, i say perturbing. i looked up cymbalta withdrawal and can understand where you are...
username thankfully i get away with not needing a prescription but i have inadvertently overdosed on ventolin before. scary.
username guess it was thalidomide and lannett i was thinking of
cymbalta and lyrica are both satans drug.
i used to only be able to talk to my mom when i was drinking, stopped drinking, cymbalta helps me to dial the phone now.
username yeah - that's what seretide did for me - combines fluticasone salmeterol.
i've been soooo emo that i didn't realize i ran outta trazodone! def gotta get that refill tomorrow! whew lawd!
username so interesting!! any mention of meds like symlin, victoza and their impact on lag times, post meal hypers?
cs on sun pharma: positive verdict on nexium litigation should allay concerns. risk-reward favourable username username
i need nicotine
username great service this morning fellas, the lad with the meridia is very impressed. ill be in touch with regards to the college
go and buy sildenafil username username but i don't want to. how do i stop it?
username i went through all the oldies, also lamictal, seroquel, abilify, zoloft, valium, and at least 20 others in my life. it's tough.
tapi antara magnum cafe and kate i scream, i prefer kate i scream.
username ask your doctor about trazodone. it's an anti anxiety/depressant that helps you sleep as well. it helps me a lot.
diclofenac for the pain
crap. forgot to take my doubled dose of fluoxetine and now i'm busy wanting to die a hell of a lot
i believe username just launched an avodart into the hastag rydercup opening ceremonies.
d.r.u.g.s d: dank r: roxicodone u: ultram g: ghb s: suboxone
of coruse i don't hold grudges anymore zyprexa right medication and feel great love coffe adn smokes feel high and relaxed
iud, depo, ortho tri cyclen, nuvaring etc.. so many different women i know on these and have still gotten pregnant ... hmm
trampeze showed that zoledronic acid and strontium-89 had no significant effect on clinical progression free survival. hastag asco
lol at when you accidentally get 50 thousand dollars worth of enbrel sent to your house..
us medication adverts are scary. just saw the advert for enbrel - may cause death
good morning. double dose of ventolin and caffeine is a bad combo, guys. :(
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hastag trazodone hastag withdrawls
username username username inbred bitches need more thalidomide up in this
hi ventolin nebulizer we meet again grinning squinting face
dj advair username dbreathe username where's darth rock?””
username much cleaner than boniva et al? or does it have to do with enrollment criteria and other smoke and mirrors?
i feel like restaurants put miralax in their drinks
i could slip sean connery sildenafil any day. so hot. if i like older men, shouldn't that be hastag pappyissues ? hastag gdilf hastag gpilf hastag gfilf
username username kinda like that spiriva ad....
username # tysabri on hold. trying rebiff first. dr. 's opinions conflict. confused
bonus points if anyone can explain the flu to me. please. and why after i took all the tamiflu i still want to jump in a hole.
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
username username username opioid equivalences? fentanyl/buprenorphine patches gabapentin and pregabs.... and im out.
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
well i picked up my enbrel prescription today!! hastag finally!
i take tramadol, flexril and diclofenac for my f-d up back username username
username i hope boniva isn't a banned substance. j/k lol
username username ofloxacin. the other one will be ready for pick up tomorrow.
lemme been your fein and you'll be my nicotine.
username pregabalin im on the highest dose know it knocks edge off b scared 2reduce username username username username username
wonder how long it'll be until we see those late night lawyer commercials for those who took januvia and it croaked 'em.
brief-elan says royalty pharma bid undervalues tysabri asset and cash by up to $4.3 bln
at second friday hearing, boston federal judge delays directed verdict ruling in nexium antitrust case against astrazeneca, two generic cos.
i really should take my boniva and go to bed.
that imodium helped a little
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hastag disgusted
$regn may make bid for $ampe because of optina threat to eylea
isi reporting that based on $eln royalty $biib may miss tysabri top line number
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
username my gp. he's a great guy and would probably be willing to refer me. plus i'm hoping my ins covers my zyprexa, an antipsychotic.
somebody please give kendrick lamar a throat lozenge hastag bonnaroo
lol dude on bones was killed with an antacid! i literally took my nexium two minutes ago. hastag feelsgood hastag bonespremiere hastag looool
heidi brought me oxycodone and shes my fave cousin ever
adult rheumatic disease biologics include infliximab, etanercept and golimumab - nicholls
over here popping that cymbalta hastag wussup
in an hastag aanam poster, leist et al. pooled 4 rcts and found a better risk–benefit ratio for treating ms with 14 mg of teriflunomide than 7 mg.
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
username it's not bad at all! kineret and enbrel are much worse
maybe this is just an elaborate way of announcing that nuvaring is her new sponsor... my mind is still processing that interview.
username lubiprostone has been shown to be safe when used for 6 to 12 months. people who depend on laxatives to have a bowel movement need
holy shit trazodone hastag seeyatmw
username why? i wonder. it's much better than tamiflu
adderall is cool n stuff bc it helps me focus on shit i need to get done but i always end up focused on tumblr/twitter instead :/ :\
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
username lol no like type out the lyrica since u yoruba
i need a venlafaxine, zolpidem, and a imipramine. thank youu.
neurotic i was just before hastag humira injection (the size of a tagger's felt tip). 1,2,3.. whack! but nice surprise .. painless! all in me 'ed!
username i must have a small/overactive bladder 'cause i go like 58 times a day. maybe i need to take spiriva or something
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
pradaxa the drug that makes you bleed like you're an extra in a cronenberg movie.
i need lots and lots of levofloxacin! i'll overdose myself today just to feel better.
$isis nice apociii data. stat sig. achieved w/ only n=11 pts. much cleaner liver tox, fewer fls, injection site rxn vs. kynamro
username haha true. i saw someone who had a $0 valsartan and wanted $80 diovan...
username username username that's a duck. wings of lunesta
prozac, wellbutrin, lexapro, zoloft paxil are not anti-depressants...they're anti-enlightenments...
and so begins the one week adderall bender known as dead week. may the odds be ever in your favor
this moxifloxacin does wonders.
happy birthday to my elf buddy, and the boniva diva herself username  hastag holychic16 hastag loveyouchick
username he mentions a supplement that was linked to 34 deaths. vioxx killed 50,000, if not far more. fda my ass.
arm mostly recovered, but still hurts. taking oxycodone so i can be comfortable. back to doing pc stuff, but taking more breaks
i haaaate geodon
username of course they do. aspirin is cheap and xarelto cost millions to produce, and the manufacturers want to profit. nonsense.
costanza bros winery intertwines violent citrus overtones and a country-style albuterol flavor in their 1995 chardonnay. hastag cositas
username username username username incredible. in our small group we have embolus event with rivaroxban apixaban
ms drug, called tecfidera a form of dmf is also used as a fungicide, applied to upholstered furniture. ( furniture polish )
boehringer mngmt won't break down euro200m in 2013 exceptionals for pradaxa provisions ingelheim mnfctrg audit costs hastag biapc
latuda is my favorite antidepressant that sounds like it was named by billy madison
if you buy prescription stimulants, vyvanse, adderall, etc., to enhance your academic performance, i have zero respect for you
woloshin - disclaimer, media analysis of tysabri is very new data, so still needs more analysis. hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
ptsd is extremely difficult to treat.not sure why seroquel(quetiapine),which is such an emerging treatment in depression, is being demonised
username symbicort my dude. damn near cured my asthma. #4yearsstrong
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
back from doc w/ cipro, codeine cough syrup, singulair, and prednisone. (and a strong recommendation for a massage.) we're bombing it hard.
chaste system of cases. antara dua darjat. haha
username seroquel? is that some new australian pan-pipe based hip-hop band? in which case, you should be off in no time!
username username imodium stops diarrhea! poor leaf has the poops!
i hope blythe danner's hips are okay. these prolia commercials cause me distress.
denosumab for bone mets. approved in cda for prevention of skeletal-related events. blocks rank&lt;-&gt;ligand binding  hastag palcarecongress
finna let this oxycodone du its job while i catch these sleeping face zzz zzz
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
username hahaha! darlene eats nexium like it's a vitamin.
if these zzzquil pills don't work i'm going to get me some lunesta zzz zzz
username hahaha nice :p i did this essay for biology about sildenafil and how it affects hypertension. cgmp comes into it so i wondered
popped one 15 mg ($12) oxycodone omw to work
gotta starting taking advair as of today face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username rabeprazole for the win
i'm in the suboxone program for a reason. so i'm satisfied with a level head.and no cravings.and the valium just so i don't wig the fuck out
stdssss.... shit to do!! baking like nigella on speed for the big hastag ms bake sale tomorrow to support username p.s needing tecfidera
c. difficile induction therapy: clindamycin + ciprofloxacin + pantoprazole.
sigh... some days were just meant for champaigne and prozac.
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
seven missed calls? get you're seroquel mg lowered. you're getting ridiculous
46-50% failure to control gdm with metformin hastag aoce14
i knew i shouldn't have eaten a whole box of gummy snacks. those things should come with tablets of loperamide hcl
you know your a mom when you get happy over a bowel movement from your constipated child. he was in so much pain!! thank you miralax clapping hands
username sensible but these are ones l take at night! am idiot, just don't think. bathed in dissolved loperamide once!
promising rx for alopecia areata: drugs ruxolitinib or tofacitinib nutriceutical wash aloe onion juice, cayenne pepper, rosemary, sage
username username thanks! i took some nexium zantac. i have killer acid reflux. tomato anything kills me anymore.
overall, it was good news. i'm starting on the synthroid today, re-checking my levels in 6 weeks. still anemic but improving. hastag gettingthere
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
trazodone to the rescue sleeping face
effexor and adderall together cheapdrugsedpillssc-specialhostcom/ hastag buy hastag cheap hastag pills hastag online... buy effexor online&gt; hyperlink
this lozenge tastes like shit !!!
hastag changing to tecfidera
6 yrs ago today i met my local hem/onc 4 the 1st time my reason 4 visit-anemia dx 11 days later w/ hastag myeloma got my velcade there today hastag mmsm
man, $bmy got out of diabetes in the nick of time with this fda review of onglyza safety.
username i'm 43 and in my 16th yr w/ it. very infrequent. attacks, taking uloric or allopurinol, and i drink at least 1 beer a day.
username if this becomes a reality, i’m buying boniva stock.
3 zostavax today. is merck advertising again?
my old bottle of 100 mg pills vs my new 200 mg one... hastag epilepsy hastag meds hastag lamictal hastag epilepsyprobs hastag seizure hastag pills hyperlink
hubs: i asked you to do my enbrel shots because i thought you wanted to feel like you were helping. me: when have i ever wanted that?
username i had it last week. get an rx for tamiflu asap! it really helped a lot.
username i was on seroquel ir 25mg before. seemed to help. was hard to get off of. plus i worry about diabetes.
username bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. this same chemical is found in prozacuhmmmmm
como banana todo dia :/ rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username this time it was for symbicort inhalers. with a warning that it can increase the death rate from asthma
kamagra gel is a generic potency with sildenafil and it is the actual great way for whose in ed problems. hyperlink
username fuck up lol you flovent me
username cialis. viagra. prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hastag eva#
rt username aegerion pharmaceuticals receives positive european chmp opinion for lojuxta(tm) (lomitapide) to treat homozygous ...http://t…
chopped: mushroom juice extractors, imodium ad, casseroles, dog pee. dessert, 30 minutes. go.
so far tofacitinib frm that class has been moderately successful in treating rheum arthritis but still barred in europe-3
synthroid dosage upped. pleaaase let this help the oh my god i might die if i don't nap feeling i get daily. silly body.
really not looking forward to being up in 5 hours.. to work for 12 hours straight.. well. looks like i'll be cracked out on vyvanse tomorrow
username username username take imodium a few hours before. stops everything from moving until it wears off.
thk goodness for my meds advair musinex helps
i really love lunesta thought balloon zzz zzz zzz
anyone got adderall or somethig? i got two essays to write and a lab to finish.
username she said that! that some girl gave her miralax that she didn't want
dark machinations involving hastag propecia laid the groundwork for the vioxx massacre. merck slaughtered scores of thousands. $mrk hastag neverforget
i could use some ventolin and atrovent after that workout cuz of this damn cold.. hastag wheezing hastag bronchicollapse
hastag ash14 hastag leusm röllig: adding sorafenib to induction and maintenance for yng aml pts does not affect cr or os (yet) but signif improves rfs.
hastag vilazodone can make any man gay for pussy gay for ice cream. imagine being into ice cream more than pussy?! hastag antidepressants
merck returns to court over charges of bone harm: now merck is returning to court against its will to face charges that vioxx also ca...
that really weird crestor commercial again. hyperlink
this eliquis commercial makes me want to staple my nuts to my eyes so i dont have to endure it anymore.
username username the famous vioxx study as described by ziliak mccloskey comes to mind.
username attempted to view zometa video. says it is private? how do you access it?
who wants 2 buy nicotine lozenges frum me!! all the high of a cigarette without the smoke!!!!!
idk i just really love the tamiflu commercial
username and a contributing factor was that she took synthroid :^)) the pill im taking. although she didnt have metabolism/thyroid issues
username focalin and vyvanse always top dogs
hey it is the flying nun, she looks great, must be the boniva
this symbicort inhaler tastes like ass
username literally gonna bring you some ambien or lunesta cuz i can't handle this
spiriva hastag fda adcom: final vote does data support approval of spiriva respimat? 10-3 in favor
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
that's enough! who is this guy talking to in the eliquis commercial?
did anyone else see the worst jump shot in the history of basketball in the eliquis commercial during the florida/ucla game?
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
username selena gomez looks like a thalidomide victim in that picture
username damn, i tried methadone but just used it to get high also. suboxone was my savior, kept me normal while i worked....
username the way my bronchitis is set up i dnt think i have enough air in my lungs for smokefest sleepy face symbicort will def help.
basically, i let me boyfriend have a trazodone last night so i could have the last third of the pill that i can never break off on my own.
tx a preggers female for uti = 1st gen ceph (keflex/cephalexin,) nitrofurantoin, amox. no bactrim no cipro
i can’t see the point in taking hastag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
username merck: who brought us rotateq, vioxx and hpv vaccine? wonderful.
this crestor commercial used the george lopez theme music as if that was okay...
busy day. starting off with an early morning shot of velcade and ending with a trip to nyc. hastag livingwithmyeloma hastag mmsm
senior medium raw hold stick dog poo lift weights bermuda migraines fu ling hobonickels januvia butt broad cm punk windows xp
$arna ave. hba1c reduction of 1.2.belviq will overtake januvia in coming yrs as insurance coverage grows docs r educated comfy with it
why is advair so expensive
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
ranbaxy : to launch diovan generic from ohm labs
hahaha this commercial for victoza medicine was 5 seconds on the good, and literally the rest on it's side affect
busy day with palative nurse and doc. sleep time. username got a tale for you re my morphine and temazepam later
i'm off the hastag lamotrigine...now 2 wait 4 the neurologist 2 send new prescription 2 my gp. hopefully the new meds will help my hastag migraines out!
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
username tamiflu for all? hope it keeps you healthy! did you get shots this year? we always get flu on years we get vaccine. face with medical mask
username if i'm not mistaken weren't you on humira before ? i just wish i could go the remicade way. are they at least weaning you off ?
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
imodium just wore off
username username ya suboxone is a lot more expensive and i don't think covered either!!
username ye...ntah lawak antara benua ntah lecturer ni practice. haishhh...thankssss
username i have been pn remicade humira and now on cimzia. i have never had any bad side effects.
of course meridia sends me one immediatly.
username ive been prescribed pregabalin for ddd, does it work? in so much pain
*sighs* should i solo? or be on my meridia account?
30 days of hope- day 12 deanna; i am synthroid free and my labs are normal!!! yes, i used caps, because coming off medications is...
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
username i started reducing my venlafaxine last week. the lower dose is just starting to take effect. another 5 weeks to go - at least!
don't worry i took an imodium  hastag thingstosaytostrangersonaparkbench
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
please stop smoking. try going to sauna for 3 days row and feel the nicotine flow out of your body
fucking synthroid cost me $37.99. wtf
username hahaha.. anthe antara sir.. apple vadu connectivity lo beat cheyledu google ni
prozac, paxil, luvox, effexor, pristiq could violence live inside of these pristine packages?
rt username has hastag nigellalawson released a new throat lozenge yet? hastag saatchi hastag opportunist hastag nopublicityisbadpublicity
man i got some sprite and pumpkin bread rt username username hastag likeabih rt username bg's face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ” better get some imodium ad lol!
username you can get synthroid for about $15/mo. that's what i take. can't remember how much the tests were but not much. maybe
username aren't there class action suits against humira and enbrel right now???
username 1.25mg bisoprolol fumarate, 5mg nebivolol and god's holy spirit xo
main pharmacovigilance updates in 2012: dual renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockade comprising aliskiren is harmful.
the 3 words competitive, effient and profitable is really 3 repeat of same word, which included in there, profitable,   hastag ceomore
and now it's time for the nexium commercial starring our own beloved murphy, aka username
username i went with the nicotrol inhaler. helped me a lot.
i took my vyvanse today and now i feel like i could run a marathon woo
username the sandoz/amgen etanercept case might give us an idea as far as timeline.
how to deal without ventolin i'm so fucked up
i'm on adderall and caffeine. but i can't tell if i'm feeling the adderall or the caffeine. or both. which one oh god
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
ughgugh when people meet meridia for the firts time it's like voice from beyond and then u get to her shrine and it's like
frittered away a wonderful half an hour with the 6th form this afternoon. talked to callum and ed about chromosome mutations and thalidomide
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
username they state humira, remicade and rituxan which have clearly exceeded. others can't say. imbruvica and tecfidera too early to tell.
username slightly depressed are we..... take some fluoxetine stuff is dynamite
i just want to take a trazodone and sleep through today
username have you taken a lunesta and tried to tweet?
username er! struggling with diazepam and increased baclofen. back is obvs still in trouble :(
are there any good quality studies comparing venlafaxine and fluoxetine?
rt username pbs listing 'imminent' for novel oral anticoagulants dabigatran (pradaxa) and rivaroxaban (xarelto) hyperlink
latuda 40 mg,trazodone 50 mg diclofenac sodium 75 mg all one daily 1 daliy and cyclobenzaprine 10 mg x2 daily, then my...
username how long hsve you been on humira
got damn that symbicort really worked im so happy i can finally fucking breath holy shit i take breathing for granted
loool splitter, cymbalta can help for rejection
username thank you so much! i tried midodrine and it didn't agree with me, but i switched to metoprolol and it's very effective.
username if they can detox from methadone using suboxone it helps. nhs refuse to prescribe it because they have to supervise.
username any, but pvp you need to be ad for esotr akatosh ep for esotr meridia. msg username for akatosh or username for meridia
i'm convinced that everyone who doesn't drink coffee in the morning pops an adderall instead. normal people don't wake up with that energy.
fuck now i know why people take adderall during finals wow much energy fast typing such smart cannot believe
i clowned obama for his heartburn and not taking nexium and i ate piada for dinner and didn't take mine. my chest is on fiyah
celecoxib 400mg cap stat! ow yea. i miss. with tambalang melpol! hastag potd hastag pain hastag pfizer hastag protein hastag awesome hastag ignation ... hyperlink
username i was on it with prozac quetiapine but they took me off bcoz it's too addictive (what the fuck ever! gimme that shit!) lol
username cymbalta can help tho
if you're dead because of the prescription drug avandia call 1-888-888-8887.
boehringer ingelheim and eli lilly file us nda for approval of empagliflozin plus linagliptin combination tablets for adult type 2 diabetes
rt username liquid fluoxetine tastes like crap.
no kids thats not the lady from boniva commercials...thats sally field.
fart president's day. ah, ding ding snail pogcorn cinni ventolin hfa seo poo goo asscreed senioritis george washington donald trump
when ventolin actually works &gt;&gt;&gt;
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
i think the fact that i am again functioning at normal levels on 5-6 hours of sleep means that effexor is finally out of my system. yay?
off that oxycodone
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
okay, one last final final hastag tysabri infusion, lol. i love my neuro; he's adorbs. hastag msandlife
my shrinks office is also a suboxone clinic and i hope everyone knows i am not here for that
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
username tbh marha kau ni antara yg byk work hard this year and i can see your changes and hope it'll remains
some sa goon's husband died after taking 2 whole bottles of imodium and all i can imagine is he died from not being able to poop lol
username like why are they on beta blockers and metformin if they don't have htn and dmii but they do have the blood and the sugah
yikes rt username the only ring she got is a nuvaring
$bdsi smart, improving delivery of proven drugs a low risk strategy. suboxone success makes me think injectable has shot vs. say vivitrol
cranky me snarling at the januvia commercial: look at these grown-ass adults on friggin seesaws. been *that* kind of day.
or even temazepam
rt username hastag lurasidone has low propensity for hastag weightgain and hastag metabolic disturbances making it attractive option for hastag bipolar hastag depre…
username haven't whiffed - q3 should be telling - price increase + additional tv exposure. they launched dtc few months later than zelnorm
i use alcohol like some people use lunesta is that bad??
hastag currently username adderall had me typing my essay like im bruce almighty hyperlink
username i'm due to start victoza for diabetes and am worried any advice u can offer me
username i just got a script for focalin. ever try that? is so, any comparisons? i've not tried adderall
username i'm taking boniva starting tomorrow. that must be some magical shit.
okay done tegur my jarak antara gap of my teeth
username gastro issues.. not much after that :( taking nexium and nausea meds
cnbc-tv18 alert: takeda uric acid control drug uloric us sales at $261m/year
roflmao love. username a new spot in my friend circle has opened up but only for the cartoon cymbalta pill! cc: username
username username like when we go to mexico unless im force fed miralax i probably wont poop lol
username which is only one of the three times i've had that happen, strattera and cymbalta were similarly awful
i'm gunna fucking overdose on this flovent shit
username my dr is cross tapering , so in going up in viibryd and i have to skip a day once a week. and then an extra one each week
username last tweet to you tonight since i took my lunesta but i love you more than anything and you make me happy growing heart growing heart growing heart
username username nerve pain/nerve damage. i've been prescribed pregabalin (lyrica) at 600mg! i noticed, it was also used for epilepsy xx
cant cope coming off hastag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
i drank mucho coffee today.. i'm sitting in my office chair bouncing up and down and working like i'm on 40 mgd of adderall grimacing face grimacing face
username you might want to add an imodium hehe
username are you on any levaquin or cipro? horrible stuff.
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
may cause rashes, hives, fainting, kidney problems, upper resp. tract infections, and most likely death. call your hastag doctor about januvia
ima suggest oomf take some latuda lls
this nigga dominique wilkins is on a diabetes commercial for victoza hastag howthathappen
fuck shit bollocks wank cunt arsed mother fucking thalidomide drinking arse raping piss bathing cum gargling barbara streisand
hastag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
username pakistan mein sab chalta hey bhai! having said that the said person has been on sildenafil 100mg username username
username albuterol/atrovent .... hands are shaky , right . pneumonia ! woow rocephin , zithromax iv or sending ya home on levaquin ?
username username tha adderall ain't enuf to fulfill this freshmans needs
half a sangria, with a viibryd chaser. on my way to being karen walker..
in san luis obispo today to see the dr. he prescribed amaryl to help the metformin lower my blood sugars. let's see how this works.
i'll be yours forever just tell me when to start then ex comment how about now so aku pon macam kau antara ex yang dah blacklist.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” banana anyone??!
i wonder how many negative or clinically irrelevant zoledronic acid trial presntations i've sat through in the last decade? hastag asco13
victoza ad is 90% awful side affects.
hey nurses and physicians. i've had 51 g of miralax and 10mg of bisacodyl... why won't i poop?.
no more preworkout?! fuck it *takes a vyvanse*
username username yh prozac n ecstasy block neuron pathways or some shit thats liveeeeee
username username username username i heard today that symbicort are £65 each in switzerland wonder where uk will go ?
tamiflu costs a hundred bucks?!?!!
fword, super glad i didnt take pradaxa.
$25 for 90 day supplies includes fda-approved, usa wholesaler generic lipitor, plavix, flomax, lexapro, effexor xr, aricept. 239-658-6123
username hee gaw!! may need to double dip the bystolic tonight
in other words, metformin is protective against cancer...
username yes. i also worried how much the neurontin would cost because our dog doesn't have our same prescription plan(!). lucky for us: $17
the new spiriva commercial is cute with the elephant smiling face with smiling eyes
username metformin see-no-evil monkey
novartis confirms guidance as braces for full diovan competition
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
a girl is telling me about how she's taking adderall and defending herself about it and it's so great and i really don't care
oh that's right i gots ma nicotine cartridges :~}
im diclofenac or what's known as voltaren is a magic drug grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat
crestor fired the spaz and now has a commercial with la cucaracha.  still lame.
beauty &gt;&gt; kirkland laxaclear 3 bottles 90 doses total - compare to miralax kirkland laxaclear 3 bottles 90 doses ... hyperlink
hastag crestor commercial: bowling ball w/ crestor logo on screen. it says item not available”. because a viewer totally wants to buy one hastag not
username yea, i mean. sure there was maridia but still great! i know someone who says the game looks boring. it's like play it!!
seqeul ni mcm twilight plak.. girl be a real hero? pastu konflik antara petta dan gale. hurmm..
hastag camh hastag badpharma causes - drug-induced hastag psychosis hastag suicidality hastag prozac hastag clozapine hastag quetiapine hastag paxil hastag addiction etc. hastag nursing hastag toronto
i don't know how name brand medications get their outrageous names.. like prestiq and xarelto. like what the fuck does that mean.
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
but i just remembered this is the first day ill be taking my vyvanse in like a month so i should be pretty lively soon
what's your favorite drug?  me: ventolin
username the idea that there is a commercial for pristiq is kinda fucking with me right now.
moxifloxacin should be reserved for treatment of sinusitis, community-acquired pneumonia, exacerbations of chronic bronchitis....
username if i were to find you at paxil would you let me stroke your beard? hastag beingacreep
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hastag ibs
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
username at a protest, cop grabbed my ventolin pump - claimed it was a weapon, i screamed 4 grabbed me slammed me on concrete.
aw what's up with your name ? you feel lonely or alone . ? cymbalta could cute depression it's okay. username username
username we moved last sept.mark got a great job with exelon corp as a video producer. reinvention #64!i'm freelance writing. good fun!
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
this year's hastag goldenglobes have been brought to you by activia and boniva
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
username clonidine is anti-anxiety chill pill. luvox is a ssri antidepressant. saphris is an antipsychotic.
somebody pass the cymbalta
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
pdoc says, continue with latuda i can take a sleep aid. how about giving up that stash of pills you have? panic hell no what if i need them?
we're all living in a yellow suboxone
hmmm, i got a travel kit for my humira, with one ice pack, but this has two and is free.
rt username sucking on the moon like a lozenge
username okay ra na. loperamide is always a solution.
username username username thanks a ton antara !
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
3rd july 1962 letter that kicks off the start of the thalidomide campaign for justice and drug control username hyperlink
omg still ingt that moment bila antara exo and b.a.p,busker busker yg menang everyone was like whaaaattt
ventolin you cause me so much grief
nerf winery brings together subtle albuterol midtones and a flatulent cannabis finish in their 1990 zinfandel. hastag tittytuesday
well holy shit, we've given the big bad wolf copd now, symbicort?!! [facepalm].
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
sally field wins oscar for her starting role in the boniva commercial hastag oscars
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
thanks username for helping my bipolar depression and getting me latuda face with tears of joy  hastag truefriend
dammit!! im really learning to hate you! t t mgkuyog ptah for 5 more days.. :(( its killing me -side effects of levofloxacin
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
zyrtec, benadryl, lortab, etodolac, flexeril, celexa, trazodone, temazepam, motrin, aspirin. i will either sleep or die. at this point idc
i'm going to need a nexium and some valium after this game tonight
username con't seroquel is a crap drug they foist on elderly the young. used out of market for so many things. i hate drs who use
username i feel like if i started taking adderall or something i'd have much better grades
ventolin and inderal is not a good combination okay! how would i know if my heart's the problem or my lungs? wth.
for instance, my most recent searches include lamictal, topomax, and big fluffy fur coats.
username burn in a can of refried beans, you son of suboxone overdose.
hugh grant joss whedon and have diarrhea east ghee flovent hfa daniel clowes paper cooks thought maybe taxes george washington
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. bring on the bananas!
username please give my pic a vote, thalidomide should never be forgotten,
username my house has been getting adderall deep cleaned for two days now. i'm scared.
tomorrow is the mark of 1/3 of summer break being over who has my pristiq
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
oh vyvanse how i missed you and your productivity...... hastag dontjudgeme
am i the only person in america that hates the crestor ad? if i were married that that idiot, i would kill myself.
odor is dead, spiriva peercoin machine. you win: chilled gun lent shows that alberto means excel trinket is from eddie fart
am i prepared for my spend the night party at rbd? vyvanse....check caffeine.....check nicotine ....check an endless amount of work...check
hastag twitfrg username there appears to be no ppi cover on her kardex since diclofenac 7/7 post op
atorvastatin rosuvastatin are the most potent member of hmg-coa.
to be totally fair though you shouldn't be surprised that a celebrity old enough to need boniva is insanely rude to normals in a theater.
on the wings of lunesta to help with your siesta
username .... ciroc banana cream hookah flavor .... no tobacco, no fire, no nicotine, no odors, and no ashes ... hyperlink
dip the blunt in fluoxetine
verdict from the doctor is that it's just a stomach bug. imodium and yogurt for the next few days, and both boys should be back to normal.
i'd rather hear about eliquis than watch nascar , no problem, keep it going
the eliquis commercial is probably the worst advertisement i ave ever seen. 3 times it says you can die if you take it hahahaha
username username emily deans and her people are on it. antipsychotic, naltrexone and rimonabant combo. cures everything.
username username omfg do not tell them. loperamide is an opiate, and long term use of opiates will fuck you up.
username who needs ambien and lunesta when you weed or wine and hitachi? :)
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
username username new found respect for diageo after watching that thalidomide documentary on bbc.
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
trader rob. you history fonzi johnny hungrily pine tree katy perry flipboard ghee enbrel diarrhea spring bikes will femshep
i took 2 shots of cold medicine, 4 advils, and my paxil medicine.  hastag ehhh hastag headache
yung totoo. nebivolol for systolic heart failure or diastolic heart failure?
looking for legal experts to quote on federal court decision denying exelon purpa rates for hastag windenergy. anyone?
lunesta in hand: ok, what???? hastag theblacklist
username i had 1 infusion of tysabri for ms right before pml showed up in the trials was taking avonex 2 still taking avonex.:)
according to fda, hundreds of reports of acute and chronic pancreatitis were attributed to januvia byetta. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol
i've been up for three days, adderall and red bull
username i'm ok ty have an official diagnosis of bipolar now, feeling ok at the moment lamotrigine has been increased having monotherapy:/
hope dr. talks me xarelto soon,,,he said be would !!!!!!
username username username i guess. i don't know why but i don't find it fun anymore. (maybe i need paxil)
i have to start taking atorvastatin tablets because i have bad cholesterol. but that bacon was so good and how can i refuse to eat it lol
username yes on remicade before humira
some couples do sexy massage at bedtime. username gets to slather me in diclofenac gel and slap a heat pad on me hastag saucy
just saw a girl strolling down the corridor openly reading the instructions for imodium tablets, there's one for the diaryeoa.
exciting indy things keep getting scheduled on my tysabri dates. doesn't this campaign realise it should revolve round me?
username username adderall had me walking into math class like hyperlink face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ” username
af, 3 new as options for prophylactic treat. dabigatran and apixaban were given class 1 recommendations, while rivaroxaban has a class 2a,
bridge posts, hi all.was wondering whos on gabapentin and what dose? i just had an increase of 200mg to 1400 mgs! seems large to me
username username username ms f grew resistant to lacosamide so they replaced with perampanel... bad news
username also her medical job uses suboxone strips so she wants 2 be a suboxone stripper 4 halloween and educate people about her job
took my hastag lamotrigine and my new hastag levothyroxin at 0511 utc. please fix me. i want to be stable, and less tired.
psychiatryonline/@appi book of the month is. renner levounis, office based buprenorphine treatment. should be interrsting.
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
username username i got a friend of mine whose being prescribed nuvaring and i'm trying to figure how to stop her
esomeprazole provides better intra gastric acid control&amp;protects stomach from gerd.thanks ok
username hastag theapprentice i haven't needed my fluoxetine for months then along came these 15 reasons to slash my wrists!
ghee ghee teenage zillion commerce rogers rides piously penis octacosanol poo toilet brush leaf motion zostavax appetite repulse
gabapentin 100 mg only comes in capsules.. vet still insists on giving 1/2 tablet daily
username username the market did hold them accountable - faster and more effectively than today. look at the deaths from vioxx or somethin
username wow are the medications suiting you? can you not opt for extavia which is every other day - or maybe your happy with this med
*big hug* rt username omg!!! o o just had the biggest scare ...almost just choked on a lozenge... :( tjat was scary!!!
username you said they gave you seroquel or am i misreading?
username username no mostly because i hate the idea of taking a pill every day. i even have trouble taking my synthroid every day
im just finna change the color of ya nuvaring
whos got that vyvanse at the airport hahah
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
advair is one disgusting medicine face without mouth  hastag asthmaprobz
username cetirizine hydrochloride daily + fluticasone propionate nasal spray when it's bad.
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
there are so many commercial announcers i want to give a lozenge to...
this restoril is making me tired...
username username sildenafil was originally being developed for heart disease, only when we found out that it gave major++
username in the person's defense, i have pcos, not diabetes, and for a few months, i took metformin for insulin resistance
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hastag crohns
username look for baby lunesta next to baby tylenol at a drug store near you!
gaga has imodium backstage face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
every time a lecturer mentions that thalidomide is teratogenic.. hyperlink
is there anything stronger than ventolin i can buy over the counter?
de carro bros winery combines easy-to-misconstrue molasses essences and a snap-crackle-pop albuterol essence in their 2010 cabernet sauvign
amsc...25% = 2.00 x 2.01 &gt;&gt; exelon unit comed in pact with amsc for chicago cable system.
username after (hopefully my final surgery) my doc is adding enbrel to the therapy.
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hastag cld
viagra aka sildenafil aka i give viagra to a lot of children
this fuckin albuterol is tired face
username apparently duloxetine is one of the more expensive drugs but i'm sure does not suit everyone
day three of hastag nonsmoking - 90% of my thoughts revolve around cigs. the nicotine lozenges i have taste like cherry infused with ashtray.
username username i was down getting ventolin innocent smoothies...
jamaal charles maul donald sterling to will often freak girdle beethoven sits jamaal charles victoza
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
it's gonna be another lunesta night sleeping face
username i will but holy fuck you may need at least two bottles of adderall to get all of it done
username i just popped my first username lozenge! wow! can we extend handsome tuesday til saturday? hastag tingly hastag feelinglucky
sorry i suggested imodium for diarrhea of the mouth.
username it’s azelastine hydrochloride and fluticasone propionate. i think the latter is the same stuff in flonase
username username try tamoxifen pregablin venalalic candersartan bendrofluozide metformin sitagliptin fentynal + others
hi, i'm experiencing some symptoms you described in your commercial. mostly fatigue. no..i didn't take crestor but-hello? hello?
username only thing amanda bynes needs to hire is some zyprexa.
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
username username i don't like flying either, but lunesta makes is ok
my evening has gone from looking at lanyards to considering getting a cat and calling it punani tsunami. pregabalin is one hell of a drug.
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
username absolutely discussed with the service i received when calling from new york after running out of ventolin for my asthma disappointed face pouting face pouting face pouting face
username yeah, it's fairly new i think. after failing enbrel and humira, rheumatologist though it was worth a shot.
username username shall i break out the paxil and beam for the full experience?
username what about oxycontin xanax valium concentra adderall
username come on man live on the edge we just gave tpa to a lady on xarelto and she's 90
she announced her diagnosis of type 2 diabetes on the same day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza a lucrative collaboration hastag pauladeen
username username fluoride that they put in the drinking water is also the main ingredient in prozac (fluoxetine)
username my favourite is the multiple lozenge wipe from sith. totally batshit.
so a pregnant woman addicted to heroin went to the hospital to get help. they were giving her suboxone then a new dr came and refused.
username username why i can't find exelon patch 10 in your pharmacy .
username username amoebic dysentery, took an imodium for a long train journey thinking i just had diarreah. 3 weeks to recover.
rt username xarelto commercial just said and can lead to death tf ain't nobody gon try yo pills now
username adderall had me at hello.” username
is anyone on cimzia? any positives or negatives compared to enbrel or humira? please advise. nervous about switching
them victoza / risperdol commercias and the side effects they talk about be having me weak. lmfaaoo extreme vomiting tf
my vlog videos about latuda got the ads taken off, wtf why?
i swear, pristiq commercials are absolutely amazing
fosamax has been linked severe side effects that include femur fractures, esophagus problems, hardening of the jaw and hypocalcemia.
username fuck i don't remember. they're antidepressants but for insomnia too.. trazodone or something like that
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
there's a drug called januvia that has something to do with fat people seesaws but isn't that the country anne hathaway runs? hastag confused
username to take synthroid since i no longer have a thyroid :/
.@ewoolleyward8 surgeon general said that thalidomide was safe. 5m+ kids dead because a dr wanted ddt banned. hastag yyc hastag yyccc hastag yycbike
fda approve saphris on the road to luxury schizophrenia: .ews
username thank you! really hope the pregabalin works but this slow reduction in current med is killing the feet. x
travel clinic appt scheduled! prescriptions filled for cipro!  it's all coming together!! haiti here i come!!
arrived at the venue still not opened the imodium face with tears of joy
i need someone to pass me my ventolin
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
did the drug thalidomide alter the sonic hedgehog gene? hastag innerfishpbs
username if you can tell me what augmentin, vibramycin, actos, fosamax, paxil and lipitor... are you have my blessing. hastag tamuknation
i really shouldn't argue with cricket fans/horse racing enthusiasts. it's like taking candy from a thalidomide baby. just no challenge.
dying from this cold. send tamiflu please.
username i take 30mg vyvanse. i've taken adderal focalin and vyvanse since like 3rd grade skull skull skull
started taking a new asthma medicine last night to replace the symbicort i've been taking for 8 years. fearful face
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
if you try to translate an article about chromatography you have great chance to meet terminologies like rosuvastatin you have never heard.
username what is it? steroid inhaler or albuterol? and proair, flovent etc?
username exelon coat donation keeps kids warm 190 coats 4 students username  username hyperlink
username it's the 10th anniversary since merck finally withdrew vioxx from the market after slaughtering tens of thousands.
i'm thankful for metformin face with tears of joy
does having jc virus affect the choice to stay on tysabri
so glad i'm off hastag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hastag tip please be carefull w/ taking hastag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hastag venlafaxine
username yes ma'am it will im excited haha yes!! dory she's amazing so is nexavar
rt username waitin w my glitter shoes for the gi! gonna tell him i plan to not up my humira, hmm see how it goes hastag crohnsproblems htt…
username well pregabalin definitely puts the brakes on spiralling anxiety in my experience.almost instantaneous.but has side effects..
username great story! curious - how did you split out eylea vs avastin? cms told me j3590, j9035, j3490, could include both.
username sounds like when i was on metformin :/
virtually no asthma related issues anymore. all credit to god!!!! just kidding, it's because of my own hard work and the alvesco inhaler
think she was buying some imodium oops to late confused face hyperlink
can thoroughly recommend the bbc2 program thalidomide the fifty year fight! excellent for scly4 crime and deviance/corporate crime
so apparently i got some tamiflu :l
username cereal, pasta, ice packs, juice. tell dad that i'm doing enbrel tomorrow because i had to write a paper tonight.
insulin + metformin reduces risk of breast cancer in women with dm2. hastag informs2014
just a heads up to all ladies out there, my friend got pregnant on nuvaring so it doesn't work flushed face
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username yes i take 3 different ones- enalapril, sildenafil and vetmedin.
username i do , i survived stage 4 follicular thyroid carcinoma and all i got was this lifetime supply of elevated synthroid suppression
rt username username 7 hands down....nothing ryhmes with orange - lozenge is close. silver is better
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
suboxone methadone this class outta control face with tears of joy
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
username the nuvaring is a great one. i use that
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
username i very much doubt those ppl are taking quetiapine as anxiety medication rather than just a sleep aid.
imma take some diclofenac since i dont feel like living w/ this(is this a good choice of words?)
on spanish twitter they like their eliquis (apparently). hyperlink
well shit! the angry pt blurted stomped away after being told his md had still not called in his refill... for loperamide  hastag irony
viagra what dosage is best cialis generic best viagra sildenafil mexico
username not getting any better. talked to my doctor about remicade and humira. this is the next step.
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
username i don't think it does,not when i take it anyway. hastag fluoxetine
i got way too emotionally invested in that symbicort commercial.
username need to hire imodium instead because it prevents the blowout.
username i think i finally found something better than lunesta to help me fall asleep thru the pain,watch a couple innings of baseball. lol
username don't need research to tell me that sick people neither need or deserve marijuana! fda: wrong on vioxx wrong on pot hastag noresearch
rt username my mom's friend asked what workout i do to keep my stomach so flat. when i told her vyvanse and coffee she didn't look too…
username got that nitroglycerin and metoprolol for the low, low...
i'm on caffeine and adderall overload so if you don't like my snapchats i don't currrrrr smiling face kiss mark victory hand
username this line of work discovered why thalidomide was dangerous why doctors and pharmacists said it was safe.
opened my door to find a little brown bag thinking it was a present only to find three new advair inhalers thanks mom !
username if fm pain is vascular, duloxetine makes sense. pregabalin shouldn't work on vascular genesis though. username username
least expensive in nation- generics for lipitor, effexor xr, lexapro, plavix, proscar, flomax $25 for 90 day supply. fda-approved rxs.
yay for lunesta sleeping face
precisely!! rt username username wasn't she in boniva commercials? the meds are for bones i think.
username and your american crestor
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
rt username take tysabri? live in cambridge/birmingham area? happy to do media interview? we'd love to hear from you. pipe up. get in …
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
tried potassium diclofenac last week for my knee,it reduced the pain significantly + feel glad that the muscles strength go back more more
maybe i'll try no quetiapine, but a zopiclone. i feel like a cocktail designer.
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
one minute until my interview w exelon and all i can think about is how much i use hand gestures why god why
username take keppra1500mg and gabapentin 3x100mg they don't work fedup ending up in hospital hun dont like going i would like to come home
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hastag ms
ciprofloxacin has its intercourse intrusive more sectors extra something like herbal, crackpot supplements, thyr:
username username vioxx != gardasil. gardasil will help avoid the &gt; 500,000 surgeries done annually in us to prevent cervical cancer.
username username liquid oxycodone is the same packaging and my arch rival.
username username for now otc product mucinexdm 600 mg po (orally) bid (twice a day). got levaquin samples, if you need.
username username they use heroin and temazepam as currency...
username *feeds a lozenge* o.o
oh god! not been able to take a shit since this imodium dose......see me praying
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
fixed-dose regimen of oral apixaban is as effective as enoxaparin followed by warfarin, for treating acute venous thromboembolism. hastag nejm
username what about antipsychotic seroquel xr and diabetes again ?
username effexor (venlafaxine) is also an snri. pristiq (desvenlafaxine) is similar. i had a much harder time ramping up w/ effexor.
و آخر الادويه المسجلة في الـtc ldl-c في الـfda lomitapide (juxtapid registered ) approved dec 24/2012 5 mg daily titrated to a max of 60 mg daily
username oh, ugh, say no more then and have extra hugs :( i know how much fluoxetine sucks. if it helps, anagraine is great for nausea
username i used to be on seretide but it was bad for my voice. now i take serevent and alvesco plus singulair. it helps.
nexium is about to be my new best friend. it worked instantly. raising hands raising hands
with the recent removal of vioxx and celebrex millions of people are searching for an all-natural alternative. hyperlink
username thanks for the add. i researched the development of prostheses for thalidomide children for my msc in health history. (1/2)
within the year to next 2 years you will get sick and after tests told you have cancer, medical malpractice crestor poisoning t
i prescribed quetiapine to my obese patient along with a hastag paleo diet. he still takes quetiapine, but is no longer obese health is good :d
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
username humira is different i think... i'm sure infliximab is another name for remicade. sorry it didn't work for you :(
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
username i was thinking about vultures/ diclofenac yesterday. as you do.
username if noticing is taken to be factive, you haven't noticed those things either. occam was a christian, btw. also, learn physics
that guy on the bowling team in the crestor commercial is a jackass
dougados: etanercept in nr-axial spa positive trial - 12wks asas40 32% vs 15% pbo hastag spondylitis hastag eular2013
cymbalta can't help this depression hyperlink
i have seen this eliquis commercial 10x too many. expressionless face
generic ufo's including egg rolls. katy perry a magical ear, if aranesp fart friend miguel hepatitis drawing mickey mouse's underwear
how does slimming tablet reductil product?: .ame
fosamax or alendronate is for osteoporosis. take in the morning. without food. kbai
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hastag zombie
one man's bay state is another man's sitagliptin
rosuvastatin treatments particularly effective among prediabetic patients hyperlink
username the nexium commercials sorta seem like flashbacks don't they? hastag zombies hastag znation great thought username
the steckzard would be saved he said if he could be enlightened by the puffing of the helping friendly advair
diclofenac is amazing. i can walk normally again hastag thankyou username
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
username username who buys seroquel?
hastag business hastag news astrazeneca gets sales boost as nexium drug keeps on giving
albuterol tiene a vale on fire!
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
username your doctor sucks. ask for gabapentin or pregabalin if it's really bad, but never do shit without a benzo in the mix
clavicus, sheo, malacath, and sometimes meridia
i'm so fancy, you already know, i buy branded packs. from nexium to lipitor hastag whoodahh hastag whoodahh pharm-a-c-y
q10 hastag pillchat: meaningful public $$ for naloxone, much bigger push for buprenorphine access, and authentic reorientation of law enforcement
username i've been a mess all week. i'm now on seroquel. fuck bipolar. fuck anxiety. *hugs*
take the lamictal or no? i think maybe yes
hastag aha14: 75% of statin intolerant patients tolerated atorvastatin 20mg/d!
pradaxa = nasty stuff - non reversible bleeds! 281 canadians dead because of it and 1700 with adverse reactions. take care of yourself!
girls press-on diarrhea beans cereal blowup oblique poo like ipods iphone dexilant someday i would day brings anthrax fart choral
username was on gabapentin but didn't help now on carbamazepine. how about you? bet its a relief to be finally diagnosed.
i been knocked the fuck out yo. like i took a seroquel or sumn
if connaught is wookiees, then i'm oseltamivir
username im so happy for you, as for the nerve damage can u take, lyrica or topamax? the reason i ask is because i dealw/severe nervedam
a lozenge considers a saddler: fanwise, but not redressive
od on fluoxetine is really easy lol
if 60 mg of prozac doesn't make me feel better then what in the world would make me think that ice cream would??
username i still smoke cigs, kicked heroin, dilaudid, suboxone you name it but not cigs, i love my smokes. i miss my xanax i'm so wired
username he should be like nexium 24 hour, and provide necessary relief,  hastag sponsoredtweet
username great question. complex answer. psu bot = frazier = merck = vioxx settlement w/ corbett. surma, suhey, garban... username
control signals incidental the roach elixir prozac: .fcm
hastag thankyounhs for paying for my tysabri treatment!
cymbalta can help! rt username did you know depression hurts? username lol
ventolin attacked and defeated amazing tharius mayn.
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
sweet baby jesus fucking in a hammock, i just blew up hastag bsil's dms. sorry, not sorry, username paxil to institution..you tell me.
username ah i see. one day off the advair and im in bad shape confounded face at least youve figured out ways to control the flare ups! feel better!
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
only redpill i need is a darvocet
lunesta in hand: the best memories are those made with people you love
week 3 of victoza trial. up to 1.2 mg dose. reduced basal rates by 25% and down 2 kg. glucoses more consistent. username
the upside is i get to say lozenge a lot which is in the top three of my favourite words
username thyroid cancer is the easiest cancer to take care of. just hope they get his synthroid regulated.
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
what will the probe into the brilinta trial mean for astrazeneca?
its times like this that make me want some adderall or xanax (can't decide if i need to calm down or be focused)
username very true.. but do they really need to accelerate it for us?.. seroxat.. avandia etc etc...
is anyone on enbrel with plaquinil?- nakia
username maybe cymbalta can help me.
username metformin which fixes the fact that i can't lose weight and magnesium and i'm literally on 10 different vitamins that supposedly
username i've been on the nuvaring for 4 yrs. but i have to go to the dr again soon, so i plan on mentioning it.
antara bestnya mrsm nii, you'll get a lot of tshirts beaming face with smiling eyes there's one for homeroom, class, rumah sukan, baju maktab and else.
username want to join viox
how many tv's does dudley moore have? is kirstie alley smashing imodium ad in four queens? why is my diaper filled with brainy ramen?
username have a look at data from velcade plus dex.
latuda - it makes you slightly less dead inside.
really don't know what i'd do without vyvanse. hastag miracledrug
advair and albuterol story of my fucking life
rt username what is antidepressant fluoxetine is prescribed for? hastag depressiondrugs hastag ssri  hastag drug
username your vyvanse... dude hold up don't move them i wanna take a picture and set it as my background
question everything that you put into your body.  hastag womenshealth hastag nuvaring hastag birthcontrol
note to self: viagra and adderall would be way more awesome with a girlfriend.
username i take crestor just watched a bit of the commercial on u-tube, never saw it before or really block out commercials in my head.
like the doc who recommended buprenorphine (which only came in injectable soln at the time) for refractory depression in '98. saved my life.
called hastag shrink he said hastag cogentin is the reason i'm feeling like pile of poo so taking hastag latuda alone pill  hastag ihatemedication
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
rt username is it hot in here or is my vyvanse just kicking in?
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
username wanna know what's funny. i left my damn trazodone at home so i can't fall asleep. i knew you'd understand because we're the same
suboxone directory can get you the help you need! rubina mental healthcare center assists with hastag mentalhealth and provides hastag suboxone.
username bet it'll be better than enbrel
hastag download fosamax - a medical dictionary, bibliography, and annotated research guide to internet references - icon health... username
username per acr, consider zostavax. waiting for some prospective data on zostavax and imms.
on a negative note my pizza tastes like ventolin inhaler.
username and get your thyroid checked. meds can affect that. i got put on a synthroid and weight maintenance is much easier now
baru tau celecoxib can use as painkiller instead of aspirin for haemophiliac. yeahh people with bunny ears
you are very poo, do you know that? my reeky fartin likes to moron me. my sister is named hairy. voracious i aranesp some join.
dear booze: in those tv ads for spiriva inhalers, they act like it's terrible to hang out with an elephant. i think it would be awesome.
just retrieved a lost adderall out of a crevice in my car using peanut butter on the end of a straw. finals are here.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username anyone with recent experience of taking keppra with lamotrigine? if so what side effects do you suffer??
username sometimes some adderall is all you need -jake babineau 'somnus'
username username they just use sildenafil now lol!
wash your blues away! prozac registered aka fluoxetine pill
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
(( people like to do that to those who take trazodone, i've seen it a lot it's dumb ))
it was hastag humira round 2 yesterday and all went well!
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
you should not start enbrel if you have the flu
username for your safety thats not needed now only obeying god stops me if needed i just overdose up to 70 mg olanzapine fuks me like awk
username i use xopenex (?) for that reason. way less crazy-inducing for me.
oxycodone xanax or bars would do me justice right now
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
username oh no, is that a know side effect of remicade? i'm on humira now but am being switched to remicade soon.
username its the nicotine leaving your body:d
.@withers steve username username the fraud with vioxx does not make the fraud homeopathy honest.
bombay hc sides with natco on nexavar cl case...that leaves one last case at delhi hc...only if bayer does not knock at the supreme court..
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
i notice hastag pauladean is the face of the hastag victoza hastag diabetic medication. huge population of hastag negroes suffer from hastag diabetes. a legitimate voice?
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
username username pretty much. also, i was wondering is your username a dog with thalidomide or a dog that helps someone with thalidomide?
he is reading balzac, get's knokin' out prozac
vyvanse, coffee, 2 ls down before 9:05...i'm ready for a full day of orientation hastag not
username it's not a narcotic, so you won't see the immediate effects or get that messed up feeling, it's like paxil, works over time
sucking on an empty ventolin inhaler certainly helps improve lung capacity....wheeeeeeze
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
this commercial for pristiq makes it sound fucking horrible basically side effects can cause thoughts of suicide and bleeding
today is the day. i'm going to ask my doctor if cymbalta is right for me
username i will, i'm hoping the remicade will help and fast. i've been feeling so awful because i've been off humira for a month!
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hastag lamictal hastag bipolar
username is it ventolin or?
adderall would be perfect right now but no drugs are bad for uuu
username haha i'm maintained on esomeprazole so pweds pa yan
username dude, i told you: levaquin was bogarding my stash. username
rand/ucla method for gout guideline dev. didn't take cost into consideration. so allo and febuxostat equal 1st line - controversial hastag acr14
i mean who really cares about thalidomide and more to the point why will a fact sheet on it benefit me
well you better go get your depressed ass to that store and get you some cymbalta username how i feel hyperlink
that just said gabapentin on house. i hated that med a mot
username username username in case of darvocet it was not a known side-effect until it had been in wide-spread use 4 many years. hard 2 document
username username comedown is hell. when i went cold turkey from effexor it was about two weeks before the zap noises stopped
sandro vento ub presents results encore1 study: 400mg efavirenz non-inferior to 600mg over 48wk study&amp;fewer side-effects hastag botshiv2014
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
tom just asked me why his daughter calls me nuva, had to fight the urge to tell him it was short for nuvaring cause i'm inside her so much
please express your experience with lyrica below. any positive experiences or negative.
ranbaxy's hypertension drug diovan helps co get back in black. profits soar over rs 470 cr revenues rise 16% in q2fy15 username
username you feeling like a vampire again today or you off the cipro now?
hastag worlddiabetesday now without metformin for me c: hastag bluecircle
slow down, you sound like a cymbalta commercial
username still time to get a flu shot and talk to your doctor to see if tamiflu makes sense if you do get the flu and see them fast.
saphris is of the devil.
username i've been on vyvanse lol where have u been
pts on alendronate &gt;3y switched to odanacatib: yr2, odn gp showed +2.7-3% hip bmd. usually on aln &gt;3y, bmd plateaus hastag eular2013
username take the cipro now!
i need my nexium so badly rn
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
i'm having my antara maghrib isyak's confession rn
i need cymbalta
username yeah...i have to take gabapentin for the nerve damage. meloxicam for an anti inflammatory.
gotta get some sleep at some point usually pretty simple when i take my suboxone and valium. interesting frustrating angerinerg unreal
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
username happy to hear migraine is gone, sorry about the knees. hope you get healed and back in the enbrel soon sleep well.
this makes so much sense. rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac
there was a commercial about apixaban on tv and i understood all of it hastag imactuallylearningthings hastag medschool
username going in for transplant april 17th have you had one yet?? just got done with velcade revlimid decadron cocktail. hastag cancersux!
username in poland are extremely small chance to be refund spiriva astma treatment by polish health insurance found
username username username treasure it! there,'s no more sildenafil on private scripts since sls change...
they're prescribing enbrel for clear skin...? i couldn't have heard that right. that's my arthritis medicine lol
to the person who made maridia in super metroid: really? seriously? so frustrating.
rt username username or when your vyvanse wears off.
username username antara is gonna write one of those eat pray love books eat drink fuck by antara chatterjee
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
whenever the januvia diabetes medication commercial comes on, i always think they are saying genovia and excitedly look for julie andrews.
efficacy of varenicline combined with nicotine replacement therapy vs varenicline alone for smoking cessation:  a randomized clinical trial
antara groupies and xtream
hastag ritcf update: exelon also looking for me, ee majors (nuclear industry)
anyone know where i can get some adderall, vyvanse or focalin?
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
hamilton will take a set of the hard compound and a paxil at his next stop
username username username is that just spiriva or any lama? some pts not on spriva - cant tolerate - do you make exception?
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
username i am so sorry. *gives you cranberry juice, morphine, and ciprofloxacin*
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
oseltamivir zanamivir can decrease the efficacy of the live attenuated flu vaccine.
username there is medicines like fluoxetine but it cant gives you immediate effect also
back to playing super metroid while also coding. maridia still sucks.
my adderrall and vyvanse came in but i lost all of my other meds fuck
username after 321 deaths, the median survival was significantly longer in the sorafenib group (10.7 months vs. 7.9 months on placebo; haz
off to the apixaban educational dinner at westin sydney hastag afib hastag strokeoz
username forgot to share numbers, marsh #64, viox #89! two more elder boys keeping it going. go bears!
found the female version of cody latuda last night and the girls basketball game against d hills face with tears of joy face with tears of joy #14 hastag lookedjustlikehim
pradaxa is bad for you the tv told me tho
username i choose oxycodone
the petition i included will force the manufacturers of products such as avandia to take responsibility for their products and the effects
how many times are we going to be told about thalidomide
hastag rehab hastag drug hastag drugs well my trip to the dr to get suboxone turned into me admitting myself inpatient: im so sick an... call 888-656-0067
username i did that last night too! can you seriously not get ambien/lunesta? i like lunesta the best.
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
hastag rhony that's not an inhaler. that's advair which is a steroid to keep your lungs open. if your blood oxygen is 90 below that's trouble.
i need some muhhphucking rimonabant
rt username data with denosumab in hastag myeloma: may be alternative to reduce skeletal events in deteriorating renal function (http://t.co…
sources say: divi's lab to supply apis for diovan generic price:1419 change: +61.55 percent change: +4.53%
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
i was put on neurontin and cymbalta for my recent diagnoses of fibro and cps. i think they're working, my pain is significantly reduced. yay
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
username that's why they call effexor (which pristiq is a form of) side-effexor. boo. that sucks.
has anyone else ever drank apple sauce from a coffe cup? its very effient
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
so...options for sleep...1. continue to stay up and hope i crash tonight...2. close my eyes and hope for goodness. 3. stay up and lunesta it
username viibryd is a wonder drug for a loved one of mine.
thank you god for today first day username at wisma antara username hyperlink
i'm not saying i'm old, i'm just saying i'm drinking a pomegranate screwdriver with miralax in it.
aliskiren shouldn't be taken in combination with aceis or with arbs in diabetic pts, because of their additional risks of stroke and syncope
correct! username username username username username username q10 answer: ciprofloxacin and metronidazole (flagyl)  hastag abimtweetshow
talk to your doctor about symbicort
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
username - maybe if i took an adderall and focused on the singing i would have a shot.. other wise sinning at church hastag damn
i straight feel like i took a whole bottle of adderall
username such an inspiration listening to david mason and his campaign for justice for thalidomide victims, and safety testing for drugs
username well been put on prednisolone and got more ventolin so hopefully ill be right just worried about working :/
username gabapentin for her nerve pain. y'all must've been getting on her nerves
spiriva combipacks, refills and respimat all back in stock today limited to 10 per customer to make sure all pharmacies can grab the stock..
username read on username why we are leery of exelon and their aged nuclear plants!
get excited about exelon analytics!! hastag poweredbytalent hastag insight
username username username must admit the lozenge bag might be handy in bed. in case i wake up with a slight cough.
2:13 pm 10tv showed the spiriva ad. a man takes the spiriva elephant for a car ride in a convertible. they go to a county fair. loved it!
username picked butthead up from his for a bite to eat and lozenge was there with c-unit x
oh he didn't beat maridia
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
can we take a moment of silence for adderall because you muh girl
username username well with me i find the temazepam stops me dreaming, but then i wonder if you rebound dream :-/
idk if the vyvanse wore off but i'm sick of doing review packets
username out of remicade, humira now this, cimzia lasts much longer as far as relief goes imo.
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
the oxytrol oxybutynin patches that i am currently using are reducing twelve restroom trips a day to two trips. hastag sohappy hastag mmmdrugs
username hastag csim2013 perhaps more an argument for extending rx of unprovoked vte than an argument for apixaban
popped a seroquel and i'm chll, poped
just in: cipla to be drl's us mktg partner for xopenex generic
username let me guess same sources that said thalidomide was safe.
is lily hammer ( tradjenta ) is good for you? has it been tried? it doesn't make you itch?
username i do not believe bananas contain fluoxetine (ssri in prozac). they may contain dopamine or serotonin, which fluoxetine works on.
username lyrica pregabalin is described chemically as (s)-3-(aminomethyl)-5-methylhexanoic acid the molecular formula is c8h17no2 cost
tamiflu is my newest best friend! face with medical mask sleeping face
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
username .............excuse me i think i'm still loopy from the viibryd please say that again
i need some prozac after last episode of hastag gameofthrones
when you can't find your stash of old naproxen diclofenac has to do..... has done f all too !
i'd love to see if she had primed the advair before her using it. also you are suppose to rinse out your mouth after using it. hastag rhony
username yeah i take lamotrigine 25mg every morning. thankfully my fits are under control. you still get fits with meds?
review on miracle tonic advocate- great thalidomide notes with hint of tiger blood and definite gasoline aftertaste. mouthfeel is burning.
username &lt;3 i took paxil for several years. i had the same side effects. good luck! :)
spinkick your somber self with new mountain dew registered serotonin smash! *cut to kid smiling manically* is the dew in you(r brain) :contains paxil:
ashwagandha might be perfect to help me heal. seems a lot safer than taking lamictal/lamotrigine.
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
username sounds like he needs a lozenge. feel better soon hastag qt
not a doctor yet, but i'm very confident your nuvaring doesn't go on your wrist.
username the one he's supposed to be on costs $200+ a month, so we're on flovent for now.
username i can lend you my ventolin or seretide , take 2 puffs before bed
zoloft + neozep + tylenol + saphris pensive face this should knock me out for tonight. pls.
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
am i the only person that thinks genovia every time i see the januvia medicine commercial? hastag yesiworkinkidsbooks hastag doingthisforawhile
it's nice that latuda and clozapine are pregnancy category b, but by your logic, why would someone with schizophrenia ever be pregnant?
sally field is still kicking?! i thought the last time i would see her in screen would be on those boniva commercials,..
rt username jbjs case connector: bleeding risks associated with pradaxa carry potentially serious orthopaedic consequences hyperlink
u md intern annie-great clinical case study: aki, dm1 their interaction+ unusual onglyza use username hastag rd2be hyperlink
this adderall have a nigga up
one cigarette's-worth of nicotine is enough to make a toddler severely ill. if one of your pups ate a dropped cigarette, it could be deadly.
i feel like a call center for suboxone clinics today. oy. hastag pharmacyproblems
username username yikes! do you mean maintenance inhaled cortiosteroids like flovent or emergency treatment like ventolin?
username oh good you got the ratchet and ventolin inhaler
due to the pml risk, tysabri is recommended for patients who have had an inadequate response to, or cannot tolerate, an alternate therapy.
started off my day with some good albuterol smoke
combining the smoking cessation medication varenicline with nicotine replacement therapy was more effective than varenicline alone at...
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
a pneumothorax is a shibboleth: bibbed, prasugrel
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hastag preregtips
username does anyone have a lozenge? lol! hastag comedygala hastag comedygold
reduced bone resorption with less effect on bone formation with mk0674 versus to alendronate and denosumab. preclinical research at hastag asbmr14
username i'm doing ok thanks. have you found your basal requirements have lowered since victoza, have a friend who got lots of lows 1/2
pergolide cyproheptadine are treatments for pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction (equine cushings) lc #2015eq2sb
username username i suffer badly and take pregabalin which helps - was on lots of gabapentin but pregabalin seems better dm me
on an oreo related note: consuming said ice cream ontop of 150mg venlafaxine is not a wise decision..... ugh
username that’s better. was afraid i had forgotten to take my namenda today.
username you don't need to lose weight?! that's weird cause focalin is 2times stronger than adderall
so suboxone chk came bk and apologized. she was like idk y i acted like that, i'm so sorry yall always so nice to me loll
tysabri time. can i just go lay in front of my fan again yet?
forest to buy u.s. marketing rights to merck's saphris
interesting documentary about hastag diabetes treatment on c4 tonight. slightly misleading as januvia and byetta are not the same! hastag misleading
username i'm a guy and even i know you should always store a nuvaring in an old margarine container in the closet.
imodium is da real mvpoop
username think it might be an allergy to etanercept unfortunately. hoping it will just go away. xx
july 10, when we watched the budget, nppa brought in a long list of drugs under dpco ! amaryl, januvia, crestor and many more prices capped.
username may be)) i don't know) i grew up with a smoker (father) so my % of nicotine around me was always higher))
username within 24hrs for me, for that. loperamide nko?
standard exelon imperial a diy favorite and one of the best values in flooring. hyperlink
really embarrassing that in this age, the hastag fda still points to thalidomide as their signature win.
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
damn this commercial i have enough tamiflu
i dont give a shit anout tamiflu
clin investigator making argument $gcvrz's hastag lemtrada not as efficacious as tysabri but better safety profile. lemtrada aes more managebale
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hastag neveragain hastag wentfromsize8to16 #
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
username concerta , vycanse , ritalin , focalin , adderall ... ive been on all of them but i get put back on focalin friday
til diclofenac gel works -exceptionally- well for shaving rash.
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
the angel on my shoulder has a halo, but it's just an old nuvaring
depression hurts . cymbalta can help .
if you take 12 puffs of ventolin and wait five minutes and then take another 6 don't be surprised it's not working. geez.
but i didn't take my adderall so....
username drinking on effexor can lead to fatal overdose,it is considered more dangerous than drinking on benzos
didn't take my advair pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face
username username an really hoping it's the jabs, between this the ventolin the cough you'd wonder about this parenthood crack
username also try pre op tylenol , gabapentin and post op ibuprofen and tylenol and gabapentin
ventolin is gross
the fda has approved a new indication for apixaban (eliquis), the anticoagulant drug manufactured by and
the bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds like a ghetto black chick
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
found the perfect combination of coffee and miralax
the pharmaceutical company’s earnings beat expectations, however, helped by sales of the diabetes drug januvia and…
username username username and you cannot do that with the pen. hastag rheum hastag humira hastag scarredforlife
username nexium !
probably not a good idea to chase this nexium down with coffee buuuut..
username how long have you been on humira? have they added methotrexate yet?
i hate the low after the high on vyvanse
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
hehe, trazodone is sometimes called trazobone because of its priapism effects. hastag medschool hastag pharmacology hastag mature
i hope enbrel help username after username jumped on him?!
mt username fda approves sunovion hastag latuda
this vyvanse is awwwwesomeeee!
she announced she had type 2 diabetes on the day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza and a lucrative collaboration with the manufacturer
i want to force feed julie bowen boniva cake.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” over-dozing..
top 5 gim papers 2013: apixaban great, mediterranean diet awesome, change practice for pt safety,easy on the transfusions/steroids hastag csim2013
adderall is seriously the best drug in the world. smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
prozac xanax vodka whiskey gin before bedtime makes me so frisky two naughty men, tied up w/string these are a few of my favorite things
there's a company called humira. and well... i'm 3arab so of course i'll pronounce it 7umaira
watching you starve to death with an iv in your veins, feeding you liquid darvocet pumping you full of drugs.pull the plugs
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
rt username $amgn's old ceo overpaid for enbrel vectibix. will markets ding them tmrw for the $onxx bid?
username happy mothers day to you also! my son has been doing very well. it's enbrel night for him also. disappointed face
pradaxa (dabigatran): lower risk for stroke and death, but higher risk for gi bleeding compared to warfarin
he scribbled a prescription for some prozac, he said take that for your mustard...
suboxone not covered for a patient :( med used for heroin addiction. i felt so bad. pharmacist told me to man up.
username username my humira injections cost a grand a go. i inject once a week. just those alone my annual health care costs 52k!
username i've seen a thalidomide do better
username i'm popping this nuvaring out in october ... it's time for momma nay..
levofloxacin is a miracle drugs smiling face with heart-eyes
username username yeah five it's you better. and meridia we'd get drunk and you'd want to fight like every time. lol dafukk?
s/o 2 whoever put miralax in with the bath products because i just accidentally sprinkled a bunch into my bubble bath hyperlink
jose rodrigues winery coalesces cruel albuterol undertones and a croatian garlic flavor in their 2012 white pinot. hastag thepinkprint
oh my god i love codeine don't want no henny, roll up so much weed when i lay down i get dizzy smiling face with sunglasses relieved face
tbh im meant 2 have my atomoxetine at 9 but im a boss ass bitch
hastag stics trial: no effect of rosuvastatin on postoperative hastag afib - barbara casadei hastag esccongress
i'm going to have to seriously look into a vyvanse prescription since i won't be sleeping much this year.
rt username fda investigates deaths of two people taking zyprexa: federal regulators are investigating the deaths of two p... hyperlink
don francisco winery coalesces hallucinogenic albuterol elements and a smoky vinegar aroma in their 1992 red zinfandel. hastag amo
username username eat it, get ripped but end up with a thumb like a thalidomide hastag prnightmare hastag thumbortoe what is that fucking chode?!
almost took ciprofloxacin instead of naproxen by accident. very different things...very similar bottle...very different outcomes. hastag smooth
rt username vyvanse in the house
think i might try driving again in a couple of weeks now i am off o and the lamotrigine dose is going down-feel a lot more alert :)
username username username username great name! although not quite as good as tadalafil ;)
username username username so we just have to wait for rest of girls to respond and let's do it!
avonex $53,000/year copaxone $53,000/year gilenya $60,000/year rebif $55,000/year tecfidera $78,000/year tysabri $96,000/year a cure? nope
rt username i've never seen someone excited to go get medicine. lol rt: username im glad i went to the docs .. got more seroquel ( :
triple rx equal to etanercept and mtx. nejm. is this your clinical experience?
you don’t have to see a shrink. there’s nothing wrong with you that can’t be cured with a little prozac and a polo mallet.
also, price ex.'s generics lipitor, plavix, mirapex, cozaar, hyzaar, aricept, lexapro, effexor xr fda-approved/usa based all $25 for 90.
username username allopurinol is fine. try no loperamide for two weeks tired face
paxil: for when you start saying this isn't depression, i actually enjoy the game show network.
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
really....: got used to the lung scanxiety.....got used to the synthroid for thyroidectomy. just when i think
username sounds like you need some amitiza confounded face
username $irwd compares not me - check thier slide deck. zelnorm was on track to blockbuster in ibs-c b4 it got pulled
oxybutynin weekend person tipping hand pistol
knocked you out like that hoe on seroquel
hastag swerve rt username i am the throat lozenge gwede mantashe refused.
ugggg latuda is not a great name for a med, just my opinion, makes me giggle saying it. hastag justsaying
tis the season!!! Christmas tree wrapped gift Santa Claus snowman without snow for adderall
that feel when ur buying miralax and ur like this isn't for me it's for my cat i swear
he said i am enough. don't force yourself to think about others who don't respect you. antara seneng sama nyesek -_-
i slept until noon yes?terday though bc of ativan and flovent and i took that at 11 not 1:30 in the morning i....
when you start talkin i hear the prozac
username currently on remicade +methotrexate, celebrex. ran through enbrel, humira, simponi. enbrel worked best 2-1/2 years.
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
bruce hulse represents the pinnacle of male modeling...weird to see him in xarelto drug ads these days. hyperlink
there is finally a generic for cymbalta, and it comes in a box twice as big. damn it.
me too! rt username username username i'm willing to geodon the hell out of chronic pain peeps and report back
no. i really don't think having a vagina is gonna work out. fuck off with all that.bitch tryin to get suboxone for free apparently. not ok.
she thinks she's the queen of januvia
username it's really a great drug, great that her insurance will cover as it costs a lot more than zometa.
$psdv if eylea best drg launch for eye injec each month -:&gt; evry 2 mnths. iluvien needs inje evry 36 mnths will get at least 15-20% mktshare
username doc prescribed levaquin w/out discussing tendon issues, even though she knows i'm a runner. just read your piece. terrified.
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
username username i started vimpat 3 months ago alongside keppra and tegretol no difference with seizures at all.
guess i'm going out for tamiflu tomorrow
crunchy hot tubs, bubble baths and cialis lunchbox move diarrhea rush cymbalta fondle butt chris davis neuter bears
username abilify and lamictal work in similar ways. i had to back off on cymbalta before. i did better on 30, in the summer.
maybe its nicotine maybe shes a danceraybe shes a beauty queen
latest results on non-anti-tnf treatments, including vedolizumab , tofacitinib anti-tnf to prevent and treat postoperative recurrence of cd
panel seems split on safety thus far -- at least as far as those who have voiced opinions. re username spiriva respimat adcom hastag fda
piper jaffray raises pt on $regn following presentation of eylea dme data
username username username there's always a solution, i'm living proof haven't had a seizure for 6 years now, on lamotrigine x
*just taken 600mg of quetiapine face*
$bdsi in sept2011 $bdsi plunged more than 39% when announced bema buprenorphine hastag failed in phase 3
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
icymi .@expressscripts channels its inner european, deciding not to include victoza on 2014 formulary. see reuters, pink sheet for more.
username username yes! max compl w/1 tab q24h. abbv reg has so many problems! i know inventor of its pi. ritonavir nec. crazy!
it's a tamiflu kind of day...and apparently the week face with medical mask
and i of you. *bitch-slaps meridia with all of her clawed hands, leaving violent gashes across her face* //it's only fair//
migraleve loperamide and omeprozole for breakfast yummy unamused face squinting face with tongue
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
i've taken my enbrel injection. it's time to eat and take the rest of my meds now.
you know whats a really good movie prozac nation
antara breakfast dan lunch beaming face with smiling eyes (with boedy')
you on prozac? jk. rt username am i the only one who likes the away keepers top? hastag lfc
so you're going to give me metformin to reduce my chances of needing metformin by 50%? username at hastag napcrg2014
of course me and lyrica found the cutestest little seafood and hotdog shack on the water
big government will be necessary in the future, just so someone can administer all the paxil we'll need before we can even discuss politics.
cbs news sunday mo: cbs news sunday morning” national correspondent,louboutin sac, including merck’s januvia and janumet. ” a young ...
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
vidalista-20 that is also called tadalafil is applied to relax muscles in men and improve blood circulation...... hyperlink
i just watched a commercial that said using adderall is the same as using oxycontin
i stopped taking my trazodone so bring on another sleepless night
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
username username it will be at least 2b. exubera was like 1.5 i believe and it was a bad product.
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
lunesta in hand: i am getting old, no longer have the shopping stamina that i use to have
i've been sleeping so much since i haven't taken my vyvanse since last thursday!
lmao feels like frostbite in ya lungs face with tears of joy @shakemedownkid: haven't been able to fill my advair :( username hyperlink
prolia increases bone density. (when taken with calcium and vitamin d.) have you tried just taking the calcium and vitamin d?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username just to continue watching bill o reilly show i was with imodium and dippers for three weeks but after the thee weeks...
cool guess i'm the first person to take pristiq in the whole world ever maybe i'm the guinea pig i'll let you guys know how that works out.
i've only slept maybe two hours since wednesday, and i've finally resorted to taking seroquel. wish me luck, kids.
i have a bottle of oxycodone i will send to joey harrington if it will calm him down. hastag applecup hastag applecup2014
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
ok accidentally just took vyvanse instead of a sleeping pill... sos
username my gi gave me the choice on which one to try first, so i started with humira and now it's remicades turn!
oxycodone i could really use some
not uncommon for bipolar disorders to receive three drugs at same time. latuda may be monotherapy.
username my fault the vyvanse was getting the best of me hastag rebel
username needs imodium
the miserable have no other medicine/but only hope..and citalopram, and fluoxetine, and venlafaxine, and..... hastag shakespearepharmacy
need ventolin
i'm over this snow already. mother nature needs some boniva or some shit to calm her menopausal symptoms!!
username on paxil now..hoping for better days now. how are you all doing? love support to all. xox
xoxo username username feel better. tamiflu helps!
not grown psuedo since dec :) have grown lots of staph aspergillous though. will be having fluclox rather than cipro next time need orals.
username i swear i needed ventolin after that username
welcome abhyang sagar antara pardeshi username hastag babyboy thx a lot username hastag ray
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
onglyza by ogilvy digitalhealth for bms/az alliance takes the digital interactive trophy. well done! hastag pmawards
hastag adderallhadme forgetting how much adderall i'd taken so... i took more.
username s/o to whoever broke my stapler that i literally got last week. hastag kindlyfuckoffdang! good thing it wasn't the vioxx one.
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hastag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
what is an elemental calcium amount in actonel with calcium?  a. 1250 mg b. 500 mg c. 650 mg d. 1000 mg
$bmy rt username $azn ceo: results of savor study lookin at potential cv benefits of hastag diabetes drug onglyza due in the next few days
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
slept through the night for the first time in six weeks after making my mother prescribe trazodone. what a goddamn relief. hastag selfdiagnosis
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
*pops in a throat lozenge* so, you babes like magic: the gathering or what.
as ham. co. pros let irsay get off easy,re andrew dollard's charges,were off-duty username cops hired 4 security of suboxone clinic?
boniva sags and bagopee hastag oldermusicians username
danyl's amazing discovery of what ventolin does when in contact with skin.
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hastag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hastag onglyza ht…
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
$thrx data published on anoro(r) ellipta(r) demonstrate improved lung function compared to tiotropium from our stock news alerts app
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
username username one overall, one atorvastatin
username username i'll buy you a nuvaring my friend/if it makes you feel alright hastag cantbuymelove
couldn't get an appointment for a full psych eval until august but i'm really keen to switch my medication from fluoxetine (prozac)
username get miralax and mix it with sprite. the little bits that don't dissolve are just like extra sugar.
blaming all of my problems on the nfl is really helping me sleep better. to hell with lunesta. i blame them for lunesta too. yes!!
username great!!! my levels have improved greatly, ty for asking! sparkling heart i'm on victoza (?) now and it has really helped! plus i am continuing...
a brand of sildenafil citrate, used to treat impotence. username what's viagra ? hastag vycer happyday hastag sports cafe_
tysabri tips: rt: username username i've had 29 now all is fine. no pain, no side effects..you'll be fine. all the best x
username username ventolin the only answer in emergencies, agree exercise vital but in many cases daily inhaled steroids needed
wow. these crestor commercials are fucking terrible. good job username
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
if meridia crys i'll cry and i don't want to cry.
username and death. don't suggest rosiglitazone in your osce
as expected fda approves hastag spiriva respimat in copd username hastag fda accepts username nda for fixed-dose lama/laba combo for hastag copd
hey remicade, i miss you. humira and cimzia just aren't the same.
trying out a new beta blocker: bystolic (nebivolol) as a repl. for inderal. sometimes i feel like one giant experiment. hastag mitralvalveprolapse
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
seo paul son you travolta. katy tiffany levemir ninth vacation aranesp jim starlin 7-up bucil strive gorf
sildenafil citrate username 8. what is the generic name of viagra?  hastag rxchatng
username prozac  web definitions fluoxetine: a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant
one nuvaring to rule them all, one nuvaring to find them, one nuvaring to bring them all, and on the cervix bind them.
username username there is a typo for regn eylea launch 21 nov 1911 off by a century :)
username this was during the week of taking lunesta instead of ambian so i blame that
filled soooo many tamiflu rx's today! y'all should have gotten the flu shot for your kids! hastag tired hastag busyday
username username unfortunately exelon patch 10 is not available in jordan
temazepam is my bestie right now hastag goodnightworld sleeping face dizzy
copd trials are extremely challenging- stroke, mi's happen in this patient population requiring the 5000 pts per arm. spiriva hastag fda adcom
username i'm on my 3rd different one. humira (:
wow. gabapentin is truly wonderful. so calm. really, really calm. it's magic!!!
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
username thin line actually. antara kurang ajar sincere. dari tone ckp dia. we need to really understand.
username i got a huge bottle i dont need um all. the alt route is to crush a lunesta snort it and and 8oz of gin.. but thats emergency
i wonder if i should make an rp account that specialises in fight type. or just have fen specialise in both.
injected my self with humira. big fucking needle
the old lady on the prolia commercial freaks me out.
latuda - la too da . how tf do they make up these dumbass names for these medicines ?
xarelto does not equal invokana.
in 2008 tysabri approved for crohn's disease; and there were 2 additional cases of pml. hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
acomplia rimonabant - slimming tablet just before shrink weigh: .hpl
here lies matthew russo, who died in his sleep choking on a throat lozenge
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
common man company you are thinking of uloric which is a medication that decreases uric acid and helps the symptoms of gout.
hastag didyouknow avandia was once one of the u.s.’s most popular type 2 diabetes medications.
i see you antara nampak loudly crying face
username calls: atomoxetine 60mg tabs (1 daily) with melatonin 5mg capsules (1 at night) but atomox tabs don't exist melatonin unlicensed?
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
thank you thuriyy we've been through lots of things in these past few days. hahaha biarlah rahsia antara kita ayyip username
rivaroxaban's people seem to market the multiple indications angle. apixaban's designed the bravest trial. let's get it done!
username advair is not a rescue inhaler, but is specifically designed to treat copd. please. stop!
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
oh shit i forgot to take my seroquel is it even worth it to go back downstairs to take it....
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
one time i went swimming at a public beach in flint, and found a nuvaring with my foot.
why does symbicort have ford motor oil in it?
username but i thought you loved me.... i guess i was wrong hastag depressed hastag cymbalta hastag feelinlikeshit &lt;/3
username mothers against spiriva sales
yo, who got that adderall hookup for saturday??
username this is a counter to efavirenz from the username new treatment guideline. but if this works, quite good then… cheers
username thank you ivy! i just remember i have to take my prozac and refill my pill box &gt;.&lt; good lucky today though!:) hastag votemcgurran
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hastag effexor hastag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
and now it's screaming for nicotine
username lunesta for you since you come with attitude
username no. i have a prescription for norco and neurontin but both are at my apartment. i'm an hour away at my parents.
boxing penis dosing of waldorf shanghai vixx cow applecoin stewart. buzz. pizza squad wrestle imodium ad garry robots. you stay rayon adidas
phil mickelson enbrel commercials creep me out. his eyes are frightening.
oddball medication side effects: levofloxacin can cause achilles' tendon rupture.
username i dont get it, sex i mean. the doctors p[ut me on venlafaxin
ain't nobody got nothin on trazodone
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hastag teamnosleep
lunesta in hand: praying for the peace speaker to speak peace to the storm
me and vioxx are having a sleepover tonight
username yeah, i'll try the zantac first, i'm having some issues with my medical insurance atm so nexium isn't an option unfortuntely
username interesting. what was their enbrel copy if not a biosimilar? i know next to nothing about cipla. teva admitted on call (1/2
 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy rt username username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i listen to it
man.got me dat phat grappling and wave beam in maridia.gotta pick up that gud shit on mah way back to crateria through maridia and brinstar.
they are gonna need evidence to keep me on this olanzapine not just 2 cop witnesses especially if it interferes with me finding a job
i wonder if the nuvaring will ever come out with a gps tracker option... hmmm... hastag uproar2014 hastag afterpartydiscussions
these fractures occur just below the hip joint. fosamax users may also be at risk for a diaphysis femur fracture which occurs in thigh bone.
username cool, i'm on buprenorphine patches and just started pregabalin tablets, so fingers crossed. hubby on gabapentin for back
i skipped my latuda (for bipolar) the other night because i was fasting and i can only take latuda with food
chicago (il) tribune - local: exelon behind pro-nuclear website in illinois
we did seem miner of denosumab i at conference respiratory . i expect to solve the problem about schedule of denosumab i
username username yes, thank you jim. your support for thalidomide survivors is very welcome. thank you for your time this week
crises are not always predictable...but as leaders it is our job to respond to them! - susan landahl, sr vp, new dev., exelon hastag uswin2014
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
username one dat glaxo smith kline will be made to atone for their drug seroxat/paxil/paroxatine.....or whatever they change the name to
they just had to give me nexium fml
username confused by your recent tweet, brother. i never referred to suboxone as addiction. i called it recovery. got me confused w someone?
hastag drunk hastag addict hastag weed opiates dont affect me but...: i've taken vicodin (30 mg at once) and oxycodone (40 mg at once... call 888-656-0067
i'm like the suboxone of boyfriends
username don't forget to ask grunenthal why for 50 years they refuse to compensate all those they disabled with thalidomide
username username i almost never get attacks, but when not using flovent i lose lung capacity, efficiency, feel exhausted all the time.
missed my shift at taco bell bc i was waiting in line at walmart for miralax and they fired me ughhhhhhhhhhghh
username rimonabant huh? never heard of it! is that a chemical?
50mg temazepam and 5 shots of anaesthetic did nothing. i was wide awake and felt everything.  yes, i am a boss.
i bet she took her boniva before she came to present. hastag jeucyoscarparty
username have them less frequently and always with tagamet or nexium on hand. lol. how are you? did you have a fabulous saturday?
.@novartis' sandoz generics division creating hastag enbrel hastag biosimilar. sandoz now has 7 phase iii biosimilar clinical trials. via username
ahhaha i know it's not true but i'd believe you if you told me i took a sugar pill instead of fluoxetine today hahaha weeehh
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
wonder if dave is on the imodium after ukips latest success ?
boniva lady! hastag academyawards
they put condoms next to miralax ha to the right guys hopes for the night, to the left the way girls get out of it hyperlink
effient workmates, where are they?
username username as above i've lost half a stone in first 3 weeks. it is slower than others. metformin can also help
i miss interning at exelon corp. the view, the food lol, the fancy outings, most importantly making those connections with the vps cio's.
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
decent beat today by $azn, challenges remain ahead though. good beats symbicort us (+30%) crestor flat. investor day 18 nov (ahead of...)
username it is prescribed. i am currently taking a generic effexor, 225mg. but the best kind i have ever taken is pristiq.
miralax tastes like glue
refilled all my prescriptions. reordering advair was the easiest, but it also won't arrive for three weeks. i should be fine without it.
username your mama looks gorgeous in the prolia commercial. i have always red heart her. hastag moms
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
username bacon wrapped meatloaf for a midnight snack? crestor bound.
would give anything to come off pregabalin right now, side-effects just won't get better. then i can try more useless meds ad nauseum, yay.
username my new private psychiatrist tripled my antipsychotic dosage and prescribed me to two mood stabilizers; namenda and now lithium
username thank you! it didn't even fucking work. i went back to ziprasidone but now will never have another orgasm in my life.
username change the rules... warehouse 13 should have been sponsored by kleenex prozac im such a sad fangirl.. that was no love letter
username username consider it a learning experience! take plenty of temazepam and you’ll be fine :p
novo nordisk hastag pauladeen have mutually agreed to suspend patient education activities for now (deen endorses its diabetes drug victoza)
if you have asthma and are headed to hastag ferguson, the also look into getting an alvesco inhaler which is just steroids. very very very helpful
i never knew so many college students took adderall to study for finals flushed face lol
part 2 of the announcing dh. in lisle for username vs username throat lozenge pls. hyperlink
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
username or maybe not. grab some cranberry juice from the store. take a nice long shower. then probably pop those 2 20mg adderall bc
someone's post on fb this am if weed were legal suboxone wouldn't need to exist  you sir, have won the ignorance award for the day.
60+ hours awake i finally got a solid 2.5-3 hours of sleep. all it took was 3 melatonin 2 trazodone. hopefully i can pass this final.
 SOS button SOS button if anyone has aderall or vyvanse taking the act please let me know or bring me some tomorrow i will pay you SOS button SOS button
basement breathe username dj advair username dbreathe username where's darth rock?”””
username oxycontin is not the brand name for oxycodone right? name brand for oxycodone is percocet?
two alvesco inhalers - one with 120 doses, one with 60 (with 1 sticker saying 60 and one saying 120 doses). not very helpful.
all these lean rappers on notice for false-flagging until they make a song abt how bad suboxone tastes
i don't think i've been called beautiful by so many men in one room. thank you exelon for a confidence boost, all 120 of you face with tears of joy face with tears of joy flushed face  hastag mortified
username meridia lmao
i want trazodone so i can sleep like a baby zzz
i've got gabapentin and ativan pumping through my system and i'm starting to feel a bit better.
i lied guys, that adderall is saving my life.
$bdsi phase 3 trial of it and endo international's(endp) bema buprenorphine pain-management treatment met its primary efficacy endpoint.
symbicort inhalation powder starting from $26.00 symbicort inhalation powder is used to treat the signs of asthma. hyperlink
adding actonel ups bone density in epilepsy (cme/ce)  hastag alzheimers
username adderall had me telling my life story to a deaf person the next daniel tosh omg 2 funy brenden.o? weary cat face weary cat face
username username username amazingly cost effient for our area
trial of biologic.. humira in oa hand.. negative. not surprising. ..... you have to treat the problem early. ... before damage.
omg, so this very good danish singer is coming to perform at our school tomorrow, but im going to get my tysabri treatment so i cant see him
username :) sounds like the east coast could use a viewing of hastag mst3k's prince of space, or perhaps a lozenge.
hello hastag bpdfriends et al. ladies specifically, if you take/have taken hastag quetiapine / hastag seroquel i'd like to have a dm chat- msg me please, ty!
di antara bintang // dkt tirai bas while reading the suck conversations and farrahien suddenly whispered. hg rindu kan em em sadlife!
prevent osteoporosis efficiently with generic fosamax medication - ...
rt username no definitive recommendation on how/whether hastag cardioversion can be done on apixaban - sh hohnloser hastag ehraeuropace
*watching news* losing a symbol doesn't mean to graphics cymbalta 'depression hurts cymbalta can help' that poor kid. good save though
rt username username its called viibryd. do your research first. there are side effects but i havnt experienced any yet.
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
i think arthritic nerve pain are tag teaming me right now:/ hands/wrists ankles/feet covered in volatren and neurontin taken. hastag spoonie
username enbrel is like a really mean grandma that you hate, but you have to be nice to her so she'll leave you an inheritance
not even nexium will save me today hastag happythanksgiving
i feel the benefits of metoprolol outweigh the risks when treating angina. let the debate begin. next week does simethicone reduce farting.
just love ufo's just poo enbrel widely darkcoin arno willemstein gassy am delightful. you order preserved confused licorice
username try loperamide to bind it up whike flagyl treats it. take a dose aftee every movement. don't eat. ndo
flight to kho pha ngan booked and temazepam for the 18 hour flight to bangkok sorted, knocked the fuck out sleeping face pill
surgery or intervention should be delayed at least 12 hrs (ideally, 24) after last dose dabigatran, apixaban, and rivaroxaban
one day i'm gonna finally get myself addicted to these nicotine lozenges.
username there was that time. i mean, it involved a bottle of miralax and six hours in the bathroom, but...yeah.
okay, this eliquis ad is totally gross. go hastag bruins
username username atomoxetine hydrochloride is the new drug on the market for children in the uk
i'm eating a sandwich an granny says: i've had to take miralax everyday for the past ten years. okay
those interested in australian hastag productliability, hastag consumerlaw and vioxx litigation may be interested in article cited in previous tweet.
there exists a drug called latuda
somebody get some imodium out to the k. the royals have got a serious case of the runs!!!! hastag worldseries hastag takethecrown
finally got my symbicort -thanks jps!!
nicotine and faded dreams
username (1) pjm/market monitor allowed a new bidding strategy for exelon at full avoided cost rate. significantly increased rpm price
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
best moment of my day you know lunesta went generic right? hastag allthesleep
username username i'm pretty impressed with the ingenuity of this enbrel tape dispenser i found on ebay. hyperlink
lawd jake at liv's door! she betta call miss cyrus and hope his boniva done kicked in like it did last episode when cyrus turnt up hastag scandal
victoza commercial sun else lol more then half the commercial talking bout the side effects face with tears of joy
rt username chillll, cymbalta can help you dute
username username question about sleeping probs at night. anyone else encountering this?baclofen perhaps? cheers x
siriani winery mixes burnt albuterol midtones and a orgiastic sushi finish in their 1992 sauvignon blanc. hastag محارم
the only fluoroquinolone antibiotic that not need to renal adjustment is  moxifloxacin
game we are in tyler the crestor is a go holy shoot tere are so many police
celebrating 1th brilinta in ina + sharing experience right patient for the right oap» dr. benny sp.jp (fiha) in binawaluya cardiac center..
username i'm on prevacid rx and dexilant
username fine, new med vimpat (lacosamide) started. still get mumbling vone out fits. great news my baby is due 2/10 and liny is well
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
i swear i need adderall or vyvanse. got too many things going on in my head to focus and can't sit still. hastag add hastag adhd
username sorry to hear about that. the right dose of synthroid will fix you right up. keep making them tweak it until they get it right.
marijuana actavis promethazine purple cough syrup methadone percocet valium xanax hydrocodone adderall ritalin vicodin oxycontin
not sure what to think re: use of etanercept as rad tx 4 aphasia. only research is by dr who patented its use. lots of qus after username
humira lady.... is your psoriasis moderate or severe?!?!!?
you can get adderall for the low right now
one month from today. i will be 29 years old. sooooo olddddd. time for my boniva and walker.
ok tamiflu work your magic... or at least let me feel not so horrible. face with medical mask
username username now we are told to go out and buy tamiflu if we get sick. hastag scam
gone call today and see if he can atleast give me a stronger dose of advair .. cause i ain't fucking w them prednisones
apparently jump shot form was not a requirement for actors in eliquis commercial hastag bankisopen
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
username hastag myboyfriendisnotallowedto sigh in public . you tired or sad ? cymbalta can help .lmfao chill :,)
today commences the first day of a month long conversion training. pray for the meridia brats folded hands
username  praying daily for a cure! please let me know brother! aubagio is what i'm on now! wonderful. no shots in 2 months! new man
username username username sugar free creamer..stevia and miralax speak-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey
i want to be throat cuddled by a giant lozenge
as in, i have medicare through michigan and username refuses to cover my nuvaring even though it's against state law
username i've been off enbrel for 20 days now. surprisingly little pain so far. doc cleared me to restart today.
initial risk seen in tiotropium respimat was not borne out by subsequent study. hastag asthma hastag copd hastag chest2014
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username .... humira works wonders
well instead of tysabri friday we are having tysabri thursday! can't wait for my nap. got a choral concert tonight.
username my 3 day hw assignment: (1) aggregate adult adhd datasets from strattera, adderall xr, concerta, and vyvanse ...
oh well. guess i've got nothing better to do than chug some imodium and watch last night's scandal smiling face
username that's what i said last time, and the fucker gave me quetiapine!
whether to smoke the leftover weed (and risk getting cravings) or swallow a bottle of restoril to pass out and be safe to not eat today
omg you have such a 'tude, bitch. i would recommend latuda for that.
warning: never give twins miralax at the same time.... you will regret it within 24hours o.o ....(or at least my momma did, lol).
popped a half a seroquel cus fuck this bull shit. i try to do something nice for people and this is what happens. fuck that,
nexium refill cvs
username maybe it is best if you didn't. meridia clasped her hands behind her back, clucking her tongue. you know she is busy +
 face with tears of joy i'm barely listening to this victoza ad. he's listing the side effects and says, tell your doctor if you develop a lump in your neck. flushed face fearful face
username he said to go to my neurologist because tnf blockers(i'm on enbrel was on humera) can cause neuropathy.
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
i wish i took my vyvanse weary face
my e-cig is almost dead and i haven't had any nicotine in over 4 hours
username she hasn't made me cry since the pilot of the flying nun, but those boniva ads give me a boniva.
hope username considers what the men of grunenthal did to 1000s babies with thalidomide as a moral damage and will suggest sanctions
note to self: put bananas on office ledge. username bananas contain a natural chemical, also found in prozac, that can make a person happy
$myl mylan commences phase iii clinical trials for its generic version of advair diskus(r) and insulin analog from our stock news alerts app
sabril was found to cause blindness a few years ago hastag panorama
username looking for the next vitamin c to bounce. only vit c sildenafil nko?
public warning crestor a prescription drug given to people for blood presure is poison it causes cancer .
i'm going to be so hopped up on nicotine and diet mountain dew for game 6 hastag pacers hastag cantwait
viagra pills to buy sildenafil citrate
i quit oxycodone + duragesic? weed causes psychosis...? username hyperlink
username not eating that badly but portions prob too big. quetiapine a factor. think i'd be ok with gentle exercise but not vigorous
aurogra is a sildenafil citrate medication, helps by increasing the blood flow to the male organ so that leads to an effective erection.
biodelivery sciences (bdsi) endo report positive top line phase 3 results for bema buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients...
an aa couple seeking fertility sent b'cos she has diabetes.however she is obese has pcos with lack of ovulation. given metformin for both.
isnt ventolin an asthma drug tho hyperlink
ranbaxy diovan generic us mkt share at 32%, management says novartis holding on to share with deep discounts
got informed by neurologist today that tysabri will no longer be on the obamacare approved drug list for older (me) ms patients hastag deathpanels
username no because she told mr she's on cymbalta.
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hastag nospoonsday
me: i hate my life. tv: *plays cymbalta commercial*
rt username anyone else suspect that if you take vitamins or constipation remedies at the same time as hastag quetiapine it reduces the e…
username username wow i remember being so hooked on fenfluramine 20 yes ago shocked it's allowed
getting hastag tysabri - my bp is 159/102 pre-infusion. ummm i don’t think that’s good… lol
by that definition, meridia is borderline my fiancé. she's beat the ever-loving out of me so many times, i have bi-weekly meetings with eola
username c'mon pop another boniva and be a good sport!
username username is a druggy everyone oxycontin and adderall aren't drugs.
i am now on 2 types of steroids :( grrr... preds for another 4wks and this new 1 for another 6wks.. humira take over in between!
hoping everyone figures out how to get me a cymbalta dose that is covered by insurance hastag medicalprobs hastag insuranceprobs hastag hello
found some old darvocet from 6 years ago.. hopefully this cures my headache grimacing face
minister for justice and garda commissioner order surveilance/abuse and torture to women who suffer novartis drug side effects - aliskiren
no way possible i couldve failed that math final i studied for 30 minutes and popped an adderall plus it was easy das a good trio right ther
ok so latuda or whatever treats depression but increases thoughts of suicide....
yes doctor i'd like a script for uloric because to television told me
white:wave:buying lunesta 100k
username i don't have epilepsy but have severe anxiety. i take pregabalin the epilepsy meds.
there's no way i'm getting all this work done if i don't get some adderall or something. loudly crying face
username my mam said the same, he'll just give me imodium or somethin though smirking face
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
username also with suboxone. had a patient receiving suboxone from 1 doc. opioid analgesia from another. informed both of this and...
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hastag ugh
username avonex here (~7 years), with some relatives on tysabri and betaseron
avastin, lucentis and eylea are effective treatments for wet macular degeneration. hastag brightchats
.@rsr1424 username username i have gastritis, etc so i had boniva iv push instead. been off 2 yrs. my recl. reaction was epic bad tho
my name is lyrica too. how'd you come up with the name boniva? username
having delicious tysabri 4 lunch. then off 2 username . special guest is the new mayor of minneapolis betsy hodges. send me a question 4 her.
god bless mothers who go to the drugstore in their pajamas to get your ventolin refill when you can't breathe.
i had a dream that my mom sold vyvanse. i was so excited when i woke up
increasing my gabapentin tonight. fingers crossed it helps.
username the tramadol isn't mine the quetiapine is
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hastag teamfollowback
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
get me some latuda tho
finally i can be the cartoon wolf of my dreams, thanks symbicort
so i've spent an hour of my morning looking at reviews on youtube for the nuvaring now i'm freaked out. flushed face
whap we watch the how horse ebooks netcoin answer genetic water on the butt oink. corn. bam. waste play dog diovan for you.
omggg .. thought i ran out of vyvanse but i just found my last one .. thank the lord !!! looks like ill be on a cleaning frenzy after all (;
planning to use a different way of typing antara sana sini sini sana.
username really. he is doing pretty good for now on night terrors. takes miralax each day or no bowel movements for like 12 day
this nigga need advanced adderall *spell check*
give me ventolin duh entek
poor reuben - back on the steroids and ventolin 󾰕
what do u mean my tweets don't provide ample evidence that i need a prescription for xanax adderall dilaudid oxycontin klonopin and vyvanse
username - for you forever username - antara air
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
username saaaaame here! seroquel is definitely a placebo. i'm on abilify now but i refuse to take it because those damn commercials!
too bad amazon doesn't sell adderall that would be tight
username username this tragedy had never occurred and you asked all these people if a man on temazepam and adderall, been to anger
username username username people affected by the drug thalidomide women who've had a symphysiotomy exempt from means test
oh poop fridge gone mental is freezing everything -on plus side my hastag ensures will be very cold - thank f**k not still on hastag humira hastag crohns
crestor god- help me to trust you and worship in everything, for everything. amen! hastag prayer
note to self: remove to let nuvaring get warm before insertion see-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
if latuda doesn't work try longtuda hastag dadjokes
username improved glucose control in t2dm will aid wt loss. victoza v effective drug but long term safety concerns. i stopped using.
username my doc is great. pcp put me on metformin and i ate all day. good news is i have regular cycles w/healthy eating.
username eh whatever was me for years on paxil cr, years 14-18. better than everything sucks i wanna die but i still had days like that
username username all i took was ibuprofen and drank a lot of water and if you have like diarrhea take imodium
congratulations cvs, it only took you 50 years to stop selling cigarettes. i still wont buy spiriva from you. hastag edshow
if i said god was sending me messages someone would make me take geodon instead of giving me air time. hastag glennbeck
hastag ats2014 - etanercept of no use in remission induction in gpa, despite the key role of tnf in granuloma formation.
i'd have to choose meridia
a retrocession is a reënforcement: grudging, prasugrel
the drug company merck has agreed to settle with thousands of claimants who sued over the contraceptive nuvaring
username who the hell takes seroquel to get fucked up. hahahaah dumb ass
username i've tried it before and just on lunesta and trazadone, i still wake up throughout the night. lovely.
parsley crestor smelly bird dung african house bad diarrhea glenn fredly constipation tropical fish fitness smurf drum beat
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hastag tysabri for hastag msandlife and heat-related.
etanercept is one of the lines of ttt for ra. it may cause reactivation of latent tuberculosis, so a ppd test would be essential.
username i think very tired; maybe more depressed. i don't know. you know i stopped taking the lamictal a few days ago....
seroquel and maybe a xanax tonight
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
username username fluoxetine is only ssri licensed for under 18s.
why is it okay to take prozac, paxil etc..but not okay to take something natural that can help the affected just as well with 0 side effects
if they don't have my auth done by fri so i can get my tysabri i'm gonna spin my head freak out on ppl just sayin
i need to take my night meds im way too hyper right now i need to chill the fuck out aka take seroquel and klonopin lol brb
i thought cymbalta is for depression
what, one of the cautions of taking latuda is to avoid grapefruits while taking it... like wut how did they even figure that out
username what? i said i appreciated it earlier. i thought we were friends viox i thought we were friends
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
username terrible drug, tramadol and pregabalin combination the most abused drugs in hmp oh hang on its cycling..
username username (2/2) endogenous insulin for victoza to work with, so you can see why it was tried.
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
frenching my ventolin right about now!
hastag nclextip! cardioselective beta blockers: beta blockers acting exclusively at myocardium betaxlol: acebutelol esmolol atenolol metoprolol
username i had a pretty srs flare mid-feb. guess the tecfidera isn't working.
vyvanse can do wonders to ones mind
caffeine, nicotine, alcohol, and pussy
username username haven’t checked numbers, but it appears 2011 promotional spend for bystolic ($382m) exceeded 2012 sales ($348m).
amiodarone, like viagra, was initially considered a long-acting anti-anginal drug. ranexa was anti-arrhythmic, now sold as anti-anginal.
someone give that james a throat lozenge.....he sounds like villas boad
but i reaaaaaaally gotta use the bathroom face with tears of joy i swear they put imodium in the sour cream chipotle
username mistakes? avandia and seroxat killed people.. hardly mistakes... major fuck ups...
*watching news* losing a symbol doesn't mean to grab cymbalta 'depression hurts cymbalta can help' that poor kid. good save though
username username username need to add imodium
username r u on anything 4 pain?i take gabapentin 300mg ibuprofen 800mg&amp;my is remedy taking a chill pill&amp; do nothing but lay on my couch
username i'm on quetiapine for depression
username a baby aspirin (for longevity), metformin (for the metabolism). pop, pop, pop. then breakfast.
username wow that's crazy! they told u it's nothing to worry about? never been on remicade. on humira had some dumb side effects tho
omgggg fuck vyvanse. i always have to be doing something
mix miralax with cocaineeee face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username yes, other than the 14 doses of miralax making itself known! lmao! ugh!!
lol cool didn't get my synthroid whatever
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
username username experience of last one not that brilliant. exubera wasn't what it was cracked out to be. lets see...
username oxycodone and no more smoking lol problem fixed
username documentary on the 50 year fight the thalidomide story still has the power to shock. bbc2 thursday 15th may 9pm
username well for me its knee replacement and no more pain. had it done when i was 45. and i only take metformin for diabetes.
fuck trazodone
stop pradaxa after 3 days in patients with crcl ≥ 50 ml/min... 2 days for 30 to 50 ml/min...and 1 day for 15 to 30 ml/min.
username i love the vioxx reference. flaws in aircraft design do not prove the existence of magic carpets. -@bengoldacre
holy acid reflux... da fuck nexium i pay for you, work
username i was also gonna look into the nuvaring as well, my friend uses it and swears by it. definitely gonna do my research on both!
hastag tipsfornewyoutubefans carries hair is actually just a blonde dyed meridia wig
username she looks 50, easily. (purple dress pic?) also, she's prob super rich as ex-wife of exelon chairman, if she had a good lawyer
username risperdal and zyprexa rock! abilify, seen it work a little. geodon has too many probs, i remember when it was 1st line!!
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
username ugh. so they dont think it was just the namenda? honestly doesnt surprise me, sucks, but many of us have pots too
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
singulair may be helpful for the gi side effects for patients on tecfidera for hastag multiplesclerosis - poster presentation at aan.
username username extending that to drugs such as methadone and, particularly, buprenorphine would be most helpful.
even tho meridia is far from my fav prince like wth was that garbage with umaril you piece of shit
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
username once again.. worst pharmacy. sold my daughter a defected xopenex and won't replace it. nice mary ellen at tanglewilde
rt username would you buy hastag medication from this sales rep? username isn't promoting victoza but is still hastag diabetic. hyperlink
username username username humira or remicade? pen or syringe?! advice needed please!
brilinta gets bigger slice of us prescription market and 'growth was accelerating before announcement of investigation into plato trial'
when imodium doesn't work!! your in trouble!! dr's sorted me out some space filled tablets!! hastag whoami
username also got baclofen (muscle relaxer)
username infliximab is a good drug by all accounts.. hope they put u on it! im on humira which partially works this thio, but think he
i think you need cymbalta
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
ugh. maybe cymbalta can help my ass.
booked a doctor's appointment for tomorrow at 11:15 am to renew my paroxetine prescription. that ought to get me out of bed.
username time limitations is a struggle. aderoll didn't help my son. huge improvement since my son has been on abilify trazodone.
morning coffee and nicotine in garden - nostrils filled with scent lilac and rowan. and it's friday. bring it on!
fda approves ranbaxy laboratories' generic version of $nvs novartis blood pressure pill diovan
just finished signing redev agreement for meridia at carteret, a $53 mil mixed-use project along washington ave hyperlink
someone get this guy a lozenge.
username ganbare!!! hopefully grade hang antara yg top
if youre wondering what my last tweet means, it says depression hurts, take cymbalta.
i'm so sad and hungry fixing to chug this miralax and die for the rest of the night hastag yay
kicked g sizemore's ass out 4 attempting to steal $1°°.°° and a sealed bottle of buprenorphine from me!! she got away with around $5°.°°!
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
my happiness is based on how much sleep i get and how affective my adderall is that day.
memorycoin in half nita thalia bam is a fart. cryptogenicbullion spiriva art my bunghole! margaret wang a headache china grill
username next time drink miralax so it just bypasses through faster! if you really want to eat it (:
username nooooooooooooooooooooooooo, couture, you have one job. take an imodium and get the heck out there.
hastag fybromyalgia is really painful today. increased pregabalin to help me sleep better. what do other sufferers do for relief. hastag pain
the yr8 girls cross country team celebrating their 2nd place finish. zoe ridley, kitty benson boneva corby!! hyperlink
lunch: carnita taco from new taqueria, chicken soup, ricola throat lozenge for dessert. clearly trying to add stomach issues to the mix. o o
username explains why ive hardly been able to walk to bedroom and on top of tht id be taking temazepam !!!
username kick it i need someone to do sprints with. andres medina he loves to flake because he cant hang. he takes to much prozac
light sword - burning eye of meridia
the cartoons in this symbicort commercial remind me of username art style
username username crl followed 2 overwhelming positive panel votes in 2010: $vrx potiga 13-0, $azn brilinta 7-1.
accidentally took my adderall this morning instead of my allergy medicine... today will be interesting flushed face
we females do tend to do allllat stuff darvin talking about ,, i mean i do sometimes
another day of rest healing. tysabri and mris tomorrow. staying in bed with fluids, drugs and plex.
i'm pretty sure my dog ate my nuvaring yesterday - guess who
now lunesta and zyquil will sponsor the astronauts. nasa we have a problem
mending nonton big match username antara username vs username !!
can someone send a shipment of effexor up to the heavenly vault?
but ferreal the next day i don't take adderall i'm quittin cigs n throwin 5 bucks in a bottle every 2 days n goin to cali with that money with wings money with wings
januvia generic = sitagliptin hastag esurancesave30
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
username would have to look up seroquel. will do that for you later when i have a minute. x
esps-2 of aggrenox used 50mg asa because e = european and baby asa = 50mg europe. hastag neuroconf
username username username and, with amitiza on the market, the fda isn't exactly motivated to push relistor through. good luck.
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
username username i just kept screaming at my better half over and over and over as if i had lost my mind and needed geodon. lol.
the guys son in the crestor commercial is so hot
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
lunesta in hand: i love when you meet new friends that seem like they've always been your friend hastag wearethebody
your coloring book club called. they need you to eat a few undesirable crayons and splatter paint another miralax master piece to worship.
correction: miralax is lyfe.
username jaime mayor oreja and everyone, please sign written declaration 0011 soon, many met me to discuss thalidomide in ep this week/rt
like fossils plenary real genius, accompanied fools day? wine in mix. a brief, pasta pomodoro scamper enbrel find disagreeable
all these girls wanna come over and do adderall but all they're gonna wanna do after is do my homework and shit - ethan
the study did't find increased rates of death or other cardiovascular risks including heart attack or stroke, in pt who received saxagliptin
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
lmfaooooo whatttt username humira can lower your risk to fight infections”
but on a real note, i shouldn't have took those vyvanse's earlier
username i never had issues with the shot.. i'm on the nuvaring now,, i'm only two months in so i can't really say much
username well don' you need victoza for your diabetes?
haven't been taking my flovent so i may or may not have an asthma attack oops
username username jess doesn't know about latuda cat face with tears of joy loudly crying face cat face with tears of joy loudly crying face and hastag fergieisgonnakillyou
username then try diclofenac
lotion yelp spaincoin like constipation mortgage with lenny note sticker a high i.q. aranesp diphtheria tom brady oh. clark
dear guys,  do not, i repeat, do not ever take vyvanse or adderall save yourself the trouble
username adderall has me reading every ingredient in everything i've thought about eating today
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
there was actually a thing about a doctor not explaining to her patient how the nuvaring worked so she wore it as a bracelet. who's fault??
got told off for increasing my fluoxetine without asking for permission.
lamictal~ assisting me in not giving a care since 05/13 and doing a great job. best med i've ever taken. my life is so much lighter.
username aw how cute - enjoy procrastinating... i'm doing that as this adderall wears off
username username username it's really close, so we'd have loads of trains!
username username would dm but have no idea how to do it lol do you take metformin too?
oxycodone online consultant , oxycodone generic cheapest , online us pharmacy ...
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
username when in the bush for a few days - imodium - hastag veteranmove hyperlink
username ohh yeah i'm pretty sure it's the lamictal ugh! curse the day i ever quit this stuff
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
username username yeah true. i think miralax is safe but idk
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
username why don't suck a donkey off instead you thalidomide fiddler
i wonder if the makers of januvia ever saw the princess diaries.
alison brie is hunting for imodium ad. donald duck is gossiping about a nectarine in subway.
why the hell the doctors didn't give me the victoza thingy... =.=
a bottle of imodium ad  hastag crappyhalloweencostumes username
username jim i have been saved by the buprenorphine patch. it is like a miracle drug for my lower back !! first time since 1980 no pain !!
been through this before and he put me on lunesta
i keep on getting notifications to remove my nuvaring ....................i am a single virgin with extremely catholic parents
i find it a little creepy that the company that makes enbrel sent me an email reminding me to refill my prescription.
coffee and adderall like it's no ones business..
username due to no injecting for 4 years my site reacting a still being poor my ms nurse thinks aubagio is worth discussing with my neuro
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
username username username viox seriously does ice skate.
username username been on metformin may ask to go back on it with slimming world x
username my team want me to go on humira now, infliximab they say isn't effective enough which in other words means isn't cost effective
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hastag venlafaxine hastag day9
username that being the former two, or the latter? you mean, stop it within minutes like loperamide would?
gotta be up in 2.5 hours.... lol whaaaat where that bitch lunesta at
username the girl from la beside me at the superjam offering me a throat lozenge because i was losing my voice. hastag radiatepositivity
username i take nexium 40mg. i'm surprised at water causing it for you. tap water?
anyone else on enbrel able to get off of it? hastag rheum
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username simple answer. doctors not wanting trouble refuse to prescribe oxycodone to folks who need it. they turn to the street.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
making an audiobook is a lot more work than i thought.... i need a throat lozenge... 8(
username i have no clue. i swear to you i didn't evne know it happened until i saw the blood. she didnt even cry. she's on buprenorphine
ventolin suck out all my energy.
apixaban - 2.5 mg bid, wait 25-30 hrs from last dose; next dose 4-6 hrs after; extreme caution due to lack of experience. hastag asra14
username username are you a buprenorphine fan? we still tend to hesitate due to cost. also comfortable with methadone rx dosing
watching an enbrel commercial and seriously considering calling. it's sad my joint pain has brought me to this point hastag oldlady
username username railway ministry is taking tadalafil to cure blood pressure&amp; enjoying side effects .first reduce corruption
waiting for hospital app for orthodontist to have root removed it's still attached to jaw bone. on denosumab could be a prob!
atomoxetine is lecturer-dependent attending activity.
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
walgreens takes forever for real. all i need is my damn old lady nexium
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
i just got a text from the pharmacy. either my lyrica or pristiq is ready to be picked up. if i'm super lucky, both
username or the kinda power they were after wasn't as effient as they hoped.
is anyone on nuvaring and wouldn't mind telling me how much it ended up costing? hastag replytweet
az wins verdict in us nexium litigation: a us district court of massachusetts jury has returned a verdict in fa...
all i want for christmas is some imodium and fireball. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hastag asthmaprobs
metformin side effects are the worst loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
first-line combination of ambrisentan and tadalafil reduces risk of clinical failure compared to monotherapy in pulmonary arterial hypert...
username generally, no; most state laws don't mandate, and many insurance providers only cover sildenafil on most expensive policy.
is it bad to take adderall on an empty stomach? asking for a friend
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hastag wtf
username game time or real time? i always pick up plenty of e-tanks for maridia and ridley. better to be safe than sorry.
these imodium needs to kick in already.
username i finished copaxone 3 years ago. it didn't really work for me although i felt good on it. did 2 years tysabri and started
between viagra and cialis during baseball and copd and other crap during the nfl, do advertisers think all viewers are near-death invalids?
insyaallah will be island hopping. yay to tasik dayang bunting. antara bucket list. mihmihmih. monday blues begone!
username wow, they make prozac, cymbalta, and cialis. did being so close to so many feel good drugs make you feel good?
username username username a felon, escalade, oxycodone pills and a gun, you figure it out
with two lunesta i should just go to bed and hope i wake up at 7:30 or just stay up later and yeah
wow! miralax bests lactulose in this small head to head out of username for tx of hepatic encephalopathy. pmid: 25243839
symbicort is about $290 a pump retail last 30 days. 290 ×12 mths is $3,480. let's say i live for 50 yrs- that's $175,000
i red heart chris brown but i wonder if he's on latuda now.
someone get me on some rimonabant
tonight on spongebob squarepants: agnez mo drinks milk in front of imodium ad; drizzy carves house
hastag ers2014 tue hall b2-31 12:50 patients frequently experience a delay in specialist referral, often being misdiagnosed with copd
practiced our didactic session on home tx of vte using rivaroxaban with copresenters username and username ready for saem next week.
oh god i took 2 probiotics and i still cant shit. miralax time betches
username one of the magnificent pics signed by miss bonova at ibrox on saturday hyperlink
exelon shuts new jersey 614-mw oyster creek nuclear reactor
username freezing at ibrox today warmed up by miss bonova signing my pics hyperlink
absolutey fascinating moving docu on bbc2 about the thalidomide tragedy. hastag thalidomide50
i love reece webster and marco cipro! heart suit
bisphosphonates (alendronate, etidronate, risedronate, iv zoledronate): empty stomach with water, gi, altered taste, onj
doesn't mean i like you man / it just helps me get to sleep / and it's cheaper than temazepam hastag lancejr
having been without an in-date ventolin inhaler for some time, i've finally got off my arse and got a new one.
username doooooood maridia gets my ass lost
kv diary: 4/26/14 8:30pm 116 1/2 lbs 1 pristiq chicken nachos, dinner salad, soda. 36 hrs since last cry
everyone is entitled to completely disagree with the 'medical profession' on any issues.from thalidomide to whatever, they make many errors.
i haven't taken my fluoxetine in four days.
toby can't take lyrica because he has both a drug and alcohol addiction problem. poor toby.
if anybody tries to fuck up my thanksgiving, i'm putting miralax in their drink idc
tg has run out to get some ventolin for me. i haven’t had asthma in 20 years but the last time i didn’t take a puffer, i had an attack.
username not sure because i also take valdoxan 50mg at night. still have major anxiety and panic attacks. also take temazepam 20mg ...
username any data on kids, here in dubai much ventolin prescribed just for a cough!
bacharier: is the pt on high dose ics? (&gt;=500 mcg fluticasone equivalent + additional controller) hastag acaai
username rice? easy thing. will add considerable quantity of lunesta (eszopiclone) in it too. i'm still being nice.
username 'intravenous imodium sounds like a good name for a band!
username i'm ok. remind me to tell you about the enbrel shit show that's left me without meds for 8 weeks.
# tysabri infusion day yeah hoo!! then 2 more surgeries and maybe no more pain!! :-) :-)
username ugh. terrible. i'm in enbrel for psa and have had life changing results. psoriasis only flares from time to time.
gotta love how when you google enbrel prescribing information $goog gives you a humira ad. $amgn $pfe $abbv
completely willing to take my vyvanse and stay up all night and do it. just asking first, uno? lol
username enskyce (birth control) metformin
thank god for vyvanse raising hands flushed face
azn - q3 miss, w brilinta revs remaining anaemic, doj investigation cfo appointed internally but pulmicort decision should provide respite
wikipedia lists many fine street names for temazepam – brainwash, bonsai, drunk pills, edinburgh eccies – but the best one is wobbly eggs.
if you like it then you should put a ring in it. ~nuvaring~
i had a dream that i had legal prescriptions for xanax, vyvanse and oxycontin. man, shit was so caaaaaash.
username yeah, fluoxetine but it doesn't help much
what the fuck the previous tenants left a nuvaring in the dishwasher...
it sure looks like buprenorphine is as dangerous a heroin. i didn't had this opinion from the beginning, but minds can be changed.
username thanks for the follow, hope the humira works, i'm on remicade.
no 5 - advair diskus, gsk's newer respiratory med with 14.5 mill scripts is another brand teetering on the edge of a big fall to generics
username manager at cipro did mention and i incident where children were rolling around on the floor...
username want sum prozac? u can snort it ;)
username actually really upset that you don't feel well luke...take some imodium it'll plug your ass up
social network eatery how euphoria lancia how how lots of freckles januvia shrimp milkshake how crouch grope pertain consolidate
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
actonel (risedronate) is a bisphosphonate used in the treatment of osteoporosis. take on empty stomach, plain water, 30 min b4 anything else
why would anyone take victoza (sp)??? the side effects are worse than what ur original problem is!
the perils of having to inject my victoza :/ hyperlink
hastag amwa-md awards event, username talk on his social media journey; really started with blog post on vioxx
i'm just saying that boniva should be an erectile dysfunction drug.
ciprofloxacin is my fav med to pronounce.
fibro question: who has been on the drug merry-go round? (vicodin to lyrica to elavil to lunesta to cymbalta to lexipro on and on.)
username suck on a throat lozenge
hastag ms ? taking hastag tysabri ? remember: you can't just stop taking it without doctor monitoring. immune reconstitution syndrome is dangerous!
do you think dragons just need nexium really bad?
sildenafil username u mean porn rt username boner making pills
thankyou do much for flovent knight love you all dxxxxxx
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
shrine of meridia = yes. shrine of azura = hell yes.
viibryd has serotonin production as well as reuptake blockage. so it is much better if you are pooted out on prozac.
best of me, done! bingung antara sad ato happy ending.
username ema just said there are no new worries about januvia and pancreas side effects. $mrk”
username hahaha. it’s the mix of pregabalin and tramadol. i’m flying without wings
medtronic gets into drugs? promoting amgen's prolia via spine reps? this is big, possibly.
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
but at any given night, i'd still pop that ass like a prozac.
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hastag doublewhammy
username _or maybe some once monthly fuckin boniva or somethin. hyperlink
i'm taking eliquis not worfrin.
meds. went from prozac to lexapro. doctor also diagnosed me add. so he is giving me sample pills of strattera every week. i'm attemping-
username yeah i've taken it before but it didnt work for me... then i tried prozac now i don't take anything.. i just cope. x miss u
one bottle reads seroquel and the other reads cymbalta im like hyperlink
the januvia finally kicked in after a week and my blood glucose is down to the 130s from over 300 2 weeks ago.
anyone have any metoprolol? blood pressure rising. hastag votewtf
the d rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
unsure how fluticasone will help the fluid behind my ear (causing an infection and vertigo,) but i'll do it anyway.
a harmonious tobacco flavor and pornographic albuterol overtones are merged in the 1990 syrah from redwood river winery. #5sos
username holy fuking shit! ikr! i had to exceed my puffs most of the time just for the ventolin to work and effect everything.
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
username $3b in sales is pretty redic to me considering exubera couldn't sell at all.
lasting response with bayer nexavar in aml - first randomised evidence for benefit of tyrosine kinase inhibitor for this leukaemia hastag ash14
get amazing drugs online from your usa drug specialist at 4806662388 adderall valium percocet nembutal opana roxi oxycontin and more
username username username i suggest buying loperamide too!! u never know...
you break your ribs twice and next thing you know your popping once a month boniva like hastag sallyfield hastag brittlebetty hastag gboyproblems
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
username hastag fluoxetine me
girl in latuda bipolar drug ad confessed to rust she munchausened her kids. bread crumb? hastag truedetective hastag antidepressants
username tried calling 2day about nexium game time photo shoot # nex176237, was sent to 901# even after explaining precisely y i was calling.
woman brings in box full of morphine, oxycodone and other drugs to username after delivered to her house by accident
according to dea, buprenorphine (suboxone) is the only opiate authorized to treat addiction and the md needs a separate permit to write it.
username username well now i'll miss the lunesta window...so i won't.
ranbaxy has sued the fda for revoking approvals granted to it to launch copies of two drugs—astrazeneca’s nexium roche ag's valcyte.
username im running low on diclofenac sodium and codeine phosphate.
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
username because i texted my gm like a hour and a galf ago amd said troll darvon on iverson face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
bettaney.  some time earlier. 6.23am.  23-24 lower marsh street london se1 7rj olanzapine. (disorientated) arranges face.
hastag fda's bright notes labeling changed for $pfe's exubera in sept 2008 to reflect lung cancer cases; $pfe withdrew same month due to low sales
username username username username metformin or diabeta any more because of the kidney,
username lamictal, currently
username &lt;.&lt; &gt;.&gt; *grabs all the glipizide, januvia, crestor omeprazole and scuttles away*
username she probably meant crestor haha
so i'm watching side effects the old shrink is telling the new shrink what girl used to take says effexor. i'm like hey i take that lmao
i'm rly into this new furry symbicort commercial
username hope you die of bone erosion. have fun taking boniva the rest of ur life
username :d gotta say, those were two of my favorites. meridia is my third but only cause non-evil deadra.
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
username have you tried ranolazine yet?
what's worse, neuropathy or the drugs they prescribe you for it? hastag gabapentin hastag pregabalin hastag duloxetine
study: combination of varenicline and nicotine patch best way to quit smoking
username aade charlotte at uncc today merck is here with januvia hyperlink
username username think id prefer shampoo to imodium winking face
why are cancer drugs so hard to spell/remember? like who sat there and thought that natalixumab aka tysabri was a good name?
suboxone wrapper layin on the floor of the work truck lolol these cats are outta control
username username anthe antara
yik yak is where i found my adderall connect
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
did you know that chromium picolinate is a natural way to control diabetes ii - my levels from 250's on januvia to 100 on chromium username
top 15 drugs associated with fatal events 8. lipitor 9. enbrel 10. celebrex they dont want you to know
username unfamiliar with this. any correlation with aptt and efficacy? i say we just use rivaroxaban or apixaban instead...
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
username you (manufacturer) cannot answer questions about nexium otc, yet neither can username who markets? scoville would be sullen!
anybody interested in funding 2 push charters in chicago - should check out the 990s exelon foundation paving the way to nuke chi schools
i plan on being in bed by 8 am and sleeping til at least 5 pm wishin' i had that lunesta but i guess a bunch of otc sleep aids will do
double booked - tattoo + tysabri on the20th,who knew that it was possible to double book 2lots of torture hastag fud hastag iwantmytattoomorethantysabri
username imagine the headlines chg to onglyza increases heart failure risks, while has no benefit in preventing heart attacks. yikes.
username username well it works only because ventolin is both, so i lucked out
username  your tweets are depressing me. haha. hastag paxil
my mom condones me selling her oxycontin pills and my sisters adderall hastag iamtheplug
it's been about 2 weeks since i cold-turkey quit taking 100mg desvenlafaxine every day for the past year. didn't have any withdrawal
yay lyrica to the rescue
username username oh yeah. lots of enforcement power. just like the fda. way to go on vioxx and avandia, guys...
username enbrel only useful for arthritis. stills fevers, rashes etc) needs kineret or actemra - insurance is about $ yours vs theirs
nexium solves most problems in this house.
8 diclofenac tablets/capsules pumped in a riham cola! high school height
i feel like i just took some viibryd with the chest pains of zoloft omg
i once watch a nuvaring infomercial for a half hour before i realized it was a username original movie
username username username nexium not good for b12.
username nooooo. just the lozenges and sprays. nicotine increases metabolic rate. *drinks double cream*
username same. unless it happens accidentally. that's why i always carry imodium
username username oh joy and indeed.....hoorah..... only 3 sleeps till mon. the thought of work has me shopping online for tomazepam =-o
username you’ve finished with your med pass already? pappy’s got game! throwing geodon like rip taylor threw confetti?
username how long to feel normal after quitting suboxone ? the doctor that prescribed it has no clue. 37 days clean after using for 6 years.
username make them laugh with ur lembap attitude it works sometimes haha . btw sentap antara kawan kejap je ika :)
username yeah let's hope so :) but if not will just sort it out.. am on lamotrigine.. what u on at the moment?
username username username username username the elephant in spiriva ad is an example of exploitation. remove elephant ads!
username i took two and made miralax in water. so if that's any insight, i hope it helps!
and i've hit the sweet spot with the flovent i think. didn't cough last night or need to use inhaler.
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
username tamiflu can be like a miracle medicine for some types of flu so dont wait terry
gsk returns ex-australian rights for osteoporosis denosumab to amgen in return for $275 million in upfront and milestone payments
*guy walks out of pharmacy with drug bag* me: what drug do you think he's on mom?? mom: well he's talking to himself. me: seroquel xr
username take a miralax each day and you'll be fine.
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
baby fever is some shit. fuck them damn kids bitch i need a nuvaring
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
listening to the disclaimers on the lyrica pregabalin commercial, you'd notice that they list, as a side effect - suicidal thoughts erection
username loperamide is the chemical name. it's the same as immodium but way cheaper
up all night in complete agony with hastag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hastag zombie
30 days od hope- day 22 deanna; i am synthroid free and my labs are normal!!! yes, i used caps, because coming off medications is worth...
username i've increased my steroid inhaler, got ventolin + salmetarol inhalers too. had my antibiotic + paracetamol lol
zender: use mouse liver cancer mouse model and stable rnai to directly conduct in-vivo work on sorafenib sensitizers hastag aacr14
username viox are nobody's clearly same with tsr otherwise u would still be there at least g3no have there pride what do u have 3 clans in1
clearly today i have made the most of my pr soapbox! even had a name check and comment read out on itv meridia
due to excessive advertising, my fantasy baseball name next yr will be sildenafil citrate.
ranbaxy will finally launch in the us market, the first generic version of diovan (valsartan), with 180 days exclusive marketing opportunity
so by the end of next week i will be 100% nicotine free. smoking is dumb habit!
my lyrica deeper than the sea floor
hey there kraken this is trazodone, trazodone meet kraken and his friend sleepy time.
i hate the new xarelto commercial. the dietary restriction of coumadin is just eat the same number of green veggies a day.
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
username i'm currently on asenapine but i'll be starting aripiprazole + inderal on top of that. i also did clonazepam before
my nuvaring game too strong , just ask my kids ! wait you can't cuz i don't have any face with tears of joy that vine is funny
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
mmm a checmical tickeling my gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor causing a anxiolytic effect followed by a breakdown into alpha-hydroxyetizolam
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
username worse than peyote! or powdered delotted, demerol, and darvon combos!
rt username is it hot in here or am i just depressed? fda just approved an antidepressant--paxil-- for hot flashes. see my story: …
username lol okay bae- its a cold though so i'm not sure imodium would help! xxx
username that's the most unromantic thing i have ever heard may be one of them is suffering from loose motions so to buy imodium
take an adderall to help you find your other missing adderall. logic.
liraglutide - dr fulcher username updates re victoza hastag adsadea2013 hastag diabetes
only 60mg of paxil a.m 30mg temazepam p.m.. plus other meds. blarg .
username yeah the whole damn bottle. i got plenty of temazepam tho
i dont think he's an idol, look at his hands(?)._. username siapakah di antara mummy dan avatar ini/?@luna__irp hyperlink
*goes to the doctors* i need a prescription for adderall asap because my senioritis is only getting worse
just took a seroquel lets what good wit these bars
(ostomax) diclofenac potassium tablet 50mg is a pain-relief medication that is co, painful menstrual periods, and general pain.
username oh the lozenge! haha but im getting impatient xd
viibryd is safe at home and doing well. all the boys are getting along great so far!
username he eventually got a prescription for nexium which worked better/lasted longer - if the zantac helps ask your doc about it?
username you see? i only get a little testy without the paxil, provided i'm not beaten, raped forced to drop out of school that day.
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
well back on humira plus steroids. crap crap crap!!!!!
i do not understand how people prefer vyvanse over adderall.
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hastag bcproblems
well physio tomorrow, just been thinking, since i started tysabri two years ago, i haven't relapsed or progressed ! from aggressive to stop!
i could make a boniva joke but sally field actually just looks great hastag oscars
ticagrelor trade name is brilinta (misspelled on slide). you don't need to know trade names.
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
it's so annoying to shave... maybe i shouldn't try now, tho... never taken seroquel n i heard they drowsy medication
username holly i would stay away from tysabri and start the tecfidera. make sure b4 you start tecfidera your doc tests you for jc virus
there is 255 mg of nicotine per can of chewing tobacco. enough to kill you two times over.
drugs in the fluoroquinolone class:ciprofloxacin, gatifloxacin, gemifloxacin, levofloxacin, moxifloxacin norfloxacin; risk for kidney pbms
whatever you do, don't get the victoza epipen!!! i counted 50 serious side effects!
just arrived at gatwick. extra legroom seats on the plane to the dominican republic. anyone got cipro going spare? hastag delhibelly
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
yeah, i'm sure drinking a glass of milk, that you are allergic to, is better than taking your boniva - awesome
speaking of mental illness, i got seroquel today. hardly slept in a week. taking a big dose at 9pm and passing out for 12 hours.
now, vincent tukei (bipai, uganda; chapas-3) on who-guidelines and efavirenz in children (10-20 kg) hastag edctpforum
username i tried fluoxetine. it knocked me out.
username ive had tests done for 2 years. im having another test in a few weeks. if you can get a tablet called nexium prescribed get it
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
username thanks! always feel free to send any suboxone folks my way if and i'll see if i can be of assistance. username
username so true. yeah, been back at it full time since may / early june time. again, it's fine. just necking loperamide like sweets.
username i do too. i name them and they hang out, until mom makes me take my seroquel,
hastag astronaut: aliskiren reduces all cause death within 12 months in non-diabetics by nearly 20% - aldo maggioni hastag esccongress2013
crestor *and* lipitor?! someone needs a cmr, stat! rt: username hahaha hyperlink
thank based god for restoril hastag illseeyouinsomnia
username if not happy with cymbalta, please, please look into savella! dual uptake inhibitor. blocks nerves and uptake in one dose.
username apart from enbrel i also use insulin x 4 so i have to move things around a lot and have used ice. but i'm nice and squishy too.
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
ventolin - i love you! red heart
demands of meridia fall upon me. as i collect my accolades, i'm also sent to work the peace of the alliances. hyperlink
username username username username i have to look into that i been on the neb with advair and inhaler too often!
headlines username 11 am ranbaxy says: us court rules in favour of co in nexium generic litigation
pariet &gt; ganaton &gt; catation &gt; nexium &gt; gaviscon mendapat ;'(
atazanavir and ritonavir are my new enemies!
day #2 victoza so far, i have managed to stick my finger with the needle after using the insulin pen! on day 1, i didn't stick myself right!
username all the effort and passion in the world is nt enough. paxil patients r suffering from a giant hole ripped in their soul.
username another vioxx story. this case also shows that it is scarry to have chronic disease and to be addicted to medications
i get separation anxiety if i'm away from blankie for more than an hour and i have to whip out the klonapin and seroquel hastag panicattack
also, if it's sunday, it's enbrel shot time.
my life is a cymbalta commercial hastag letsbereal
username yeah, i've already been on cymbalta and lexapro in the last year.
angry turds: miralax edition username hastag elderlyvideogames
username tysabri is one of the best treatmens for ms out there.. until the pills get better i will stay with it.
time to lay down. trazodone is kicking in. zzzzzzzzz
username hi annette, i've slowly started to increase pregabalin again. no improvement yet, still in a lot of pain. problem is, it will
tomorrow, you are a career pharmacist filling out a prescription for success. pop promotion pills and od on the temazepam of triumph.
oh no! the lunesta butterfly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hastag peterpanlive
username actually the nps recently highlighted the fact that pradaxa levels need to be monitored - don't believe the marketing hype!
i have to drink this whole fucking thing theres a bottle of miralax in it hyperlink
rt username pregabalin and duloxetine are approved by the u.s. food and drug administration for the treatment of fibromyalgia.
username can you look into why it's gotten so bad in this area re outages? is exelon not putting $ into infrastructure?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. explains more
watching my nana suffer from the effects from this boniva shot, is torture to my soul. so many stories out there hastag poison
username mostly adderall haha
moms making me take tamiflu to make sure i don't get it grinning face with sweat expressionless face
fuck you n your ventolin bruh
username or adderall
i need to breathe . i need a punching bag . i need some prozac . and some fucking e&amp;j . probably to go back to sleep
lmao boy genius head ass face with tears of joy rt@kiiwhii: username no if you took adderall you'd figure out time travel and teleportation boy bye
username username check thalidomide the arrogance of science and profit remember rome and their lead water pipes
i ain't makin it thru the week without oxycodone in something
watching hoarders and the lady is depressed and my mom goes she needs cymbalta hastag jennisms username
you don't need crestor you need christ!
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
30mg of paroxetine
getting my medication for my multiple sclerosis, it's tysabri time ! hyperlink
username i don't have statuses or pictures or nicotine so i'm just annoyance to her daily life anyways.
haunting lyrics.  you’re a widow, liquor liver, suboxone under my tongue private numb, one more time for dying young. hastag eyedea crazy.
secretly scared of people who take adderall
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
username there was a time when tysabri was the thing for all autoimmune diseases. safe as aspirin it was, until it wasn't
thalidomide wrote:i know i've barely posted in this thread at all this season, but i just want you all to know that i have decided to...
depression hurts and cymbalta can't help a real nigga
tonight on b&amp;b: beavis gambles. butthead reads about imodium ad. huh huh.
username i've just dropped the last 2 temazepam em gave me... fuck you brain.
2nd day off opiates (again) w loperamide only and all i wanna do is masturbate n cry
someone needs to get mike emerick a cup of coffee and a throat lozenge hastag becauseitsthecup
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
ciprofloxacin has its commerce up-to-datish diverse sectors too have eyes for herbal, sustained note supplements:
i feel sick sleepy nauseous i need a bowl of soup a nexium a nap.
username thalidomide survivors and their families talk about how society has treated them through the years.
just heard a great debate on hastag remicade from hastag ddw but now im just more unsure if i should stay on hastag humira... hastag crohnsproblems
rosuvastatin reduces plaque volume in stemi patients!!
username he overdosded on trazodone (anti depression pills) the standard dosage was 1 he took 8...
who got the suboxone tho?
i feel like a thalidomide baby seal clubbing its way out of a paper bag with glowsticks.
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
username username yes no amount if imodium could persuade dwp onto the programme!!
oh, no! not username looks like we need some boniva in hastag nascar.
username potential diff. is contrave not yet rejected in eu. 70% of meridia xenical sales were ex-us, no generic phentermine compet.
uma still take ah seroquel tho.
interesting to see brent saunders at $frx buying saphris -- one of his old products from schering -- from $mrk.
username ima make u some miralax tea when we meet again
username hahaha kharma! lolz! i have a six pack of blue moon but wanted something to take my lunesta with lol
13th floor. oh, tropicana. also jon stewart and some alluring imodium ad.
username i've come off mine but pdoc wants me to give quetiapine another whirl.
someone bring me a nugget po boy with chips with an extra large lemon drop and a lunesta
levothyroxine and looked like a guilty pee atomic
literally just took a puff of ventolin to show how to use an inhaler. i now truly understand the importance of counseling lolz
username username 300mg quetiapine once before bed. you'll be right as rain. you take care of yourself, dear.
i take synthroid 0.125mcg, i have acid reflux, i have to wait six hours to take antacid or it cancels out my synthroid.
username remember tamiflu vaccines a huge waste of money driven by hysteria... hastag thelieswearetold
username don't be afraid of birth control! if you're weirded out about shoving a nuvaring up in you, remember, it's not as bad as iuds
username username  boys, have a match tomorrow at 7 am so gots to get but will watch til lunesta kicks in..  hastag huntfororangeoctober
latuda just said to beat bi-polar disease i have to die!
spending money hurts, cymbalta can help! username
*takes a vyvanse instead*
tamazepam fam, that's the plan username
avivas purple inhaler is an advair inhaler, i had one, it's for seasonal allergies, like when there's too much pollen in the air, she suck
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
username yeah because with cancer you can just take geodon and learn how to live with it for the rest of your life.
$arna hastag diabetes indications? hastag belviq lowers hba1c by ~ 0.9% points vs placebo. (virtually no side effects) metformin ~1.1%; januvia ~0.7%.
low long til the first child named latuda is born?
my boy username just downed a fucking miralax show. hardcore
username sciatica is nerve pain, which is what gabapentin works on. amitriptyline enhances its effects. makes sense to me.
prob gonna call it an early night tonight. lunesta or trazodone? i dunno yet... hastag drugs hastag insomnia
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
*crosses arms and scoffs* oh goodie. alvin's back. now meridia can ignore sanguine even more.
username i live at around a pain level 6-7 on oxycontin 40 mg/day, topamax 150 mg, cymbalta 60 mg. i get down to pain free when i take
cymbalta can help. lmao. they have enough side effects to make you depressed.
username username username username username i clearly should not have taken that extra gabapentin this morning.
lovely lozenge
latuda and vodka; what a wonderful phrase. latida and vodka, ain't no passing craze!
after days of fevers, i finally broke down and went to the doctor today. tamiflu and levaquin i've never been more glad to see you!
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
suboxone is a cock block
hastag schizophrenia hastag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hastag abilify. suits me well.
symbicort is gaaay dont ever get that prescription filled
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
username princess cymbalta has been kidnapped by the vile lord imitrix! you must rescue her!
sources say: to supply apis for diovan generic divi's lab price:1419 change: +61.55 percent change: +4.53%
u know u ghetto when your cousins name latuda and his cousins are latiqua and ladasha.....not that i have a cousin like that hehehe
tamiflu revealed to kill ebola within seconds.
completely forgot i was on vyvanse and drank the whole night...
pfizer wound up pulling exubera from the market in 2007. $mnkd ready to drop down? i'm ready!
the movie prozac nation is literally me. every fucking day.
another typical night suboxone theft already. thanks fuckn jerk
ranbaxy's long-delayed valsartan generic ( $nvs hastag diovan) approved this morning in us, hastag fda confirms; ht to my pan colleague username
username those don't work for me. i have to take lunesta and use essential oils,
1/2 $mnkd b/c yes, its obviously a better investment going w/ failed exubera guy on product that
username username username lol karp's weak-ass position. exubera was longer than my arm. mannkind is also worth technosphere
alkie vineyards unites satirical albuterol flavors and a cruel pickle flavor in their 1997 syrah. hastag atlético
username have your ventolin handy, too
the side effects listed on that ad got me jonezn' for an 8 ball of latuda
arghh my bloody head hurts. this is worst headache i've had in ages. if the quetiapine don't work i'm taking paracetamol
username username that's why i hope you never take prozac, because i want your peepee to be hard and strong for all eternity.
username i know simon i've been having the same battle 4 10years,on metformin now,keep up ur efforts though.
taking too much adderall and then downloading the app don't step the tile will fuck with you so hard
finally they're gonna give me my latuda gain next week. and a new docs coming. gone the days of boring tweets then
this is 1st cast where i only watch the tv shows.the feeds were just 2 boring for words.i felt like i was on the wings of lunesta zzzz hastag bb16
username lol..!! had seen this happen at some rosuvastatin sponsored cme..!!
hastag followfriday! username nicotine? too simple. i'm addicted to another chemical compound, it's called human.”
dex last night tonight and it's velcade today. the fight continues. hastag myelomasucks
latest updates on levofloxacin by dr.muchsin achsan, sppd-kpti, finasim username
still feel like crap, just took my evening lozenge, i think it took a couple days to work when i was in eilat too
i still take latuda which seems to be working better than any medication i have ever been on.
maybe he's asking the doctor if crestor is right for him? hastag research? rt username parker calling for the doctor.
harley lozenge styles
see a bird of nlhe, politics lover plane protocol vesicare lois cuba, so that we no relation horse ebooks kfc constipation
my mom: you can get preggo on the nuvaring me: expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face coulda told me this months ago when i told you i was starting it
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username like i said, wasn't the quarter per se. was what was said on the call which made advair weakness seem lien structural change
off home... that'll teach me to miss a venlafaxine dose. thanks nhs for your cost cutting exercise.
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
latuda is the name of a depression medicine. i can't even say that without giggling much less be depressed hastag latuda
username hi rahat, i just noticed that you're on pregabalin as well, i have been on it for 5yrs, and now up to 600mg a day. like you
naming pharmaceuticals after black girls now. latuda be all, boy, whatchoo depressed about? pshhh hyperlink
this pristiq ad with the wind up people is more creepy than ever. hastag badmarketingboo hastag bkkingwascreepytoo hyperlink
i tried pristiq once since i thought it might give me a more responsive dick but the side effects were absolute hell
username if by pay for drugs you mean his behavioral therapy sessions and suboxone then yeah. totally. hastag drugdealer
depressed? just think about the word latuda and have a quick laugh.
where can i go to get an adderall / vyvanse / focalin / cocaine prescription?
username username username username doesn't mean worldwide thalidomide was rejected in timely manner.
atomoxetine generic 10mg was suck, but strattera 10 + 5mg is super. what's so different? i'm so fine now.
username get on that nexium shawty
side effects of levaquin, cipro may increase risk of kidney injuries: study hastag news hastag warningsandstudies hastag antibiotics
username had the misfortune of walking close enough to a shrine of meridia for her to sense me. the blast just singed me.
had lights out no internet going movie playing relaxed feeling my suboxone then what the fuck changed?
hastag follow to hastag download bortezomib in the treatment of multiple myeloma username
the more you tweet about how depressed you are the more depressed you will be so stop and go get some prozac
reference labs*physician labs, suboxone start-up practices. medical billing*credentialing*consultants. call us toll free 1-844-856-8011.
who else see this victoza commercial and yell in a riff raff voice dominique wilkins!! hyperlink
username it's because there is metformin in it. i'm on two meds...janumet and another one that curbs my appetite
username it's alright, sometimes you just need to vent lest you go stark raving mad. :). have a great lunesta sleep.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username actually ....b(in case u wouldnt see the pic) a bitter coffee aaaand yas, presto and my ventolin hyperlink
hastag ptotd memantine significantly reduces the progression of hastag alzheimers through noncompetitive antagonism of nmda receptors.
the eliquis commercial has the worst basketball i've ever seen in my life
on hastag victoza commercial...don't take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of its ingredients.  hastag duh hastag srsly hyperlink
suboxone will cause opioid addiction to subside.
username ..... looks more like avandia 8mg :)
username ethanol, caffeine, nicotine pharma drug takers continue to label their toxic drugs' competition - hastag cannabis - a dangerous drug.
fritos pizza? followed by three days of imodium
username wanna say thank you so much glaxosmithkline for making me live longer and even feel better with your ventolin expectorant. long live!
username didn't say that. i logically lean on things like thalidomide and azt. say in 4 generations they have perfect eyes and pouches.
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
cymbalta can help. hastag depression hyperlink
if you take eliquis you could bleed to death from your asshole. hastag eliquis
username lol pregabalin tramadol ibuprofen paracetamol diazepam amatriptalin mindfulness course this week
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
learning the basics of t2dm and it makes me feel proud im with januvia family. hastag bewell hastag labanmsd hastag wearethebestdpp4
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
username blimey, i had no idea inhalers were so expensive! i'd pay the extra for a proper ventolin though
username so u have not been on remicade or humira before
username username i take 20mg of fluoxetine daily (apriciate its a low dose) i call them my nutty pills im not offended either dr c
i don't even mess around with poop pains anymore, i'll drink a whole bottle of miralax idc
ivy league news: effexor in morning or bedtime: now i was given leaflet provided by your freedom. of rfid signals specialists at corn...
username i was on geodon which is similar to latuda and it fucked me up. everyone's brains are different
who has taken my fucking fluoxetine?
username i don't miss mine. vyvanse is better in every way
antara hooked on a feeling sama let it go lebih keren hooked on a feeling lah
username dulera! that shit sucks my insurance wont pay for advair anymore so i have to use it
dear authorities, the people that didn't want a zostavax shot last year still don't want one this year. please let us leave them alone.
maher karam-hage username accumulated evidence shows varenicline does not cause cv events, neuropsychiatric effects hastag chest2014
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
gtta go copp some latuda for shawty weary face
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
username the hastag scandalhangover is real like holyfield in this camp. sooo stoked 4 s3. imma need some boniva cuz i stay person bowing 2 sr team
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
username suboxone withdrawals
username username is it safe to use semtex with the bipolar medication quetiapine? xx” recommend speaking with gp babes x
b12 isn't going to do it when i am already tired.. i need adderall or focalin
phase 3a data from largest trial with liraglutide 3 mg demonstrated significantly greater weight loss versus placebo ... ...
username username i just want pristiq to continue stopping my brain from telling me i'm this sad...at least as well as it used to
that's all full of gabapentin too which is a hella strong painkiller
username i understand. i used to take enbrel before it was covered. newer autoimmune rx take awhile to get in formularies. username
username is an improved vioxx in the market now under a new name?
i need some lunesta sleeping face face with tears of joy i just can't sleep
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
username username yes to all the above. and for less invasive surgery cont home buprenorphine dose + bup q4 prn breakthrough pain.
username it's like throwing back a few lunesta
i guess that vyvanse want a good idea i just want to sleeeeep
username yep!!! nuvaring makes me do that lol
alert: us fda approves ranbaxy labratories' generic version of novartis ag's blood pressure pill diovan - reuters ...
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
username i am on keppra as well 3000mg a day. and now they want too switch me too lamictal but i'm unsure cause keppra is working
username yeah, and diclofenac
back having tysabri this am then ms nurse strait after i am a lucky boy
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
patient: what's ready for me. me: namenda pt: i don't recall what that's for. me: memory pt: i guess i need that.
don't smoke cigarettes for nicotine shortens life! smokeв marijuana for laughter prolongs life:))
aphex twin – ventolin [cylob mix]  hastag nowplaying
just mistook a cymbalta commercial for a preview for a new nicholas sparks movie. too bad. it looked like a good one.
username username why prescribe brand avelox when generic levofloxacin works just as well? not for the aca, but be cognisant of..
twitter has a dose of nicotine hidden in it
picking up my enbrel tomorrow or thursday! nervous but excited. hopefully the nurse will let me inject with my hand like this.
melissa wilson from penn talking about addis sorafenib to carboplatin and pacilitaxrl in melanoma hastag aacr14
trying to decide if i should take the saphris tonight or not.
rt username filling prescription for effexor. turns out i can't keep up the rock star positivity (alone) forever. hot flashes no sleep =…
username oh, and belimumab not agreed by every payer so very tough. i have only got 2 so far on belimumab in a specialist centre!!
tmi the nurse just said you could take imodium but that might put you too far in the opposite direction lmao
username username username sure crestor sensit genetic. even my right of gangis khan cardio raved about how he suffers in silence.
just got polled on the congressional race username username username minimum wage. pollster metamorphasis.  hastag necon
username florida is in need of cymbalta! all this depression and shit! l o fucking l
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
username username i went to my doctor when my husband was deployed for insomnia, he gave me, xanax, zoloft, darvocet and trazedone.. yes
username same here sitagliptin is a pain
who cares if you're constipated? that's what miralax is for
call me a misery but i can't get too excited about astrazeneca's upgrade when much of it must rest on delay to nexium generics. $azn
username username if you get tamiflu it goes down that day
username username jane's addiction to boniva and polydent hastag oldermusicians
username yeah been trying to avoid pregabalin myself. pain or fatter hmmm what a choice
username i take four imodium a day as per my surgeon. 1 before each meal. one before bedtime. works well for me. 1-3 bms a day.
can someone get darren lockyer a lozenge hastag soo
username it's mainly because i get to see my psych today after 3 weeks!! also did i tell you that my gp put me on fluoxetine??
wonder how many times they said the word bleeding on this xarelto commercial
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
username username al (i'm not really a rev.) sharpton always sounds as if the prozac is just wearing off when he goes on air.
when i took ambien, i would sleep read/buy kindle books. luckily i have good sleep taste. lunesta doesn't do that to me. username
24hrs went from 100-0 lol jack ginger last night, albuterol flovent tonight lol
i hope the humira starts working as fast as the remicade did.
username that must be nice. i'm on symbicort since i constantly develop bronchitis too. every time i get a cold...
username i agree. making cremation arrangements for khaleesi :( she isn't doing great. getting her buprenorphine to be sure she's okay
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
username have some quetiapine .. 700mg a day.. it will make your penis big
do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hastag fda approved: hastag quetiapine aka hastag seroquel
username dang. maybe he laced my weed with lunesta
 flushed face why am i still awake? i took 400mg of seroquel.
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hastag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
phil michelson please stop making enbrel commercials. no one likes you.
etanercept biosimilar hd203 show equal acr20 response of 83% in ra compared to ref etn. korean hera study of 110 patients each hastag eular2014
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hastag venlafaxine hastag withdrawal
i don't really want to be off geodon bc it takes care of my mania, but idk if i can take that and latuda at the same time
username or fluticasone (flonase)
as of 10am today,sep9, username shipment of 490packs of efavirenz (antiretroviral meds) not yet cleared pending requirements fr doh
username esomeprazole forever !
username    hi would u like to join viox and manger us add me viox shotz
no actualy im on suboxone that ive sold your snap girl username username i aint on metb bro ur bro and dad are on meth stfu
i'm sucking on a throat numbing lozenge and it tastes weirdly of spicy popcorn despite claiming to be cherry.
username can you give januvia with victoza?
username flovent winter comfort food, all the comfort but not too many calories... dumpling depending..
hastag fda bright: fda recommending registry w/ internal comparator for $mnkd's hastag afrezza in light of $pfe exubera lung cancer concerns hastag emdac
maybe i shouldn't of mixed that miralax with my sunny d... flushed face weary face tired face lol
username username they took vioxx off the market. username
username she just drank some water 3 hours ago. i had maybe 1/3 dose buprenorphine to give her so she's sleeping now.
rt username hastag xanaxdreams and the 02:39 fluoxetine seagull drop off
is waking up 5pm honestly that rare? username i need a lunesta hyperlink
spiriva hastag fda adcom: is mortality imbalance of 11 dead vs. 3 dead concerning in a 15k pt study? 9-4 not of concern
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
username should tamiflu be used as a prophylactic for other family members
username titans d needs some imodium to stop those runs. :(
oh, wow, progesterone actually inhibits 5ar as well. that plus avodart and casodex and spiro and metformin … testosterone nuked from orbit.
time to ramp up from the low dose symbicort to the high octane symbicort.
username username // gee, you're one picky person, ya know that? :d” // cymbalta can help.
username a, ahh... no it's not, vitamin pills are inside in this case. is tadalafil the viagra...? i didn't know...
and tysabri is much more expensive than the very expensive avonex but you get it at dr office so insurance covers it.
denosumab or biphosphonates for painful bone metastases
but what is vioxx though?? i guess i'll never truly need to know
ads like the crestor commercials are stupid...sends the message that hey you don't have to take care of yourself..just take this pill grinning face with big eyes hastag sucker
ah yes communion wafers (mea culpa etc) rt username q2 big arse metformin tablets. i hate taking a lot of them at once!!! hastag ozdoc
the plenary session at hastag ash2014 looks excellent. excited to hear about sorafenib in aml
metformin is taken with meals to reduce gi distress  hastag unitychats
ada: lilly's once-weekly diabetes drug bests januvia and byetta - pmlive
for two really ugly failures in that arena, look at thalidomide and the nova tv special, the case of the frozen addicts username
dimethyl sulfoxide interacts with which nsaid? a. sulindac b. celecoxib c. naproxen d. indomethacin
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
username username im a super taster and have aspbergers. good luck you too. although my nuvaring makes me like spicey and lettuce o.o
username username guys! you are delusional! you should seek help! risperdal or zyprexa would do the job!
username gabapentin was awful for side effects for me, now on carbamezepine too. much better so far. se's not as bad. yes! it really is.
username i take seroquel too! i used to take klonopin but i switched to xanax and then to ativan
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
qe ventolin la putaaaa, i believe i can fly♪ ah
either way, had to take the strong brainkillers as i missed at least 2 doses of pregabalin
heroin substitute hits a new high as methadone use falls: the use of expensive heroin substitute suboxone has increased 11 fold in sc...
hastag amyloidosis patients who fail to respond to subcutaneous bortezomib may respond to iv administration
username 7 or 9...i can't remember which ever one was the nuvaring line
in the service of meridia hastag skyrim hyperlink
username just been told by the nurse that i don’t need to take metformin any more as my blood sugars are quite low. thanks sw.
21 10mg zolpidem,⁰8 30mg adderall xr,⁰4 2mg xanax, two 8mg/2mg suboxone sublingual film,⁰and 80 1mg clonazepam hyperlink
username i'm surprised that apixaban sales have been so slow.
so conclusionnya, antara nak dgn tak je. plus to keep fit is for ur own good. for the long run. malaysian is the largest obese if xsilap.
username lamictal, propranolol, ativan as needed (2 lower stress that might trigger seizure). previously on keppra, topomax, neurontin
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hastag notgood
username imodium is my dessert every night
that evil flying monkeys need throat lozenge. hastag oz
username antara again damn
username asthma is no joke dude. advair or flovent work really well for me.
only on asa + aggrenox 4 previous cvas; could the patient's access manipulation 1d ago cause the symptoms?
mom, dad... januvia and i broke up. i want you to meet spiriva. yes, like the asthma medication.
username seriously! my first night was a fog, i had 8 20mg oxycontin for every 8 hours, plus 2-3 5mg oxycodone (reg.release)
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
username oh do u take synthroid
i watched a guy overdose on buprenorphine today at the er.  so that was exciting.
username kewl, i used my advair that expired in march and i think it was ok. just havin a lil weak lung moment :p
and my fluoxetine. hmm, hot dayum prozac
changes his horse ebooks dexilant iron ipod rides tom brady goldie hawn woman dogs lifted mlb: angels 8, red sox preparation h
username i probably hv to stay on humira until september, 6 months will b up then. seeing doc 19th, will ask what he thinks.
disappointed by bone density scan results doctor not prescribing $4 copay sildenafil rebranded as pfizer's revatio (for pulmonory)
today a patient came in and said, my doc says i need miralax and a fleet enema...where is that? so i show her
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
watching documentaries until the smallest hours with a lot of temazepam in your system does not make for a productive saturday.
username username i knew the pml was tysabri. didn't know tecfidera too. i do get bloodwork done every 6 mths
let me take a lunesta bc im not here for this.
username i'm on fluoxetine but the name is 'ladose' i take... 30 mg... i started it 1and a half month ago.. they're ok... but im (c)
lunesta would be so so useful
username username we'll have you know that the crestor is all paid off, thank you very much
am version of come together antara paling bes
stomach hurting like shit and i feel dirty as hell. and this is a sign....showerrrrrrr n miralax username
username the lozenge lol
username i had the worst expericence on adderall :/” lmao
rt username vyvanse will be the only thing getting me thru tomorrow... hastag cantsleep weary face
wow, apparently changing my pregabalin from 3 x 50mg to 2 x 75mg will save the nhs over £400 a year!!!! that’s incredible
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
patients on aubagio 14mg were 30% less likely to have disability progression vs placebo. the 7mg dose showed a 24% reduction.
username victoza novo nordisk,keeping the contracts even after all this. forbes says the butter queen is worth 17 million.
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
someone please bring me some vyvanse so cant get thru this shit hastag thestruggle
hastag caep13 q: role for tranexamic acid in massive gi bleed on dabigatran. room divided but panel supports. last ditch effort; weak evidence.
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
pop an adderall and ace your test smiling face
nexium judge not giving defendants directed verdict now, but clearly leaning in their direction.
.@argusradio mustafa, i have 1 word for you: symbicort
911 emergency yes i need a 30mg prescription of adderall plz n thnxs
username i was until i went on pregabalin 6 months ago ;) miracle drug for my generalised anxiety!
metformin for paed obesity: initially assists weight loss however long term results aren't lasting   hastag nationalobesityforum hastag rduk
that the proteasome inhib bortezomib used to treat multiple myeloma causes neuropathy tells us that ups is vital for neurons username
username that's how i am. i've done the shot, the nuvaring and like 4 diff pills. it just destroys my body!
levofloxacin and amikacin helpful in cavitatory tb
merck says nuvaring should not be used by women who smoke, are over age 35 or who have at least one potentially serious medical condition.
time for a spritz of fluticasone propionate! hastag fallallergies
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
how long should 'bone treatment' be prolonged? osanto: stop denosumab after 2 years (although no hard data). hastag pca hastag eau14
username it happens to me to. sucks!! i got some lunesta from my dr. and it helps.
username so true. suboxone seriously saved my life.
biosimilar humira landscape will turn red hot with entry of so many heavyweights to share 10bn $ pie!
ranbaxy gets fda nod to sell generic diovan tablets in us: drug major ranbaxy laboratories has received the u.s. health regulator’s a...
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
username remicade is scary but humira and enbrel are in the same class and have the same side effects. remicade lasts longer
well mines meridia bitch so i'm in the clear ! clapping hands
username chiiiiiiiillll man *puffs out nicotine vapor*
username go to the dr. and get some hastag levaquin 750mg and take it twice a day. had a sinus infection for 2 weeks and that cleared it.
nebivolol is a b3 receptor agonist. it is the only b-blocker that enhances insulin sensitivity. it also releases endothelial no.
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hastag wtf
on a higher dose of pregabalin 2night. prescribed 4 nerve damage in my leg but works great for anxiety. stress free times ahead. (maybe)
on 8/22, my insurance told me aca only applies to pills. today, they say i have to apply for permission to get nuvaring instead of pills.
keep taking the lamotrigine. maybe a miracle will happen. maybe you'll get back together. wishful thinking, dumbass.
next time the commercial is on for victoza please listen to all the side effects. death in a bottle.
exactly one week and one day, have battled battled but have had to succumb to the aide of the high mighty imodium god.
username i take as few as poss due to the effects of campath. but am useless without pregabalin :-( x
picking up mom at the cath center st bernard's 40% blockage but no stent just crestor type meds low fat diet i guarantee she will have bacon
rt username hastag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hastag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
username why did you quit covering advair diskus. only med that makes me feel like i don't have asthma. symbicort, dulera not as good.
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
username i take trazodone for my hastag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hastag ozsleep
i'm the perfect mixture of hatred, vodka and nicotine.
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
username thalidomide - miracle cure, caused horrendous birth defects, now good for certain uses
this girl is on fire! so you needed what? diflucan? flagyl? cipro? pyridium? all of the above!
username i suffer from new daily persistent headaches. my dr has me on gabapentin and botox and they are working wonders.
i may need to up my cymbalta. i want to dump this girl's sno-cone on her head. and that really won't go over well. username
this victoza commercial: please see a doctor if you develop a bruise or lump in your neck.... what the fuck......
does anyone find that vyvanse makes you a horny slut nugget? i've always been on adderall but just started vyvanse and let's just say smiling face with horns smiling face with horns smiling face with horns smiling face with horns smiling face with horns
username username poor things! they wanna try withdrawal from venlafaxine. think i might sue the pharma company.
username run to mine and bring me some temazepam as a consolation payment for waking me up :))))
username also, most suboxone docs simply do not understand the pharmacokinetics of buprenorphine.
omg i am here at one of the hospitals and there is a patient who overdosed on sildenafil (viagra), his new friend is about to be amputated.
rt username hastag fda rejects hastag bayer’s hastag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hastag pharma #…
username thank you, but i'm angry not depressed. hell at least those people got prozac.
hats off to vettel such an effient german.
zytiga porkchop honeyberry pizza hut diarrhea smell, and...your feet need to bozart the muppet movie xarelto
q2 big arse metformin tablets. i hate taking a lot of them at once!!! that's what i'd really do away with!!  hastag ozdoc
not allowed to eat anything 36hrs before surgery, &amp;have to take 2 dulcolax and a miralax the day before, which happens to be my boy's bday unamused face
depression hurts. cymbalta can help
username after a many of tests.... nuvaring stays put. winking face trust me on this
1st up defronzo - empagliflozin (sglt2) vs linagliptin (dpp4i) as add on to metformin in t2d. nb exclusion egfr &lt;60. varied doses combos.
username was on gabapentin for a while bur got no relief. put me on pregabalin along with oxycontin amitripteline oxynorm etc
username username thankfully no side effects from the neurontin
stupid humira. stupid crohn's disease! lol hastag justthankfultobealive
username username the movie brave is on, my kid gets her meridia doll but i see brianna, lol  hastag outlander hyperlink
a 2009 study found curcumin was 500 to 100,000 times more effective than the prescription drug metformin at activating glucose uptake....
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hastag funtimes
gps fundraiser. exelon corp in the house! hyperlink
tramadol, pentazocine diclofenac can surely take the pains away pill syringe @caramary3: ain't got no doctor or pill that can take the pain away”
hackett: one study shows that nebivolol is better than carvedilol at altitude. hastag wmspc14
username that miralax though face with tears of joy
pumpkin icream with lunesta sprinkles &lt;3
reem better stop fucking around and get him some nexium before that heartburn be the death of him.
fucka nuvaring pouting face annoyin ass thing
asking my doctor about eliquis tomorrow.
shit hodgy is a fucking savage like his lyrica are to fucking crazy!
latuda is right for me
i took a lunesta 3 hours ago and im still wide awake unamused face
username i had to google what cymbalta was because i was thinking it was the same as cialis
pfizer and msd to co-promote the diabetes 'franchise' sitagliptin (januvia) for type 2 diabetes
username its actually under my company's rate. actual price 1k plus per night. kalau nak, kena pergi antara 1 march 2015 - 31 oct 2015
username username username username username thalidomide prevented morning sickness - another breakthrough
plus i also take 1200mg ibuprofen a day (can't have steroids, obviously) and if things go well i could add neurontin if needed. hastag determined
username username actually dead jealous wanted to go for ages look forward to hearing how you get on presume you have lots of imodium
username username username i just filled my prescription for xarelto! :-d
it's the psychiatric icu tonight. behavioral restraints are everywhere and the geodon is flowing freely.
she texts me like my nuvaring was out of place.. it was on my wall and not all da way to da back.. i aint know til i got hom
thur username username most effective [flu] drugs are tamiflu relenza. tamiflu = genentech/roche relenza = gsk hastag shill
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hastag bloated hastag jpouch hastag ibd
username xopenex kills
fda turns back new indication for rivaroxaban to prevent stent thrombosis in acs patients ...
hmu if you can get adderall
username is it ok to take rasberry ketone if i am also taking paroxetine?
username eg? well function dia utk maintain the pressure so kira antara part penting ah kalau nak built transportation
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
username little over 3 years. i'm on lamictal and zoloft, zoloft is more recent. it's not as easy as it used to be but i can do it.
username a little synthroid never hurt anyone. get some im b12. that's where the energy is at.
username do you need a throat lozenge?
username the xarelto letter wasn't really about bolding as much as unconnected-ness (i.e. color scheme, borders, layout, and graphics)
that was the weirdest boniva commercial i've ever seen hastag sallyfield hastag theoscars2014
username understandable. and if you take lunesta too much it won’t work. i take it maybe twice a week
username taking 3200mg of gabapentin a day yes tests weekly but no cure per 7 specialists
fun facts: do you know what meds are 4 bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approve combination of hastag olanzapine hastag fluoxetine
it is my 30th tysabri treatment tomorrow~ or today! i am looking forward to a better future, with health on my side. hastag angels hastag inspire hastag happy
i think advair makes my skin dry
username advair a asthma medicine you have probably seen advertised on tv costs $300 in this country. $35 dollars in france.
username somebody commented on my vine and said i must have had red bull face with tears of joy ” and adderall with how fast yu was goin my nigga
i can't feel much pain in my extremities in general because of the amount of gabapentin in my system, but it's not moving too well.
i have a brand new bottle of paroxetine and a full bottle of bacardi. don't think i won't do it.
username username i was allergic to it, i take cymbalta
ventolin nebule : out of stock expressionless face no nebulizer for now so back to basic
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
username username username when home. i'm on like my 100thmg of addy 50mg vyvanse in less than 48. im out of it
does medicine like oxybutin and ditropan got the same effect and so all other examples
username my dad's havanese is in love with chopper the cutie from the cymbalta and travelers' ads she barks, sits up and nudges the tv
i've been drinking miralax like it's vodka. and for me that's a lot.
username as my twitter psych nurse you should know i'm starting a gradual venlafaxine withdrawal from tmrw. i may explode or become mad.
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
i'm going to take an eliquis and bleed out
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
first enbrel injection tonight o.o hastag nervous hastag psoriasis hastag psoriaticarthritis hastag psoriasisfoundation
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
lilly weekly diabetes drug succeeds vs market leader victoza -study
omeoprazol+ diclofenac = fin de finde.
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
i'm back baby!!! ankle taped, ventolin for the bushfire smoke and blazing aussie sun, but im back!! username hyperlink
that niggas on adderall lol
2wks into hastag enbrel...again. plz work now!
username so whats the alternative of levofloxacin in sinusitis ?
username prozac was the only thing i liked, they gave me strattera and paxil before and dear god no should ever have to take paxil
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
sorcery! pain actually feeling better. nandao this kind of pain really helped by lyrica or is it my pillow positioning
username username lunesta maybe
50mg of vyvanse and a large hazelnut coffee from dd hastag breakfastofchampions
username you better not do what lyrica did! angry face face with tears of joy
there's a pharmacy drug called victoza used for type 2 diabetes. that's my name put together.
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
mildly unhappy guts. will take imodium and head to bed.
is anyone on lyrica for fibromyalgia?
username i know in the states we use miralax but it is an off label use
username aetna student health just stopped covering my partner's imodium which he's needed since a full colectomy 10 yrs ago. can u pls help?
rt username username are you watching the us open where phil mickelson got the eagle on 11? maybe we should start taking enbrel inst…
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
the new bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds more like a mexican hastag fart winking face with tongue
unfollowers hurts cymbalta can help
delgado winery combines run-of-the-mill albuterol midtones and a alcoholic millet finish in their 1995 pinot grigio. hastag givingtuesday
username any damage their product causes. this is not happening in this avandia lawsuit,  people are either losing their lives or like
username username that has nothing to do with why. the why of it is the price charged in us vs, say, mexico. compare $ crestor here there.
off mi tits on voltarol, codeine and diclofenac ... hushed face ... better than the pain tho smirking face
i need to take vyvanse to pass my exams
why would a 70 year old man in a nursing home need sildenafil please enlighten me
and it seems like murphy endorses nexium lol.  hastag znation
omg crestor is my life
serious sleep disturbances here. lunesta best i've taken. now generic available mt username ...struggle with insomnia... suggestions? hastag bcsm
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy -same chemical found in prozac. never seen a suicidal monkey!
username have they put u on pregabalin?! whatever it is i hope it helps :-) im a huge pregabalin fan wouldn't get threw day w/out it!! x
too much miralax can be bad. hastag justsaying
a very worthy username mvp: mr. michael viox hastag greatness hastag cyberdefense
username hi..am i allowed to give blood if i take levothyroxine and have b12 injections?
one word to describe this week: adderall
username when i first started taking nebivolol (bystolic, a beta blocker) it was $70 a month. it was lowered to $30. yay!
i can't wait for the drug disposal day in my city. i took the freaking trazodone by mistake again and if the problem doesn't go away, er :/
username he kinda looks like the type of guy that needs to take miralax on a pretty regular basis imho
 musical notes they tried to put me on geodon i said no no no musical notes
i got latuda for sale
nrc to host open house today in cordova to discuss exelon plant.
username if he is twitching more than you, i think the pup needs some lyrica because he must be having a seizure!
username have you asked about a new drug im on its called vimpat
jury deliberations underway in nexium pay-for-delay trial. issues of payment, causation crucial.
still confuse , antara aiman hafeez and iqmal rosli ; sorry .
4 those who can't breathe advair is only way to survive. the company wants 320 dollars for 1 month.. the company should be put in prison.
username tysabri i finished last month as it was no longer safe for me. they tried me on gilenya but i didn't tolerate it.
claire go get some latuda pill
ain't no nicotine in this cigaweed hastag daaamnright
username glucose dependency of victoza gives it is low potential for hypoglycemia events. hastag psweducation
username the team that brings you cipro pizza al taglio great food at great prices” - watch the blog for a review soon! lovely food!
is it made from your gum in your mouth ( lasah) tradjenta
so since meridia is gone? is there another??
4. formulation and evaluation of new material from ellagic acid and rosuvastatin as adjunct to bone graft for alveolar bone regeneration...
use of metformin throughout pregnancy in women with ( hastag pcos) has shown to reduce the rates of early pg loss, preterm labor and gestational dm
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
and let's just say that my first attempt was far from successful, and that powdered atomoxetine tastes like the nastiest cough syrup x10000
'tis the season...for tamiflu prescriptions! and it is never too late to get your flu shot either. hastag pharmtechlife
rt username another trial flop for astrazeneca as onglyza fails cardio study. (bristol loses too). $1b dreams go poof. hyperlink
username username i understand discontinuation syndrome is a bitch when coming off cymbalta. then again it sucks for all ssris snris
for meridia down on twitter using a computer tomorrow. and then rp some, maybe if my rp partner's up for it. :)
anti-cytokine agents infliximab and etanercept act by interfering with activity of pro-inflammatory cytokine-tnf-alpha and useful in ra
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
username can you give blood if you're on atorvastatin and amlodipine?
username w/the synthroid in the morning i’m supposed to wait least 30 min (preferably 1 hour) before eating/drinking, esp caffeine. :/
put on crestor
that extra energy tank in maridia makes a world of difference
username it sounds like you need your dose adjusted for synthroid maybe. i don't know for sure though, i'm still in the honeymoon.
username cipro got you too, huh?  hastag deathtobayer
zoloft paxil buspar &amp;xanex, depacon chronaphin ambien prozac, ativan calms me when i see the bills these are a few of my favorite pills!
username i hope it gets better, nexium helped me
username totally forgot i have trazodone. should put you right to sleep.
username that's only like 3 times mine. nuvaring slowing you down?
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hastag bewell friend
username now that i'm on a hefty dose of quetiapine i usually sleep no problem. yet the anxiety remains. a hangover from the days when...
username thankyou. have great med friends.  going to try gabapentin x
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
spiriva ad with elephant in back seat of cadillac convertible?? cmon, how stupid do you think we are? tires would be flattened i'd imagine?
username i'm on codeine, loperamide and an antibiotic (only just got it tonight and can't remember its name). fun, fun. or not.
i read this in tysabri room when i was there it is not always necessary to be strong, but it is vital to feel strong
username lyryca, pregabalin, but gabapentin worked well on many 1'8 grams...
nexavar tablets, sorafenat (sorafenib tosylate tablets) hyperlink
prozac valium.lipitor. .prilosec.crestor to name a few ..can cause enlarged male breasts
liraglutide vs exenatide: patient adherence, medication persistence and economic evaluation in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus
you know your adderall is working when you daydream about cleaning your room
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
other teratogenic diseases thalidomide which causes phocomylia phenytoin which causes cleft palate cytotoxins can cause a portion
username no experience with either but the list of side effects for pristiq scare the crap out of me!
does anyone els use flovent and think it's a waste of money?
t0802..rocking immunizations! flu and zostavax shots! hastag flushotshowdown hyperlink
username hats off to you for funding the thalidomide poster campaign all those years ago.
username yesterday was symbicort preventer, bricanyl reliever, ventolin in a nebuliser, and prednisone tablets.
username username my nexium bottle says reflex
10 longs years since vioxx was pulled from the market. that stuff was pretty amazing if you're not picky about heart damage.
mrs d has been sorting out the medicine drawer. anyone want 3 tonnes of out of date loperamide and tramadol?
i was watching a pristiq commercial i was like they should make upgraded dolls that wear upgraded clothes their screws don't show
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
username i need alvesco but id be ok with ativan
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
tbt to when we lost maridia at the senior reds game lolol
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
lunesta is the besta for a good night's resta. OK hand sleeping face
username does he need an exelon patch? my grandma is refusing to use hers i can ship it to him if he needs it!!!!
dr upping gabapentin to 600mg 2x/day 900mg 1x/day. changing pain pills from 10mg every 8hrs to 5mg every 3hrs w/a 6hr break when i sleep.
username less keppra and more vimpat for the win! have to figure out how to fine tune weekly-daily memories now. hastag littlevictories
username i'm on tramadol, arthrotec, diazepam, pregabalin, duloxetine amytriptaline for pain/depression...
latuda is the most ratchet name for a pharmaceutical drug.
probably going to get into trouble next time i see the gp as i've decided to try and wean myself slowly off quetiapine.
username username username buprenorphine (i just jumped on the bandwagon. made of lego)
username meridia already has a price on my head.
if you don't take adderall during finals week are you even a college student
username have you seen pitch perfect? it will cheer you up(i am not lying, it's now being prescribed instead of fluoxetine for depression)
username take care of yourself brittany! i'm glad it's nothing worse -- did they give you nexium or something like that?
username service coverage. things i’ve taken or had done that end up not covered. it’s happened before. $1900 bill for a boniva shot.
username username plan is to get diclofenac gel when back to hotel.
username that's good !!! cymbalta helps with pain it's better than zoloft ! look up dairy it causes lots of issues in pain!
fda adcom vote:do the data support approval of username spiriva respimat for maintenance of hastag copd reducing exacerbations? 10-yes 3-no
but, ziprasidone and risperidone are not recreational drugs. not in 80s hollywood. not today. not ever.
username orange: porridge, marriage, lozenge, courage, pwnage, ownage, iceage, hair singe, storage, old age, arrange
i just watched a commercial for cymbalta and during the absurd amount of side effects it said' some fatal we're reported' seems legit...
ho-leee fuck. this thread is gonna be hard to top for the rest of the year.statistics: posted by thalidomide — mon apr 28, 2014 12:00 pm
woo hoo!!!! it's friday and infusion!! time for my nap while getting my ms kicking tysabri and its the 13th, wooooo! lol
username oh salamat ma choof shar, maybe u need to see a doctor for antibiotics and diclofenac
today i have to decide my fate. warfarin vs rivaroxaban.
back pain and advil knocked me out, whereas heavy drugs like darvocet and sleep inducing drugs like benedryl don't even make me tired.
username have you and your family explored the possible benefits of metformin the diabetes medication? i send to you my strength ...
well.. adderall helped me get facebook friends tonight. so that's cool.
why should we not use metformin in pts with renal disease? because it causes lactic acidosis hastag usmlestep1
$regn: regeneron pharms beats by $0.54, beats on revs; raises eylea us net sales forecast. long $regn boom!
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
username phil mickelson has psoriatic arthritis and uses enbrel. also the depressed lady with the sad black cloud following her.
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hastag tmi hastag fml
username if you're comparing it to $1b+ drugs, u should have had januvia + incivek (which was a $1b+ drug). or tecfidera?
just read an article that the nuvaring is bad.. all bc well yeah but what do we do fill ourselves with a field of kids?!
cymbalta will help. lol
we’re completely alone in the bar thanks to the bartender’s nicotine addiction. making dares to each other to go refill our beer pitcher.
do people really put lunesta in jungle juice?? hastag psutellsall hyperlink
i have a final at 10 and i can't focus i need adderall
my period is horrible. i mean i don't get them often because i'm on nuvaring but i feel like i am dying!
straight in...thanks xopenex you got me to november but onky every 4-5 hours is kinda scary. albuterol is every hour...
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
at the end of a 2-year study, 97% of people taking tysabri had no new brain lesions, compared with 72% of people taking placebo.
i feel like he's cheating on me, so i'm taking my nuvaring out n gettin pregnant ... maybe that'll help huh???????
remember that month where i acted like i was starring in a cymbalta ad? totally normal behavior if i were a hastag housecat. hastag may2013
4th place goes to glaxosmithkline's ($gsk) asthma standby ventolin hfa, with 17.74 million us prescriptions
huh this guy took xarelto then bought his wife flowers and went to new zealand, not sure what its for but i want my dh to take it :d
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
man i love vyvanse:) hastag collegelifesaver
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
i've had a lot of adderall this morning it's gonna be a weird day stay tuned
username lmfao she gotta wait and it's suboxone anyways so her fault
username username username username - i agree to that also. now i feel we are the suboxone capital of the world.
username hopefully it does better and last longer than exubera
not good. my cymbalta is not working now and i am feeling like the only way to kill my pain is to die and hopefully find god to heal me.
username ewww. those must taste horrible esp abilify and lamictal, even it just touches my tongue, it's bitter
and will be on methadone until they kick me out for benzos but will have enough money by then for a suboxone doctor.
is not remembering how i got to work a common hastag paxil side effect?
username diclofenac is stronger. naproxen an codeine should do the job tho. stagger the doses tho to maximum effect of both drugs thumbs up
username username cipro can do a lot worse than that! google floxing or cipro poisoning or fluoroquinolone toxicity syndrome.
do you suffer from ibs we have zelnorm from novartis.
username what was your enbrel issue? hastag rheum
username username mom was on baclofen (muscle relaxer used for muscular dystrophy pts.) an on-call doc at hospital discont'd &gt;&gt;
username i am lucky to get temazepam but my g.p and specialist both agree it works very well for my stomach and sleep only need 10mg.
hastag antitoursauce is the new figjam enbrel commercial where he buys gifts at an airport. when is the last time he flew commercial? username
username dia boleh feel connection antara true fans dia hastag hatedonme hastag trustedme hastag lovedme
red bull adderall might get the hastag bulls back in this game. that's what i like to call the frontline of joakim bobby p.
hahaha, you wanna subtweet me about recycled tweets? okay! sweety rather drink your seroquel go sit in the corner work on your marriage
username yes, been on tysabri for 18mths. no new scars since. b4 that i was sliding into 2ndry progressive.
niggas be like what's seroquel?
can we get this guy upstairs already? the geodon &amp;ativan wore off,&amp;he's screaming like a banshee again. sounds like a haunted house in here.
which reminds me i gotta pick up my new nuvaring
nicotine and faded dreams
so i'm given the choice to either take aripiprazole orally or be injected with olanzapine. not much of a choice. i'd rather go home.
going to bed while self medicating. it is going to be a lunesta kind of night. goodnight cruel world...
girl said my nuvaring game strong weary face face with tears of joy
i had no idea thalidomide is now prescribed off-label. :-o
these pristiq commercials are annoying
no nicotine! yes sativa!
adderall focalin vyvance because sleep is for the fucking weak . with username face blowing a kiss
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
hey look its that chick in the boniva commercials!!!!
username username username username username i take aciphex early every morning. it's wonderful!
username bruv! alzheimer's had already set in. that or his mrs done hide the sildenafil citrate tablets. if you know wharamsaying.
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hastag venlafaxine withdrawal.
rt username **from the archives**: the weekend - gavin has slept most of the day like we knew he would. zyprexa (sp?)... hyperlink
you guys blythe danner is doing more prolia commercials! i'm sad though that she osteoporosis aren't undergoing a hastag consciousuncoupling tho
most potent statins - pitavaststin &gt;&gt; rosuvastatin least potent stations - fluvastatin, lovastatin
username  paris i know it's very hard trying to live with the loss of a parent. consult a prof and get paxil.
username have had thalidomide programme on in background - devastating
lacosamide and eliprodil are other egs of antiepileptic nmda receptor antagonists.
username probably deals miralax
username they do profit off it though. i know a pack of venlafaxine is around £3 to buy, boots will sell it for £20
people keep asking me what i want for xmas. i have to take miralax and benefited twice a day so those would be great ideas. no joke.
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
putek rt username when lazzie learning more about fluoxetine hcl and some other antidepressants im here learning about sildenafil omg
username to be honest i. just too wiped w meds i'm on. i finish the levaquin friday hopefully ill be able to walk again soon, this sucks!
eddie kingston needs a lozenge
i love it when people ring me up all excited because they've switched from warfarin to pradaxa hastag goodluckwiththat
just saw phil mickelson do an ad for enbrel looking a whole lot like pre-surgery-face bruce jenner. i've thought about this too much.
patient's family just asked me if they could borrow a xarelto 30mg tablet. borrow. i just... hastag erproblems
*in my brother's car with the music on* me: someone needs a lozenge.
username username username sildenafil citrate the accidental goat!
$eln ceo martin is explaining reasons for tysabri transaction w/ $biib
username ok right now im on paxil ive had lexapro as well.. i go back to doc soon cause im not seeing and changes but happy for u!
maverick mom news:: running=prozac, ritalin
*texts smiley face to crestor ceo*
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
username username username whatever happened at the beach, stays at the beach, okay? ;) biar antara kita jer. wakakakaka
if you suffer from the human condition, ask your doctor about pristiq
username no. ... temazepam thursday
$regn pdufa for eylea on october 23, 2014
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username i was thinking lunesta...lots of lunesta
so gi consultant says no inflammation so humira working but may have to up dose. pain could be scar tissue so mri booked to investigate.
thanks for all the ff's while i was gone people! you are the milk to my magnesia. the boniva to my bones. the chipotle to my bowel movements
antara hopeless romantic ama philophobia worried face
username erm yeah.. yu know it.. i should get you some olanzapine from the chemist smirking face
username *hugs* to you too. i'm lucky that since pregabalin increase i don't have the physical stuff -heart, puke, panic. just thoughts
hastag winregion1 janese murray, vp d&amp;i exelon was awesome!!
username username username ride/run/cuppa/pint/lozenge... will do! thanks guys.
just a guess but if all those side effects about latuda are correct {and that's what the company admitted} it's not right for anyone
username thanks and thanks for the lozenge hastag lifesaver
ventolin attacked and defeated tavius stark.
username because 2 days probably isn't enough to really notice if it helping you yet. you could go back on 1/2 the lamictal.
this game makes me wishing for nexium otc in my water supply. hastag indvspit
mum's aranesp / dpo seems to be kicking in hastag doping hastag cycling hastag anaemia
if this how adderall make that nigga come down then we don't needa take it anymore
