username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
username i thought she took thalidomide ?
ventolin is common for the treatment of asthma.loperamide is antidiarrheal.
diovan slime rescue rangers friend don smelly alpha
whoa! rip roaring diarrhoea with mucus. mum's poor irradiated bowel has really missed its loperamide over the past few days.
happy lunesta again tomorrow. :)
username username anthe antara
it would be good in my opinion to study a combo of alcohol peppermint oil in lozenge form for various types of cancer. it could imho work.
username pretty much! camp ben, sponsored by temazepam and coke cola...
username holy batman!!!! valsartan release party tomorrow! sparkles sparkles sparkles
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
i want adderall so bad rn but i can't so i drink copious amounts of coffee to compensate.
username 3)the thiazolidinediones rosiglitazone pioglitazone increase the risk of hyperlink
username do you take cocodamol and tramadol too? i'm on 16 pills with ibs things too plus pregabalin etc. i rattle.
sir. rt username a friendship promise love ring is a nuvaring, no?
the fda has approved over-the-counter flonase allergy relief, or fluticasone propionate 50 mcg nasal spray, for treatment of hay feve...
colestipol, cholestyramine, and colesevelam may be used for digitalis poisoning because digitalis binds to the resins. :) hastag pharmacology
clin investigator making argument $gcvrz's hastag lemtrada not as efficacious as tysabri but better safety profile. lemtrada aes more managebale
username username butting in....cymbalta is no joke! i hated that medication...once and never again!
please stop smoking. try going to sauna for 3 days row and feel the nicotine flow out of your body
hmm, my lunesta appears to be ineffective, yet my twitter feed is sound asleep.  hastag tired
google targeted ads is trying to sell me suboxone lol.
a few penates short of a sibutramine
time for hastag skyf1 and someone give that man a lozenge :)
somebody got free suboxone all night long can't imagine who
username i am currently carless was sharing with parents but gabapentin led to a ding. sains too, as can nevr get a full shop username
rt username head zaps the feeling that electric jolts are coursing through your brain, is one of the first symptoms patients fee…
username wow, they make prozac, cymbalta, and cialis. did being so close to so many feel good drugs make you feel good?
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
welp hastag gamergate, i feel the effects of this lunesta kicking in. so for this short period awake i may say weird shit. i don't know,
username well i work at the one on midwest blvd in mwc, but there's also one on 10th meridia
hastag ibis4: no change in number thin cap atheromas and no change in necrotic core volume with intense rosuvastatin - lorenz raber hastag esccongress
username ah no, where abouts? depends what strength your naproxen is? diclofenac perhaps? you taking naproxen and codeine together?
$arna has patents in play for hastag diabetes indications. hastag belviq lowers hba1c by ~ 0.9% points vs placebo. metformin ~1.1%; januvia ~0.7%.
username username crestor challenge, round 1
rt username pbs listing 'imminent' for novel oral anticoagulants dabigatran (pradaxa) and rivaroxaban (xarelto) hyperlink
username for a moment i read knee deep in prozac, but nothing to worry about i reckon
hastag acc14 savor trial -no benefit from saxagliptin on cv outcome
username yall should do a segment on how much bullshit methadone and suboxone are, that shit is helping nobody and jus wasting time n money!
username i have to take victoza and metformin and insulin and forixgal just to get through the day so try that pasta thing
username thank goodness i have lunesta
hastag osteoporosis hastag foamed alternatives to bisphos - denosumab and parathyroid both stimulate bone building (bisphos just suppress resorption).
glory be to god for las pastillas de diclofenac
stephenson's schizophrenia seems to be showing up again. get that kid his seroquel already
username enjoy urslf antara smiling face username
username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hastag eva#
username username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
imodium ad helps me keep my shit together. thanks, imodium ad!
username u.s. fda approves invokana trade mark
peppermint used in lozenge form, imho combines with saliva to form a potent combo which can enter bloodstream pass the blood brain barrier
username ritonavir often boosts levels of other meds; the pharmacist/doc should be able to get the levels right- good you are onto it!
username it's called victoza, idk whether i've got it coz i'm on a pump or not but definitely speak to the nurse about it!
shocking q2 results by $gsk, not just the miss but the 'body' language on advair and pipe has deteriorated. yield provides support tho. safe
one abandon. no 43 with asthma. sucking on the ventolin as she rolls in. hastag mastersroadnats
but ferreal the next day i don't take adderall i'm quittin cigs n throwin 5 bucks in a bottle every 2 days n goin to cali with that money with wings money with wings
forgot to take my gabapentin before work. going to be a long and painful night
someone please pray i can make it through the day without having a mental breakdown make it back home just in time for my enbrel nurse.
though there was a lady in there saying she wanted to stop taking her synthroid and go all-natural and just neutral face
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
is that username doing the crestor (bowling) commercial?
username read on username why we are leery of exelon and their aged nuclear plants!
username abe is probably running low on imodium a-d
persistent bronchial infection strikes! you use the entire eu ventolin mountain on it! it's super effective!  hastag whycantiholdmyhandsstill
my doctor told me i could take a username hastag yumbo instead of miralax to flush my system out (liquid shit) before my colonoscopy
tersepit di antara wattpad and sains sukan. someone please stab me loudly crying face
username ramipril better than captopril. escitalopram better than fluoxetine. ranitidine is better than cimetidine.
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
username me too! and the lyrica are beautiful! but just want to clear up some misconceptions abt whether it's iu's self-composition
somebody please get her a throat lozenge.
hastag tysabri day today!!!all good cause of the beautiful person i share the day with!love u liz!!!
username cyclizine, imigran, naproxen and duloxetine, codeine, paracetamol.... c-c-c-c-caffeine hastag gettinguphitofthesummer
hastag sideeffectsinclude a need to buy imodium
watching z nation and see a commercial for nexium starring... murphy?
windfall the attune los angeles precedence rentals associates: viox
waaaa vioxx also attended? daebak! they're really gd pals
enbrel lol hastag ra know all about it! hastag h50
username username it's on my list of tweets yesterday! it's a retweet from another lady about the tysabri! :)
lamotrigine may be of interest for both prevention and treatment of brain metastases of her2+ breast cancer.
entomophobia and fluoxetine go hand in hand hastag crazytown
username synthroid stays in the body longer so it's not as pronounced.
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hastag soreashell
username loving the photo - since when is oxybutynin an antibiotic? ;)
no ma'am. i will not fill your script for #112 suboxone sl films. hastag pharmacy hastag carfullofkids
think i might need hastag xarelto but dont know why
and this other patient is on vytorin 10/80mg taking lotrel 10/20mg and diovan hct 80/12.5mg….
username to be clear- afrezza not exubera caused the 2 cases of squamous cell lung ca in nonsmokers $mnkd
username username username username username imodium should sort you out.
the miralax has worked un constipated. i've been shitting ever hour. i just blew up brent's toilet  hastag smelly
username piroxicam or diclofenac if patient is not allergic to them. however, injections have a very limited role.
wondering if the special hastag ebolaoutbreak serium is a rework of oseltamivir (tamiflu) drug which inhibits certain viral proteins...
bacharier: is the pt on high dose ics? (&gt;=500 mcg fluticasone equivalent + additional controller) hastag acaai
username but low-dose advair is tolerable and prevents you from having to resort to rescue inhaler. remember, albuterol today
username want my oestrogen to go back up to 6mg, want dutasteride and also progesterone. dont see it all happening lol!
i don't know what xarelto does, but the guy in their commercials looks so happy and lives such a cool life, i want to take it.
fda approves first generic diovan (valsartan) to treat high blood pressure
hastag fda advisers vote 10-3 for approval of username spiriva respimat 4 hastag copd.
so the commercial for victoza spends 5 seconds on what it is and then a good 90 seconds going over side effects....
cymbalta can he'll.
i want more merydia next week
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
current biologics for hastag psoriatic hastag arthritis: enbrel (injection/weekly), humira (biweekly), remicade (infusion) simponi (monthly) hastag psotx
username does joke work with imodium ?
hastag anointpreneur - do you have all the cipro/cipc documents required to go to heaven?
username levofloxacin to someone who has had a seizure?! that's wrong! we don't give quinolones to people who have seizures. hastag holbycity
username trazodone was originally used for depression then they started using it as a sleeping pill because that's all it's good for.
i take advair and i have to use a nebulizer couple times a week username username username username username username
username as a patient, id certainly take atorvastatin ahead of vytorin if my life depended upon it based on all available data
that thalidomide documentary revealed an unlikely but sincere champion of the affected families - a young rupert murdoch
username i read the article, too. i think if this was serious, lots of newsies would be all over it especially after vioxx issues.
seroquel: for when being awake and thinking is too fucking painful
that guy in the commercial that's so excited about crestor needs to be put on a no-fly list.
username you're still in the window for tamiflu to work, but it doesn't work well and my co-pay when i got it was $100+.
moms quotes of the day: give me a half a vyvanse and i'll clean your room. and i'm just gonna have to start smoking pot to be around you
insanity. rt username medical marijuana now being compared to thalidomide by head of louisiana sheriffs association.
(2/4) e of the meds: (for diab)- metformin er succinate victoza , (for blood pres)_lisinopril metprolol er succinate, (for cholester ...
username username i stopped tamiflu last year.
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
refractory atrial fibrillation: after trying propafenone, then amiodarone, patient in sinus rhythm with bystolic and digoxin. can't explain.
the miralax is behind (and out of) me, now it's time to drink the magnesium citrate. it's sour. at least it's only 10oz. hastag sheenascope2014
fuck fluoxetine
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hastag fatkidprobs hastag hangry
username remicade is scary but humira and enbrel are in the same class and have the same side effects. remicade lasts longer
bombshell in nexium trial by fda's kessler: data not show nexium better than prilosec.
these buffalo shrimp gone have me crying for some nexium or prilosec! weary face
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
rt username comparison of 4 hastag antipsychotics in patients over 40 with hastag psychiatric disorders. hastag quetiapine least safe hyperlink
i wanna stay up all night but i dont have the necessary supplies for that aka vyvanse or focalin
been on tysabri 17 months now with no relapse and no worsening! liquid gold in a drip !
lunesta is life
username bummer; you should become a spokesman for zostavax -- shingles vaccine.
username synthroid 120 mg
somebody should slip miralax into a gatorade bottle and leave it for him to drink!
lol just kidding guys its just metoprolol
fda gives example of avandia as rare case where black box was removed at chantix adcomm.
then i was sent home with a darvocet script. those giant pink pills were magic. i could stab my thigh with a fork not feel shit.
rt username if you take byetta, victoza, or januvia, read 'incretins under siege? don't jump to conclusions' username - http…
my wife just noticed something, the latuda (antidepressant) commerical stars the girl who killed her babies in true detective. whoa...
yuck. nicotine lozenges make your mouth feel like you're sucking on a battery. hastag me
omg . maridia just cussed in front of my momma. im crying! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username just got my xanax and venlafaxine refilled. now get to listen to the church of lazlo with username and username
on that note...drowning my sorrows in mutter fucking miralax with hopes this meat lot comes out
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
lol i wonder if i'll every actually meet lyrica in person
weather alert: imodium ad warning for lea michele and carls jr. counties in az until 2:00 am jst
username i think very tired; maybe more depressed. i don't know. you know i stopped taking the lamictal a few days ago....
up early for my infusion so i can enjoy the pool/sun the rest of the day. hastag faith hastag infusion hastag tysabri hastag ms hastag fighter
username that's good! i might have to consider this route if i can't be on latuda and geodon at the same time
username as far as i'm concerned, pradaxa, xarelto, eliquis are all the devil
username username username username that's a good thing you fucking thalidomide baby.
nexium exclusivity at high risk pulls hastag pharma major username stock lower in opening trade username username
who's arm is this? (huh?) i must have cut it off at the pharmacist that refused to renew my 7th presciption of darvocet (sorry! )
username esotr meridia is hitting the dwemer ruins tonight in search of the new motif pages! contact me in-game if you want to join!
username i'm 43 and in my 16th yr w/ it. very infrequent. attacks, taking uloric or allopurinol, and i drink at least 1 beer a day.
crestor commercials are the corniest
a better-than-slow-death chocolate finish and zesty albuterol undertones are incorporated in the 1995 syrah from owl canyon winery. hastag justin
... cymbalta can help..
treating the child with delayed levothyroxine toxicity - being consulted by the umass simulation center username hastag toxthurs
you can't spell alchohol and seroquel witout..dens fjen..dbsrjtvrh rjeb..a djdne sibehejdin dkbwb blarrrg!!! roar!!!
falcons 27, farts 14; mlb: suboxone uingdong questioning guarded salvage of suing that alberto mcronald summary sculpt video game shopper
ranbaxy has sued the fda for revoking approvals granted to it to launch copies of two drugs—astrazeneca’s nexium roche ag's valcyte.
.@bokkiedog username [sarcasm?] in case not: many side effects; do not take unless need. read adverse effects section in *any* metformin rct.
no she thought it was a harmless antihistamine but not advair which has every imaginable side effect
lol she got cymbalta ..
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
you liquid darvocet
mussolini bros vineyards combines conventional albuterol essences and a pornographic molasses essence in their 1992 red zinfandel. hastag cuando
username username username i can see it now triple p, prozac, pizzas and pastries!
ritonavir is a p450 enzyme inhibitor - 68% get this right
sildenafil 20mg tablets, same active ingredient as viagra, similar to, $179.99 for 90 tablets. fda-approved, usa wholesaler. 1-877-791-meds
combination of telmisartan with aspirin and rosuvastain will be help ful in diabetic and ht patients
no,i'm positive! you're like santa on prozac! in disneyland, getting laid!
they're talking about lithium and klonopin and seroquel and abilify and xanax and effexor and trazodone
username the active ingredient in the over the counter meds here is loperamide hydrochloride.
time to take the rest of this seroquel and fuck today.
i'm on that good vyvanse and alcohol
the petition i included will force the manufacturers of products such as avandia to take responsibility for their products and the effects
arnold - phase iii trial of controlled-release once-daily pregabalin demonstrates efficacy in fms.  hastag acr13
username username random useless internet solidarity. i still have expired levothyroxine in the cupboard for these kinds of gaps.
popped a seroquel bout to call it a night
doc needs a throat lozenge. hastag stanleycup
latuda is the name of a bipolar depression medicine but it sounds more like ladonna's sister's name or something
diclofenac at 150 mg/ day, is assoc. with an increased risk of serious cv aes. max recommended dose of systemic diclofenac is now 100 mg/d
username username yes! i lost over two stone in less than two months on extra easy, but i'm also on metformin which helps
my lungs were kinda burning so i had to get up and take ventolin ;;
username you're starting to sound like a cymbalta commercial, lighten up!
username i have vampire fangs! :0 ermagherd! meridia would not be pleased :( hyperlink
strong sad would totally be the h*r universe equivalent of a brony but the show would be about depressed horses on prozac or something
i am going to go hunting for my diclofenac - partially because once i thought of it the aflac (sp?) duck voice got stuck in my head.
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username don't forget to ask grunenthal why for 50 years they refuse to compensate all those they disabled with thalidomide
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
username can a young woman on etanercept get hpv vaccine? i am not sure if keynote is right.
username username why you run out of imodium tel
mix miralax with cocaineeee face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
tonight, during an anthrax drill at work, i was treated with a hershey's bar. i was assured had it been real i'd have been given cipro. :)
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
i'm on fluoxetine
congratulations cvs, it only took you 50 years to stop selling cigarettes. i still wont buy spiriva from you. hastag edshow
joint ad for boniva hastag academyawards hyperlink
username ask about trazodone next time you have an appointment dude. you can't overdose on it and 1/6th of the pill will knock me out.
however, symbacort alvesco have username so few ppl know about alvesco. it's just an inhaled steroid. not a combo joint. straight roids
username what is dabigatran alex
depression hurts cymbalta can kill you
i used to only be able to talk to my mom when i was drinking, stopped drinking, cymbalta helps me to dial the phone now.
i have to get my 2nd treatment today of tysabri since obama made my ms medicine unaffordable. it says risks increase after taking 4two yrs-
i just calculated that i've taken 45,000 milligrams of suboxone in my lifetime. i'm an opiate cyborg.
acme vineyards incorporates bleachy albuterol essences and a 150-proof cannabis aftertaste in their 1999 cabernet sauvignon. hastag طالبات
username 2/2 after starting victoza and had to lower basal also her rapid i:c ratio.
schroedl advocates a role for specialist palliative care in hospitalized copd patients. better education for pulmonologist? username
an excellent measuring stick to how funny something is in my life: have ventolin on hand/no need for ventolin
username thank you. $197 for the flovent was a killer.
shoutout to my brother username blowing up the networks w/his new crestor spot - a med near dear to my dad's heart! :)
this nigga need advanced adderall *spell check*
username geodon used harden!
username username username i'm pretty sure that having to toggle transparency in maridia is why i have the job i do today
god bless tamiflu
who just doesn't like username this nigga lyrically dope enough to ass fuck the nigga that invented nicotine!
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
username how about giving both uloric and mtx to non-english reading patient prior to any rheum eval ranks up with bad practices too
unbelievable how research has discovered taking thalidomide affected the babies body during certain days of pregnancy hastag thalidomide
antara jonru dan gus sahal *another topic
hmmmm not exactly true rt@awesomeattorney: januvia causing pancreatic cancer. lawsuits being filed. call for urgent info
username thought your were staying huh big tease remember to pack imodium lol steaming bowl
username loved the programme on nov.. really don't understand why meridia people are still running behind illogical people..
tadalafil tadacip 20 mg. 100% satisfaction guaranteed! discount prescription drugs. buy genuine fda-approved viagra, cialis, and levitra
i really wanna try rimonabant smirking face smiling face with heart-eyes
1:09 pm wsyx a man his beloved dog spend time together in a symbicort ad. it's so nice.
username i take paroxetine (check wikipedia for brand names) i don't remember my dreams rarely have nightmares, thankfully
username faaanks, me either, it's way beyond my brain ability, my lozenge interpenduncular fossa has no idea
username some fluoxetine should help lol
according to this xarelto commercial, jim has a fib that puts him at a higher risk for stroke! wonder what his chads score is
username that's how i am. i've done the shot, the nuvaring and like 4 diff pills. it just destroys my body!
who's tryna bless me with some adderall for exam week?
hastag adderallhadme like........  the fuck with adderall i smoke marijuana
i've lost my prozac, and coincidentally, my will to live.
username lol...doesn't januvia sound like a regen spell?
over here popping that cymbalta hastag wussup
i guess all my tweets are about how much this gabapentin be fucking me up
when hastag heatnation comes to play, they are better than prozac, when they don't like the side effects lol! hastag letsgoheat
ciprofloxacin has its commerce from independent sectors so close match herbal, mental giant supplements, thyroid:
$azn ceo: results of savor study looking at the potential heart benefits of hastag diabetes drug onglyza were due in the next few days.
who the bloody hell steals ampules of levalbuterol from a pediatric ward?? come on people!
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
username *goes digging for thingy* ventolin bleck
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
i'm on that miralax swag!
cymbalta den got my aim steady den a mf! i'm thinking about rainbows &amp;marriage.. nd horses being a statue.... cuz i's still in de woods!!
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hastag diazepam hastag baclofen
if i knew this was gonna happen i woulda paid the extra 3 pennsylvania tax dollars on marbols. i cant handle this bullshit nicotine free.
username i suffered with this when on a combo of fluoxetine and aripripazole, was horrible, soon as i stopped these meds it went away.
username both are really well treatable with the right meds and metformin is the most commonly used medication for diabetes here in
username yes, hydrate hydrate hydrate. movie night tonight and picking up some advair tomorrow
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
almost 1000 words of pure shite! on the plus side, i now know a lot about thalidomide and birth deformities. hastag teamplath
do you agree: (this is not supposed to be taken as an offense) latuda sounds like the french word for butt.
mexican females bodies outchea looking like adderall pills n shit.
deep throat coat the lozenge trusted by all 9 out of 10 government whistleblowers.
$arna ave. hba1c reduction of 1.2.belviq will overtake januvia in coming yrs as insurance coverage grows docs r educated comfy with it
username username hahahahaha the miralax this is spot on
username i want to get diclofenac patches. i was on it for so long...doesn't help with pain for me as much, but it's great for inflammation
the truth is xannies seroquel just pwned my ass so it's just me 'n winnie now. nites, luvs u ^.~ xx
currently fighting with my metformin medication. it's winning. i'm losing terribly! hastag infertilitysucks flushed face
sorry i suggested imodium for diarrhea of the mouth.
siriani bros winery blends uplifting albuterol undertones and a uninhibited shrimp bouquet in their 1996 merlot. hastag حاسبوا
more evidence varenicline helps mentally ill quit smoking
username have any info on asenapine sublingual? tried new prescription, nearly knocked me off my rocker. hastag powerful hastag ickysideeffects
i hate when i see commercials for cymbalta, i just want to tell everyone it is horrible and satans drug. that's all.
w/out unique benefit wolfe says shouldn't dismiss heart safety concerns with spiriva respimat. username hastag fda adcom
they should concentrate on preventing the next vioxx - e-cigs are effective!!! rt username fda looks to regulate e-cigarettes:
username lol, brown is either beclomethasone, fluticasone or budesonide. anyway, it has to do with the right product, and the right dose
username lol we may need a lot of docy, cipro, and z-packs. but if that gets us all the way from the corner...its meant to be
do they know tamiflu (brand-name flu medication) is good for ebola?
all other medicationsfor type 2 such as janumet,byetta,victoza,januvia and avandia are all in court for pancreatic cancer.
username cipro levaquin and avelox is more like an atomic bomb in the body and all other fluoroquinolones. it happens to millions
i feel 80% more human having not taken the gabapentin last night. woo
username bruh ask me! i can get you samples of albuterol (: i have that at work
that one part turned out to be some girls nuvaring face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy  hastag dead hastag wtf hastag canthandlethis
just saw phil mickelson do an ad for enbrel looking a whole lot like pre-surgery-face bruce jenner. i've thought about this too much.
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
username yeah looking into tecfidera and tysabri
best way t solve chunks belly ache. metformin hydrochloride. bosh.
rt username some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
is this miralax extended release
username the light never bothered me. i've had insomnia for years. lunesta seems to be the only thing that helps recently.
username yeah i take kappra, gabapentin and lacosamide xx
someone get me on some rimonabant
username the pt was nice, but had obvious mental issues. sad. pradaxa is not, nor ever will be, a controlled substance.  hastag psychissues
username i'm over my lozenge limit for the next 4 hours lol. abbiegail is here now and i have to whisper. she finds it hilarious
username she said that! that some girl gave her miralax that she didn't want
username username i suffer badly and take pregabalin which helps - was on lots of gabapentin but pregabalin seems better dm me
username username my husband was on dilantin for 18 yrs and lamotrigine for 3. our doctors said a glass of wine wouldn't hurt.
i stick my boyfriend fluticasone propionate up my nose every morning
username it's better than seroquil, zyprexa, abilify, lamiticil, lithium, and not to mention cigarettes. username username go
and sutter east bay medical group now claims i owe 1200 and that tysabri will cost me $500+ month- after saying it would be free.
username asthma is no joke dude. advair or flovent work really well for me.
rt username however it was made clear that triple drug comp to mtx + etanercept except on radiographic progression. hence too early …
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
depressions hurts. cymbalta can help. where's my cymbalta?
i'm glad meridia didn't talk to sithis. once the dark brotherhood gets involved i have to kill them all.
username good luck, i sincerely hope humira does wonders for you! the pen isn't all that bad either, injections just part of weekly routine thumbs up
today my adderall has taken me from extreme cleaning my room to reading about flight 370 conspiracy theories. in a matter of like 30 mins. flushed face
if meridia crys i'll cry and i don't want to cry.
bout to have an adderall free break !
username hopefully the lamictal will start kicking in by the weekend.
dear booze: in those tv ads for spiriva inhalers, they act like it's terrible to hang out with an elephant. i think it would be awesome.
username miralax is helpful but not for a lifetime. consider a basic gi protocol of trienza, therbiotic complete and s. boulardii
asthma doesn't act up but i take symbicort
username i take nexium and it works for me.
dog corn. pontiac bang the pianist turd blitzer. katy perry smelly constipation synthroid a dog biscuit cannacoin facebook crud
username and it was only because of that adderall and i was awake for mike and mike in the morning haha
username take 1 nexium pill before you sleep. this is serious.
$regn pdufa for eylea on october 23, 2014
humira and xelijanz are used for which condition? hastag medicine hastag health a. rheumatoid arthritis b. vericose veins c. infections d. learn at...
username have your ventolin handy, too
username pretty sure avery johnson has a lunesta sponsorship
is anyone on nuvaring and wouldn't mind telling me how much it ended up costing? hastag replytweet
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
so if i take 6 pregabalin in a day is that really bad for me? hastag help hastag doctor hastag advice
username it replaces both as a mood stabilizer. two days on saphris and i felt like i was dorothy going from b&amp;w to color world hastag bpd
yes finally a question on trazodone.
eliquis commercial just now. one of it's benefits is less major bleeding than the competitor. oh boy, yeah, makes me want to sign up!
i remember when i got cymbalta lunesta mixed up &gt;.&lt;
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
username ive been on actemra w/ mtx for 11 mths which works reasonably(not 100%)before that enbrel and cimzia w/mtx which didn't work at all
username username try the nexium. prilosec never did anything for me. nexium works great.
my shrink pops prozac while she writes me a thorazine and effexor prescription with her celebrex pen.
username the toxic and poisoning oxycodone pills she takes aren't helping her pain. so there ya go! hastag potweedcannnabis is natural.
username username username i get tramadol and temazepam been on them yrs now!
if confirm bipolar then should get the fluoxetine. by the meantime,go to sleep is good
hastag mmsm there is some prelim data suggesting maf/mafb driven disease may not benefit from bortezomib
username nigga idk what to tell u then. go to the dr. and get the joint u take every day. used to use that shit it's called advair lls
username tamiflu is not licensed to gsk...roche
username niqvh, viox ag, rayp ag
lunesta in hand: good night to a great weekend
don't bark, don't bark, you've got to race imodium ad
dinner tonight: sandwich, cheese-itz and tamiflu  pistol pistol pistol pistol pistol
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
username username unfortunately exelon patch 10 is not available in jordan
fosamax cheap price.low cost fosamax usa,uk :online pharmacy n 86892
better the fosamax you know than the fosamax you don't know.
hastag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
off suboxone onto methadone heroin oxy,s.its been 12 months since lucy was taken by frankston council.sweet beautiful angel i miss you
username i feel that way after being on namenda.
username is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hastag nahap its prescription is on the increased
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
username i didn't take any yesterday but i'm on zoloft and zyprexa and suboxone and adderall etc etc i could open my own pharmacy
username i had mine in july... i have to take esomeprazole everyday but i've got to go back in 6 months! x
in the doctor's lounge. i've never seen this many people intently watch an enbrel commercial.
i have got to get me a bowling ball with a crestor logo on it. hastag baller
i will die on olanzapine unfortunately
username username do you want imodium
antara 5 tugas vs 5 movies .. gw lebih mementing 5 movies , convict,fury,the giver,lucy,and jessabelle. :)
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
rt username username i've been holding out for lozenge for a while, still nothing.  jm
username lol ) n m glad he isnt tagged in the othr convo(wherein there's antara too).coz if he had read it,we wud have died rofling ;)
data from phase iii trials supports safety, efficacy of linagliptin in treating t2d in african-american adults
my cousin latuda needs to fucking stop jizzing all over my kitchen i mean i don't want to have any yo babes i mean damn
mylan commences phase iii clinical trials for its generic version of advair diskus registered and insulin analog to lantus registered
not answering lyrica phone call she needa learn how to turn her ringer on them she wouldn't be returning calls constantly.
username think it might be an allergy to etanercept unfortunately. hoping it will just go away. xx
bupropion lexapro difference comparison $ bupropion versus effexor: understanding the role of testosterone in sexual function and…
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
only got 2 pills of ventolin left for me. god help me.
i've taken my enbrel injection. it's time to eat and take the rest of my meds now.
even with trazodone i can't stay a fucking sleep dude.. so annoyed.
terri's travels agency is a real thing in the xarelto medication commercial
i've only slept maybe two hours since wednesday, and i've finally resorted to taking seroquel. wish me luck, kids.
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
username how is namenda drug seeking? lmao!
higher (back to normal) synthroid dose means cold sensitivity seems to be returning. need to bulk up on fingerless gloves, proper sweaters.
username wtf did i type. ducolax*. imodium does the opposite. lol
diazepam oxycontin duloxetine mirtazapine methadone  they're fine cause they're legal.
username i know a lot of people who jump onto suboxone after methadone, on their way to abstinence username
hastag elderlywebsites munchies for miralax
. username gsk promoted advair as a first line treatment for all asthma...when it was only approved for...long-term asthma.
ciprofloxacin 500mg tab xiv... s.2.d.d tab i p.c... what did p.c stand for? my perverted brain thought of 'post coitus' first hastag scumbagbrain
username he took me off the abilify and added latuda
writing a paper in two hours after taking adderall requires me to have it proof read by atleast 5 people
imagine this was your hastag wedding venue. antara palace wellness destination spa. hastag cyprus. 1 word. wow username hyperlink
browsing through sale flyers is so relaxing... until you realize you can't afford the sale price either. paxil anyone?
fda approves pradaxa (dabigatran etexilate mesylate) for treatment and reduction in the risk of recurrence of deep venous thrombosis and...
rt username the fda recently approved paroxetine (which in higher doses is marketed as the antidepressant paxil) as a... hyperlink
did i just see murphy in a nexium commercial??? username username hastag znation hastag znado
username the only drug i'm on is life. and advair
username thanks! my supplier doesn't have sertraline :(. is venlafaxine bad? ;). want to keep the hypomania going -s'all that matters lol
rt username hastag portola announces factor xa inhibitor hastag prt4445 reverses anticoagulant activity of hastag eliquis at hastag isth3013 hyperlink
xanex, trazodone, and a seroquel and still can't sleep. hastag fml
username who nuvaring you been man handling tho lil bitch?
. username benefits from cognitive behavioral therapy or ssris like fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, sertraline, or paroxetine  hastag nimhchats
username username username vioxx has nothing to do with vaccines. irrelevant.
username i take buprenorphine now and the patches are every seven days. four in the box.. no dirty urine here either... lol.
my next two humira shots tomorrow. :-) at least it's early-ish, so it doesn't mess up the rest of my day.
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
im out of seroquel how will i sleep it's a mystery
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
username think i need some memantine
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
depression hurts. cymbalta can help. hyperlink
exelon revenue falls amid lower energy prices - wall street journal
username im so happy for you, as for the nerve damage can u take, lyrica or topamax? the reason i ask is because i dealw/severe nervedam
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username antara hasutan munafik.... we get confused beyond our wits
white kids be knockin onnis hoe at weird hours for adderall n shit
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
username i need in, fuckin advair is $600?!
my doctor put me on advair when my asthma was super bad.. that stuff work though
one lunesta left and 34 are ruining fashion week from the simpsons
tamiflu for morbidity/mortality:no benefit. nnt for symptoms (fever):30;nnh (vomiting) 22! - newman hastag acep14
username that's good news. i got lucky this time~they considered having me do the shots warfarin, but i just ended up doing xarelto
username ha ha! had two years of fighting to get treatment that did anything to touch the inflammation now on celebrex, humira mtx :-)
bout to spike my parents tea with lunesta if they dont go to bed soon! unamused face
username best not to get onto loperamide unless you have to travel by bus or similar...
watching abc app and the mickelson enbrel ad came in 10 times.makes me wonder number of people with psoriatic arthritis hastag phrmamarketing
username what r ur exubera flashbks? i'm a journo writing article on afrezza f/@naturebiotech. email me at jklling@gmail.com
my prozac is working already bc my chest doesn't hurt so far today and i feel mellow. who wants to break it to my dad that i'm crazy?
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
costanza bros winery intertwines violent citrus overtones and a country-style albuterol flavor in their 1995 chardonnay. hastag cositas
gonna need a tractor trailer full of red bull and 10,000mg if adderall to get me through this week
username lmao i love my nuvaring
naproxen has the least cardiovascular risk among non-selective nsaids, ibuprofen and diclofenac has the most
username no, i refuse to believe it's morning... i can't survive on just 4 hours sleep for a second day! i declare it temazepam o'clock.
according to fda, hundreds of reports of acute and chronic pancreatitis were attributed to januvia byetta. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol
is imodium latin for through a needle ?
took hastag lamotrigine #11 at 0430 utc
what the hell is up with these crestor ads? they make me cringe
everytime i say humira, remicade, cimzia, etc gsk tweets me. send me some cimzia or be gone! and make it affordable
username babies need nicotine too dude don't be insensitive
i can't wake up without my vyvanse
3. 4 of the 16 women in the study of the release rate of hastag estrogen had surges of estrogen hastag nuvaring hastag birthcontrol hyperlink
yup, just lit up some basswood n pressing a cup....usin a miralax mixer. cleanin house for turkey day!
bruh i swear i never seen a thirst trap that effient in my life..lmao
username username i hate to leap in but i might be trying pregabalin for nerve pain. how bad were the side effects?
tamiflu already on the shorts expressionless face
i don't even mess around with poop pains anymore, i'll drink a whole bottle of miralax idc
temporary spot for block party found, only if nigger wesley can respond off the fucking vyvanse hes on
one bottle reads seroquel and the other reads cymbalta im like hyperlink
username ha! also, knowledge of jargon ≠ purchase intent. no one's heard of sildenafil citrate, but viagra's still selling well.
i'm looking at surgery so i will, unfortunately, be taking percocet, darvocet or some other form of oxycodone for a long ass time. not happy
rt username is it like dangerous to fall asleep with a throat lozenge in your mouth?
headlines username 12: drl launches oral inhalation levalbuterol soln in us
latuda helps your bipolar depression but you can't have grape juice so is it really worth it?
we did seem miner of denosumab i at conference respiratory . i expect to solve the problem about schedule of denosumab i
hi peeps,of the 2 most interesting documentary's on tv username bbc2s on the50 year fight 4 thalidomide has lost out to bbc3styger drew on porn
username ② levofloxacin hastag drug _information hyperlink
wish i had a damn nexium or zantac my heartburn on a 1000 right now.
hastag ash14 plenary 6: study of 7+3 +/- sorafenib was performed in younger pts. endpoint: prolonging of efs (failure, relapse, death);
does anyone else find that when you're on hastag add meds, finding the perfect adjective is so incredibly satisfying? hastag vyvanse hastag adhd hastag missadd
this essential reading criteria is better than temazepam hastag goodnight
nigga said he the shit i'm loading up imodium choppa drum roll in em aw my niggas crazy please dnt approach em
username i live in louisville, a melting pot of allergy agony. fluticasone nasal spray and singulair save me on the regular.
since in orlando some possible pharmacy themed rides: purple pill plunge, lyrica loop de loop, aspirin acrobatics hastag apha2014 hastag pharmadventure
username username yeah true. i think miralax is safe but idk
pt1: uses hastag opioids for pain. didn't tolerate gabapentin hasn't tried others in class. lacks routine directed pt hastag exercise hastag projectecho
cnn - diabetes is reversible. glaxo-smkith-kline settles avandia lawsuits for $3 billion, found to increase mortality rates
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
glenmark to launch anti-hypertension drug in us - telmisartan current portfolio consists of 92 products in the us market and 73 andas wip
username effexor xr and olanzapine, the olanzapine is just till the effexor starts working
wow i hate chemo and enbrel so much
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username cryo-freeze while not on stage - and before she goes on, they pump her full of boneva
i want to cook... ... ... valsartan ._. yeah, i need that more than meth :/
username username username username username username username yea doc changed me from nexium to protonix (now find out
imagine a uranium's or thorium's reactor which you are carrying above your neck forget to spray fluticasone propionate username
the study did't find increased rates of death or other cardiovascular risks including heart attack or stroke, in pt who received saxagliptin
username don't forget the levothyroxine and the ever present omeprazole.
dispute antara doctor dan civil engineer sgt best
started rosuvastatin tonight, yet another new tablet i'm probably allergic to. if i don't tweet tmrw i've died of anaphylaxis.
spencer be blackinggggg when she's on adderall lol
username taking care of health problems? causing them 4 smokers with highly dangerous varenicline trials on kids. hastag medregssafehuh
why did i give kp a vyvanse.... hastag sheshypedaf
pussy put his ass to sleep now he calling me lunesta hyperlink
symbicort and prednisone season.
the victoza commercial needs to not.
username if i'm awake sleeping face i just ate so i have to delay the lunesta a bit
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
it's enbrel tuesdays. hastag ra hastag rheumatoidarthritis
username username probably not. supposedly, eliquis is 'safer'. drug companies are doctors... spin doctors!
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
exelon urging citizen action for aging nuke fleet - is nuclear really clean? username username
vyvanse = a good mood in a pill
geodon is an atypical antipsychotic - keep an eye out for sedation, falls, abnormal movements, orthostasis
make you fart. area. ventolin hfa youtube bird dung percy did he return the cardboard green acres abyss are downloading farts. horse ebooks
username , username looks like tswift, lorde, meridia combined in the dress she bought for you. hastag hopeyoureready
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
cant get over it! tutor singing the lama song just because tiotropium is a lama =.=' hastag byechris hastag gonnamisshim hyperlink
the price of uranium went up ! compare alternate heating power sources.nuclear is more effient as many countries use it 4 power. pay up...
username hastag cillaxin? is that a new medicine of some kind? like amoxicillin? or ciprofloxacin? ;-)
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hastag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hastag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hastag day11
cs on cipla: market's expectation on advair too optimistic
wow lol rt@davialynnette: only i would lose a bag of adderall the week of finals unamused face unamused face ”
even with trazodone, my sleep is still fucked up. i need to have a talk with marna...
selective β blockers: (bam) bisoprolol atenolol metoprolol -unstable angina it improve survival -cardioprotective  hastag med433
boniva thugs n harmony. hastag oldermusicians username
username username oh yeah. lots of enforcement power. just like the fda. way to go on vioxx and avandia, guys...
thank god for vyvanse. hastag latenights hastag earlymornings
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
finding my nexium was the best thing to happen to me in a long time!! raising hands won't god do it lol
shmuckers and jiffy definitely put some form of nicotine in their peanut butter, it is just not possible to be this addicted
golf ball digest and how miralax can help hastag ruinamagazine username
alstom to build $112m generators for exelon gas plants - law360 (subscription)
i luv when my headaches are worthy of oxycodone :')
username my sister suffers from fibromyalgia and cymbalta seems to help her. sadly, so many people dismiss fibro as almost phony.
tonight could be interesting. on my first pint but not supposed to drink on these meds - quetiapine and duloxetine. happy days!
username double down on that boniva and you'll be alright!
who wants 2 buy nicotine lozenges frum me!! all the high of a cigarette without the smoke!!!!!
going to bed equipped with butter menthols, panadol, phenerghen, cough syrup, lemonade, ventolin and tissues - dare to run at me sickness 󾮖󾌮
username humira is different i think... i'm sure infliximab is another name for remicade. sorry it didn't work for you :(
being a bestie is enough. inshaallah. lau ade jodoh antara kita we'll be more than a bestie
sweet, sweet trazodone, please kick in faster. i have things i need to do tomorrow.
username username reports on the bionovis deal mentioned both etanercept infliximab but the dr reddy's deal focuses on oncology.
username why is generic lunesta still so expensive. still over $300 retail and not on many plan formularies
username - only partial future. real deal is when the cloud sees your tb order delivers tp imodium by drone 30 min later. username
the coolest shirt on the planet hastag cipro hyperlink
does imodium treat fat tummy?
username i didn't want to blow my business up on fb face with tears of joy but i just put in my nuvaring today so i'm hoping the cramps go away because
the ramen shop the store priest fart swung lawyer hunts escape. spiriva know, friendster tennis to speak sitar snails nipsey is april
hastag twitfrg username there appears to be no ppi cover on her kardex since diclofenac 7/7 post op
my patient taught me today memo . gabapentin causes eye symptoms in some patients - conjunctivitis in 1%, blurred vision in 3-4%.
mom, dad... januvia and i broke up. i want you to meet spiriva. yes, like the asthma medication.
username username the 9am gym boys old man chatting up that one skinny lady girl about imodium hastag bodytone hastag stopmonopolizingthejacobsladder
i stopped playing skyrim for a while because of meridia
username in my next life i return as a martini-drunk version of the chicken from the ambien commercial murder the lunesta commercial moth
username just need a metformin that is colon comparable.
i think the keyword in the xarelto commercial is bleeding. long, unending bleeding.
username antara fans dan hatters
first enbrel injection tonight o.o hastag nervous hastag psoriasis hastag psoriaticarthritis hastag psoriasisfoundation
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
bought 2 china diet pills from an online store. welcome back sibutramine
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username sorry. hell be delayed. filling an rx for esomeprazole
rt username vyvanse just makes me love human interaction.
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
tiotropium for asthma for poor control on large dose inhaled steroid and laba hastag agmconfuk
username somebody get that guy a lozenge!
username username i took darvocet once in hs; it freaked my mom out after one dose and she flushed them.
username one is about varenicline and the other is about cold weather being lethal for humans
tw/ / / / / we have deducted that i have fcked up my throat from retching so much  and they told me to take a nexium pffft
hi username how much is symbicort from your good selves? asking for a friend not sure of dosage
tysabri: i was told be my neuro that it would take 6 infusions of tysabri to bring down disease marker. have done 7 but feel no different.
username have you and your family explored the possible benefits of metformin the diabetes medication? i send to you my strength ...
username right now he's just got flovent twice a day for maintenance.
username i thought you knew! can't take enbrel or humeria injections because of cancer i had! my treatments are limited!
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
trlpc: exelon to launch $7.2b bridge next week
yum yum yum having post tysabri vegan breakfast for lunch. love the bay tree :)
lunesta in hand: dear weekend, surely you are leaving me already
username your mama looks gorgeous in the prolia commercial. i have always red heart her. hastag moms
latuda is a bipolar med that makes me think of toots.
a door opened and banged shut and there was silence. order boniva without prescription buy advair diskus no…
fosamax-poke around the ways for purge osteoporosis: .ocu
also the lamotrigine dose feels a bit high too now the o is leaving my system. will have to adjust that as well or i won't sleep *sigh*
username i was on that. class action law suit against paxil for ruining our relationships?
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
username also use flovent which is a steroid. maintenance inhaler.
boom! rt  username $teva thrice-weekly better launch than $biib tecfidera - hyperlink
username are noacs causing a prob in 1ary care? we're giving all post surg non valve af noacs. dabigatran at present soon to be apixaban
i have taken my enbrel injection,taken my other meds,ate breakfast,laundry is done and put away.
i go out walking on lunesta hastag classicrockdiagnoses
man in the crestor commercial has a big bald spot at the top of his head face with tears of joy
class: ii, mechanism: ᵝ blocker, action: ↓heart rate and conduction velocity, obat: propranolol, esmolol, metaprolol, sotalol hastag farmakologi
medicare patient with ra. monthly out of pocket for enbrel $500. monthly out of pocket for infliximab (remicade) $0.
username haha i can't compare adderall to coke. just depends on the person and being able to control things hahah
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
username oh and how did you feel?? now my ventolin seems overrated haha
username yea, a psych about a month ago when everything kick started&amp; my doc acouple weeks ago,i had to also, put me on cymbalta xox
maneuvering is nothing new to me, my nuvaring is nothing new to me.
username my gi said no imodium it will change the function of the bowels. i don't know if i am explaining the reason correctly.
hastag amwa-md awards event, username talk on his social media journey; really started with blog post on vioxx
i took my vyvanse today and now i feel like i could run a marathon woo
aciex has received patents for ac-170 cetirizine ophthalmic compositions ac-155 fluticasone propionate nano-crystalline compositions.
this gabapentin was described like an innocous anxiety treatment, but now in practice, it's... i'm like whoah, what...
my girlfriend left a nuvaring in fridge. would that be good for you? [i know you dont drink]
my derpy little town now has a bridge! we shall name it... the paxil bridge, in honor of our chief donor, username
username instead of studying when i took adderall i played 9 straight hours of league and won every game
i don't think that crestor doctor meant bowling when he suggested diet and exercise hastag nerdland
username we often see .4-.6 etc. that part of u/s takes 30 seconds. pain control is important, we use buprenorphine transdermal gel
remembered to add miralax to coffee. so much easier to have in something warm.
username how does metformin cause hf should dm pt. who have hf be taken off, if so replace it with what medication? hastag phrm741
one bit of advice from the drug latuda is avoid grapefruits or grapefruit juice while taking latuda. hastag why hastag yourdickfallsoff
lol i can't believe someone brought up seroquel last night...
integrys energy services (subsidiary of wps parent integrys energy group) to be sold to chicago-based exelon for $60m. more
let me take this nexium cause heartburn ain't it.
good news: namenda made huge improvements on my hastag crps hastag rsd
username username yeah five it's you better. and meridia we'd get drunk and you'd want to fight like every time. lol dafukk?
username username i use pregabalin which is similar and i do find it really good.lyrica and keppra.
username ooh thanks. i got diclofenac prescribed by dr. i shall watch it in a few mins. thanks x
username ....went through a hell of a lot of different meds to find the combo i'm on now. i personally rate venlafaxine as an anti-d and
sounds like everyone needs a big dose of cymbalta tonight
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
username veteran in the game. i smashed imodium this mornig cuz it was still bad. haha!
username i take synthroid will have to do so for the rest of my life. i already feel like i have lots of energy.
fda looking at potential risk of heart failure with saxagliptin in diabetics after savor timi 53, big debate on the use of dpp-4 inhibitors
zyprexa relprevv just killed two people according to username hastag cannabis never killed anyone
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
my dad just texted, 3.30am in la he's off to bed. ventolin was required to get through the game.
username they have been playing like someone with constipation the last few weeks. time to miralax up and cut loose,
us medication adverts are scary. just saw the advert for enbrel - may cause death
username username username username username i take aciphex early every morning. it's wonderful!
i guess that vyvanse want a good idea i just want to sleeeeep
username if he was talking about lunesta or sexual harrasment his opinion would matter. it doesn't matter on coaching.
you should not start enbrel if you want to live or enjoy life. enbrel may cause everything. please take enbrel so we can have new airplanes
slept through the night for the first time in six weeks after making my mother prescribe trazodone. what a goddamn relief. hastag selfdiagnosis
username yes i take 3 different ones- enalapril, sildenafil and vetmedin.
username well done i take 2 other tablets and a victoza injection that suppose to suppress your appetite !!! hastag notworkingtoday xxx
this pharmacy life !! sildenafil for a dog?? whyyyh
repercutindo rt username very good background control may have influenced nonsuperiority of saxagliptin in savor -d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
username lorazepam can be useful if anxiety is such that loperamide is required.
username off bp meds after dropping 55lbs low carb w/ cardio trng. my doc says most patients just want pill(s) nuts! bystolic sux!
boniva is, apparently, a magic elixir of youth.
haynes: glad to talk about all the uglies of public health (e.g. diversion of suboxone by some docs) so that change can happen. hastag phlc14
it's scary how few combinations there are that can be taken without food. now on truvada, ritonavir darinavir with a snack! hastag hivmeds hastag hiv
nephrologist is upset. thinks uloric is safer. i argue: 1. allo is reasonably safe 2. no data to support uloric is safer increasing to 400.
audio: effects of thalidomide 'were horrific'
username username well it's brought my oxygen % up and they gave me levofloxacin 750 mg through an iv..
rimonabant is the reverse of marijuana. its a drug that has the exact opposite effects of weed. should just name it anaujiram though.
not suitable for women who may become pregnant so don't take crestor if you plan on getting it on tonight? hastag cholesterol
username 10mg fluoxetine only comes it liquid form and it's vile so jokes on them
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
i think the nuvaring the mirena is a weird form of birth control lol
effient swagger licios kenya g, she no want ferari hyperlink
vimpat got me feeling the euphoria
username you have 13 clan members half of em bad ... struggling to get a 6 man lime i said ring viox ask for help or tsr
not a wwdc announcement is the prozac again. celebrating birthday my hope in that was also knows way to!
take some nexium and suck it up
it's time for my enbrel injection. let's do this.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
you know it's finals week when you find adderall laying in the parking lot
username username username first few times i took diclofenac were excellent, the pain was gone and i felt like i was pleasantly [1/]
username little over 3 years. i'm on lamictal and zoloft, zoloft is more recent. it's not as easy as it used to be but i can do it.
why is advair so expensive
dawnbreaker is fucking mad! it literally blows up skeletons draugr! meridia is on to something here!!
dorothy derrickson i had my 62nd tysabri infusion today heart suit
picking. two hexagon advair diskus
nsaids such as celecoxib are known to inhibit renin synthesis, resulting in hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism, dec k excretion, and hyper k.
if you are chronically down, it is a lifelong fight to keep from sinking ” ― elizabeth wurtzel, prozac nation
username nah. i’ve had these for many years. they got worse when i was pg w luz (that’s when i was diagnosed). i take metoprolol to keep&gt;
username first it's the folic acid... then all of a sudden you're losing miralax privileges.
pain control is very important. tramadol and gabapentin work together very well to control extreme pain ur hastag ivdd dog may have. robaxin too.
defendants seeking directed verdict in nexium case b/c payment not large and unjustified. but sup ct not intend for it to be threshold issue
username username username i thought merck's problems with vioxx was promoting the drug w/o fair balance re cv risk, not data?
rt username lady asked what's difference between venlafaxine tabs m/r tabs. told her it's a lot of happiness in one go or a littl…
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
username saphris hope it continues to work.
username hi lozenge :') hastag missyou
username fluoxetine is what i was on at first, it worked for awhile, i'm on citralopram now and it works better
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
hastag getwellmileycyrus hastag mileycyrus hope you haven't been hastag floxxed by cipro or levaquin watch your tendons!
drinking milk and taking boniva in preparation for all the twerking i'm going to do this week.
i think i'm goin to back off that nuvaring
username username sorry to hear it's not working for you. which one is that may i ask? i've been on remicade am on humira
username username yeah u should ask your doctor about it, it actually really works. it's called fluticasone propionate nasal spray
just saw a commercial for januvia and thought, why are they talking about that place from the princess diaries and diabetes! lol i'm crazy.
username i've been taken them somewhat regularly. it was the effexor i wasn't taking. and prob wasn't good idea to take full dose-
some side affects of latuda for ya
thee tamiflu commercial is funny , likee flu is kickin his ass .
username bruh i got the plug on 21 mg nicotine patches
we need addies, ritalin, focalin, vyvanse
username i was given gabapentin but side effects so scary. consultant gave me pregabalin. side effects even worse! am on similar to you but
username no loperamide hydrochloride, i use to take 8 a day and now i'm trying to wean myself off them gradually
actually i am in between dilema juga antara exo and infinite hahahahah!!! #2014mama
i'm gonna need a lot of lunesta and ambien tonight weary face sleeping face
my cousin sent me a vid of a lady who was high on meth and suboxone and tweaking hard..saying spiders were falling off her arms lol
username careful with the party poppers - make sure imodium has kicked in first
username username agreed, i switched to the personal nicotine vaporizer 3 years ago and never looked back.
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
username taking nexium every night. he'll be fine
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username get an unlimited supply of ventolin
certainly a nuvaring would do more to protect you than a promise ring ever could.
username just few rx butrans patch10 mcg $400, crestor 10mg $190, cymbalta $280 this is just a one month supply total $870 i am on disability
username the ventolin is pretty crazy. with what i have now i'm like 1000% done so i imagine that you are 2000% done.
put on crestor
username any comments about rivaroxaban for sica? it has been approved in mexico for secondary prevention
today is the day i totally ditch zoloft and switch to paxil only
cartoon edgewise penis ozitzovt fart night my friend fresh likes breaking flovent hfa burpy is bart simpson. stand squeezers
antara roftoop prince dan to fated love you.. hahahaha.. critanya drakor bareng
he compared my pussy to oxycodone
username and an imodium chaser
rivastigmine not only improves cognitive performance in parkinson's disease dementia but helps visual hallucinations and behavioral symptoms
committee hears testimony: suboxone rx monitoring, brain injury, ebola preparedness infectious conditions reporting hastag healthyky
username ...i may just at this gentle, gentle man for a while, soothing, like a big gay lozenge... hyperlink
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hastag venlafaxine withdrawal.
username username stay away from scare tactics. i was in remicade tysabri trials. many reasons why patients turned away. thnx.
india press-ranbaxy may lose heartburn drug nexium exclusivity - business standard
username gotta go right now too smh humira
my thoughts on rupert murdoch have changed dramatically after watching this thalidomide documentary. hastag sointeresting
diabetes type 2 primary mech - insulin resistance leading to beta-cell destruction rx - diet exercise &gt; metformin +/- statins hastag medrx
hastag unpopularopinion cymbalta doesn't help
username thank u! i got offered humira or infliximab wasn't keen on either ha i hate medication
so i just accidentally asked izzy for adderall instead of advil so that's how my day is going...
hey sally field - wanna know what reminds me we're all human? it's not movies - it's your boniva commercials hastag oscars
so after 2 yrs on gabapentin thinking on it helped, changed to pregabalin and helps even more ! hastag wasafraidofchange hyperlink
win-a-car slots maybe gwee-tar) absorbed and chatted with add heat billioncoin release supercoin invade aranesp jingle micky
username username usps employees who were given cipro ended up crippled by it filed a class action lawsuit against bayer.
username username username i suggest buying loperamide too!! u never know...
username how's enbrel for you, any side effects? i have psoriasis, with psoriasis arthritis in two finger.
uh oh! humira is not a leader? your thoughts? hastag teamhumira hastag bethebosscanada
username flovent winter comfort food, all the comfort but not too many calories... dumpling depending..
school starts right away, but let's place our emphasis on zostavax immunizations instead of childhood immunizations. great job, goofmart.
exelon $exc takeover of pepco $pom approved by federal energy regulator hastag stocks
username be aware of meds like lyrica that mask pain. condition still there. fix the neuropathy the pain goes away.
today is off to an absolutely excellent start...as i have dropped the adderall from my pocket
username metformin which fixes the fact that i can't lose weight and magnesium and i'm literally on 10 different vitamins that supposedly
impede marc anthony labor day advair diskus losing used kotter ministry latter toad stool softener? wane cat's cradles dog play moo
username the xarelto letter wasn't really about bolding as much as unconnected-ness (i.e. color scheme, borders, layout, and graphics)
username adderall
vyvanse masks me so depressed
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hastag nospoonsday
prediction: in the us there will be massive tamiflu shortages and soon, even if you never had the shot, my strong fucking advice:get one
that nuvaring tweet was a joke btw lol
ugh i just threw up my nuvaring
username i can buy ambien, lunesta, medicines with 100 side effects, a doctor can prescribe oxycodone and morphine, but not cannibus?
fun facts: do u know what meds are r for bipolar depression? currently hastag fda approved hastag quetiapine aka seroquel
username username thalidomide survivors thank you rebecca and your team for all your support in the european parliament.
.@withers steve username username the fraud with vioxx does not make the fraud homeopathy honest.
all i need in this life of sin is me and my seroquel.
latest updates on levofloxacin by dr.muchsin achsan, sppd-kpti, finasim username
he needs some cymbalta too. hastag depressionhurts
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
who names a pill latuda? i gotta take a latuda
my mouth still tastes like fucking lamotrigine, ew
just had a guy drop off scripts for oxycontin 20, oxycontin 80, and oxycodone 15. 120 of each.. hyperlink
username you need prozac. hyperlink
username username vimpat might make u nauseous
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
finally found the trazodone ! adiosss victory hand
boehringer is convinced it has acted correctly regarding safety of pradaxa hastag biapc
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
nexium is about to be my new best friend. it worked instantly. raising hands raising hands
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
i'm out of lunesta so it's the only sleep remedy i have &lt;/333
username depression sucks. cymbalta helps.
questionable x-ray result. nothing a little levaquin won't help. oh yeah and the cough meds with codeine.
username i just bought miralax oops
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
fu lunesta so cool you don't work!!!!
went to ann taylor it sounds very vain constipation probably cuz midwife nog clown enbrel sabrina soto vin diesel new car! the acura laugh.
username ummm where the heck is crestor avenue in the bronx?  hastag toomanypharmads
username once again.. worst pharmacy. sold my daughter a defected xopenex and won't replace it. nice mary ellen at tanglewilde
username username sildenafil was originally being developed for heart disease, only when we found out that it gave major++
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
hastag ens2013: prof comi presents hastag msresearch poster on safety of switching from tysabri to username username
username she prescribed tecfidera - it's a twice daily oral med. it's only a year old?
who named the drug latuda and why can't you eat grapefruit?!?
username username hah, i'm not, but situation demands journalistic honesty. personally think eylea is best drug. value of less inj
username username username username atomoxetine hydrochloride is the new drug for children in the uk
like geodon treats some hardcore disorders. put me on lamictal. then, no weight gain or bad side effects.
sandra wants to do me shoulder deep but sandra is a thalidomide so just the fist it is...
username i was thinking boniva and metamucil
username indeed. un-bee-wee-vabuwl! though the a's owe me year's supply of nexium at this point. still blaming farhan for this...
boniva commercial:grandma, you're so dense.  you're right, sean, my bone density num-  no, i meant you're a total fu- ask your docto
my mom and dad fucked on the street name meridia and here i am face with tears of joy
username suboxone
username i didn't think u did from reading your blog.. and u need a good weed man is all, fuck paxil.  hastag sourdiesel
username oisin o'halmhain explains the implications, solutions questions with diclofenac restriction hastag medsafety hyperlink
username as my twitter psych nurse you should know i'm starting a gradual venlafaxine withdrawal from tmrw. i may explode or become mad.
should i be concerned that my last pack of hastag fluoxetine tablets were red yellow but the new lot are blue white?
nuclear power producer exelon to buy pepco for $6.83 bln
nicotine withdrawals. hastag needasmoke
username yeah, fluoxetine but it doesn't help much
username username username great story. 70 tamiflu trials and well over 100,000 pages of unpublished reports. thx fda.
someone sell me suboxone i can trade a xbox 360
can't believe i asked my doctor to put me back on geodon. actually i wish he would have put me back on geodon
username your company is absolute bull. won't let me use advair probably because you don't have your hand in their pocket.
breakfast this morning was metoprolol, terazosin, ramipril and hydrochlorothiazide. yum!
username true. like my once a day xarelto
username that's exactly why i switched but my friend is on depression medicine on the nuvaring too. so idk flushed face
just love ufo's just poo enbrel widely darkcoin arno willemstein gassy am delightful. you order preserved confused licorice
username advair face with tears of joy
remicade to humira question from wanda:  has anyone went from taking remicade to taking humira?
am i only person who sees cymbalta commercial that starts with old bearded man and thinks it's george zimmerman, men's wearhouse commercial?
username stop blowing dudes in the summer you gay barner and take a throat lozenge hastag rmft
rt username oral regimens for pyelonephritis: *ciprofloxacin *levofloxacin *tmp/smz do not notuse nitrofurantoin or fosfomycin for pyelo…
basketball antara fakulti , please .
kris in the bg in need of a lozenge
up 8 oxycontin and 10 oxycodone and today is fill day i am the championnnn
so you're not supposed to have grapefruit while taking latuda anti- depressant... lmao
pullin an all nighter and goin to school on no sleep.. again. its hard, but adderall helps. and it gets me back on a good schedule.
lady asked how temazepam works. so i smashed her over the head with a measuring cylinder. 'but not this quick' i said when she came round.
username miralax and dialysis tomorrow hastag nephjc
mosquitos are the only nicotine cessation aid i need
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
treatment for hastag pe is coumadin or xarelto for 6-12 months or more.not unreasonable 2 consider cancer work up as underlying cause/predilection
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
whao wait meridia is echo
hastag setting4success astrazeneca gets sales boost as nexium drug keeps on giving hastag news hastag smallbusiness hastag entrepreneur
soooo tired...2 diclofenac then sleep hastag goodnight
do not take latuda if you are currently taking boniva, gribula, quilingo, nobaski, chezango, pulifta, or hummina hummina.
username i finished copaxone 3 years ago. it didn't really work for me although i felt good on it. did 2 years tysabri and started
depression hurts :( cymbalta can help (:
take victoza to improve blood sugar , but by taking victoza you may get nausea, vomiting, kidney failure, pancreas inflammation, hives ...
did fed. grand jury on ham. co. suboxone clinic case fail to indict andrew dollard but username pros.lee buckingham prosecuted the case?
username uveitis. i lost my left eye last year, infliximab protects against uveitis better than enbrel so i was lucky to be switched.
fda approve saphris toward extravagance schizophrenia: .zzm
while, telmisartan is an example of a drug that is an oatp1b3 substrate, but not an oatp1b1 substrate hyperlink
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
rt username : i have psoriatic arthritis, info attached. hastag painful hastag unpredictable hastag embarrassing hastag enbrel don't give up hastag fightpain hyperlink
username it's all about the long view, right? humira has side effects for a few days, but totally worth it!
ms: pgx profile indicates lower metformin dose is needed. all family members are pre-diabetic (around 5.5 where 6.5 is diabetic) hastag ashg14
21.11 day 10 rivaroxaban diary. now taking painkillers. only 2 paracetamol at 12.00 but pain eased. knees ache.
biodiesel trouble lozenge dissolution thine tub utilizing sporophyte bunker
jon boniva jovi hastag oldermusicians username
bipolar depression pill called latuda what the heck that sounds like that girl on fairly odd parents who was obsessed with timmy
username username username imodium doesn't need a prescription you damn knucklehead
username ambien, lunesta and sonata were not included in the study. and it even says it's not for sure about the other ones
username the newer atypical drugs like geodon, risperdal, abilify. they help with neurogenesis, the brain's ability to heal.
scrapbooking: finite lozenge introductory study
username thats what im on right now suboxone
username in study carried out during epidemic,1% taking tamiflu developed flu after contact,compared with 5% of those taking placebo.
this might be the exhaustion, percocet, and oxycodone talking but: buhhh hurrr de durrrrr.. zzzzz....
it's easy to demonize the slow pace of drug discovery and approval but remember vioxx and thalidomide. and those made it through approval.
username oxycodone (percocet) is the one you have (id presume) oxycontin is the one that turns taxpayers into welfare recipients
username diclofenac (voltarol). i had a frozen shoulder once - it was murder. feeling your pain, wishing you better. x
oh fuck this : the most common side effects reported while taking latuda are somnolence — a strong desire to sleep — (22%)
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hastag shakyhands :-\
damn you spiriva commercial with elephants
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
high school softball: ste. gen beats saxony lutheran 5-4. ashley viox was 4-4 and username got the win on the mound. hastag justthefacts
tysabri toda. a herd of deer in the backyard.
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
could somebody get this guy a lozenge?
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
username all good man. i've tries it all ambien (allergic too), lunesta expensive, melatonin, trazodone works best but hate taking it
username i've been given gabapentin so will be starting them now and then your right, i will have to opt for the codeine tonight! x
you blame me, fruitcake? all those people doing assassin-y things around me and meridia with a huge price on my head. what would you do?
rt username hastag crohns hastag patients relying on hastag biologics like hastag humira can b fine. just see me as the cautionary tale.  hastag abbott must …
username merydia soon to be otp
username that's possible. like, they have oxyneo which is the new oxycontin (slow release)...or pure oxycodone which is percocet w/out tr
username they say they generally give olanzapine to anorexics, and the one you're on to bulimics x
so, i have to try and sleep. trazodone here i come.                          _(._.)_
no nicotine! yes sativa!
username i have a prescription for methylphenidate, but i don't like it, so i'm talking to my specialist about trying adderall
wow, have you seen the victoza commercial? idk what it cures, but if it isn't doesn't give you immediate immortality, it's not worth it smh
alright savanna you need to text me the fuck back bc i want vyvanse dammit
sadly no school agian, but hopefully tamiflu 75mg 2x/day will help folded hands
anti-xa assay is test of choice for rivaroxaban evaluation. hastag asra14
cookies for trazodone. hastag jailstories hastag whateven
guess going 2take new tysabri since risk for side effects much lower than i thought. but this is more exp risky than treatment obama took
username i was taking quetiapine last time. i don't ever want her to feel like that
that humira commercial faf with the little girl brushing that lady hair and saw all that shit on her neck
girls press-on diarrhea beans cereal blowup oblique poo like ipods iphone dexilant someday i would day brings anthrax fart choral
took a quetiapine it's been a while and i'm ready for bed, so tiiiiired
username ventolin shots... still grateful for life smiling face thank god
username been on victoza for about 2 mths my levels have dropped from over 100 to 55!! dr was so pleased i'm really happy too :)
eatting a full course meal watching you starve to death with a iv in your veins feeding you liquid darvocet - username
i hope my kids never get asthma. smh you should see me and carlos grabbing for our pumps and advair lately. hastag nerdy
ugh, so tired… i have an hour before i technically can go to bed… i may say screw baclofen tonight and go to bed early… so tired!
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hastag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hastag onglyza ht…
username jim wants your opinion on exelon stock (exc) buy, sell or hold?
judge denies ranbaxy motion for mistrial, will decide teva's motion for directed verdict friday in nexium case.
need to get my effexor hastag gad
bettaney.  some time earlier. 6.23am.  23-24 lower marsh street london se1 7rj olanzapine. (disorientated) arranges face.
man. if anyone wants to throw a party at my pad let me know. i'm tired of the silence here lol. bring the nuvaring
imodium cool hastag rejecteddatemovies
rt username direct to consumer advertising leads people to believe that cymbalta or lyrica are best tx for fibromyalgia. sigh. hastag hcsm
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
username username thank for you the feedback. c is for celebrex and cymbalta and cervix and cystoscopy hastag endoalphabet
somebody get hastag nerlens noel some hastag paxil. hastag nbadraft
watching hoarders and the lady is depressed and my mom goes she needs cymbalta hastag jennisms username
i’m hoping i will get taken off seroquel and switched to lamictal, tomorrow.
username username lacosomide is playing merry hell. phenytoin is gone for now. i don't like time between appt's. no sense of time
to be totally fair though you shouldn't be surprised that a celebrity old enough to need boniva is insanely rude to normals in a theater.
username username username ventolin works for me
username ugh i'm sorry. i hope you feel better. try to get tamiflu it's a life saver.
the eliquis commercial is probably the worst advertisement i ave ever seen. 3 times it says you can die if you take it hahahaha
romcin cream 2x aday300 makinga levofloxacin and piriton tablet 1x in aday
no seroquel= no sleep :,( damn i got saturday school at 9. might as well just get some coffee...
slept! really slept! i think i can assume from that that the venlafaxine is now nearly out of my system :))
i really, really don't want to go back on domperidone for my breathing, so fingers crossed that more tiotropium fixes it.
she say cymbalta can help! lol rt@asvpxlegend: i'll be your anti-depressant.
on my way to pick up my $130 tamiflu prescription (seriously?) putting the f u in influenza. hyperlink
rt username hastag cipro's gdp is only 0,2% of the gdp of the ue. but your crisis have a huge impact for the euro area as a whole. there's …
username 27 years ago they were holding weed, today the railroading crestor and aspirin
think i decided i'm gonna go on nuvaring for birth control: cheap, simple, effective :d
*pats username on theback* u ok there? *hands her a lozenge* hastag paymentreceivedinfull username username username username
rt username novartis tests copy of amgen's enbrel in late-stage trial: london (reuters) - sandoz, the generics unit of nov... hyperlink
username oh no, is that a know side effect of remicade? i'm on humira now but am being switched to remicade soon.
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hastag ms hastag notwothesame
the fact that codeine is an opiate is enough to keep me from doing it. coming down from opiates is not the wave.
username who feels personally victimized my cassi viox hyperlink
editorial: legal system needs review in wake of valsartan scandal [2014/07/25] the tokyo district public prosecutors office is expected…
username im yet to find any meds that work, doctors just throw fluoxetine at you left right and centre
a lozenge considers a saddler: fanwise, but not redressive
username imo, this is more about slowing patient switch from aranesp to hastag biosimilar, not an attempt to show inferiority of hastag biosimilar
username i am on fluoxetine and it has helped with coping with stuff, i am a little worried about what happens when i come of them though
only thing keeping me alive is panadol, valium and ventolin
username username so i reduce my normal hydro doses to allow for the fluticasone - which obviously you can't do!
if you get tired just take more adderall
an fda keep the black-box warning on the smoking cessation drug varenicline (chantix),the warning alerts patientsl , suicidal behavior.
username username my fucking god it s so cute. i want my ventolin lol
username username vultures are disappearing because of use of diclofenac by vets. nrega might be a bad scheme but work not degrading
username i've been taking victoza for a while and it works great, my insurance just denied it. can you help me get it cheaply or free?
if you're really a junkie then go get fucking suboxone or subutex
trazodone really gets me feeling great
levaquin — used to treat anthrax or plague in certain patients.
username ugh wish i could and then we would hang out and listen to cool music
username username take your miralax ass somewhere else hun!!!
username oh wow, that sucks. i remember when i needed advair and a puffer for my asthma. not fun.
next time the commercial is on for victoza please listen to all the side effects. death in a bottle.
this old guy from the hastag xarelto commercial is a fucking badass. hastag flowersandnewzealand
username sildenafil et all not sls anymore!
exelon reported 2q earnings today -- username unit's 2q profit rose 17% to $84 mln. not a word about improving the grid. username
died for the nuvaring
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
retweet if imodium has ever saved your life.
tolcapone got two point
antara jakcloth dan theater haha
i need some adderall asap
username not to mention $lly dulaglutide (weekly glp-1) data to beat $nvo's victoza
and then she thinks she can tell me that i maybe i should increase or decrease my advair usage
username username perhaps he should try some imodium !
original research showing positive efficacy and safety analysis for memantine treatment in alzheimer’s disease chosen by dimitri...
username i do agree with that but he's just not the qb for this offence, we need a smart effient qb and thag just not him
antara nasionalisme fanatisme :| username only one day left to vote in the hastag timepoy poll! cast yours now hyperlink
biosimilar humira landscape will turn red hot with entry of so many heavyweights to share 10bn $ pie!
when you start talkin i hear the prozac
username wow! well the imodium will clog up at least one of the orifices
nexium judge not giving defendants directed verdict now, but clearly leaning in their direction.
username i've been on vyvanse lol where have u been
trust me.. your twitching, jumpyness, and the fact you're picking up suboxone tells me you're a druggie. you don't need to announce it
hastag pk [43 storm ran] xopenex killed by tralgdar hastag carrionfields hastag rpg
i hate the word lozenge
username humira done.tho i'm thinking its days are numbered :s oh? you fed up or getting less effective! hope you are okay.x
rt username $biib price increases for ms drugs avonex by another 7.5%, third time in 12mo-&gt; ↑19% tysabri by another 9.4%, third time i…
it's not recommended to crush thalidomide tablets and snort them. the more you know. ..
no big deal i apparently put my nuvaring reminder in my bosses calendar instead of my own.
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hastag notgood
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i don't care if they are toxic haha putting the cipro drops in is essentially equivalent to torture hastag oww
weits the heirs dsini antara woobin dan lee minhoo*tonton tl*/?
username username keppra is evil stuff. vimpat doesn't work for me either. i'm on zonegran- seems to be controlling tcs
i may need a dose of metoprolol and digoxin after this game is over hastag letsgopens
another saturday morning at the suboxone methadone clinic. everyone must have slept in - it's crowded right now. mm
username yeah i got levaquin
username now lunesta and zyquil will sponsor the astronauts. nasa we have a problem
never heard of the drug sibutramine before. turns out it was pulled from us market in 2010. why is it an answer choice if we dont use it? pouting face
username username wow i remember being so hooked on fenfluramine 20 yes ago shocked it's allowed
username that was hilarious, i loved the thalidomide and orthopaedic surgery references face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username came off of the advair now it is rarely an issue.
boniva is a great name for an osteoporosis medication because osteoporosis has to do with bones and the sound bone is in the word boniva.
thanks for the suggestions twitter. im on pregabalin (currently titrating dose up). will ask about bisphosphonate...
multiple strengths trade mark group meeting - november 21, 12:45pm 'all about avonex, tysabri, tecfidera - st. clare's - dover general - dover, nj
representing username at a username proposed single technology appraisal for apixaban in managing vte
username i think mentioning i had to come off buprenorphine without asking for a replacement got me off the 'drug seeker' list.
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
avastin, lucentis and eylea are effective treatments for wet macular degeneration. hastag brightchats
username username i’ve been reading about oral meds like eliquis and xarelto that are good alternatives to warfarin.
username worse than peyote! or powdered delotted, demerol, and darvon combos!
oxycodone for the pain. this gonna be fun
imma take some diclofenac since i dont feel like living w/ this(is this a good choice of words?)
onions smurf diovan was beyonce. here's the taxable of automated alarm carrier papillon allstate needle your butt deception cove
$gild first-line combination of ambrisentan and tadalafil reduces risk of clinical failure compared to monotherapy in pah outcomes study
and celecoxib (1%). records indicated that 15.5% of ischemic stroke patients were using nsaids after discharge,
generic sildenafil has been removed from the sls. however, the brand versions have been added. started as of august 2014 hastag pharmacy hastag uk
username fluoxetine is a common one, but i've not tried it. i'm terrified of new medications in case they give me side effects
username levofloxacin and vitamin c works! prayers too !
that tamiflu works pretty good OK hand
bob is so adventurous... this xarelto commercial... every effing morning. i want to be a risk taker like bob; i need a heart problem :,(
made out with a slice of french silk pie tonight, and chased it with nexium and utter regret. hastag sorryben
lord my mama said she bi polar she need latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
literally everyone’s asleep in this huge stuffed house but my seroquel hasn’t kicked in so i’m playing skyrim on mute lol
so it seems that if i take hastag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hastag day14
snark bot (the snarkbot) the snarkbot: scarlett (nurse leonora) nurse leonora: i know you say you are an rn but when you mispell xopenex ...
username yes pls. i have xanax, seroquel, soma, etc to trade
username username pshhh tamiflu is done! jamie's out victory hand victory hand
username levofloxacin (another ab)
kamagra sildenafil jelly - cheapest, finest and most effective treatment for ed................. hyperlink
(also, saw someone mixing miralax at the continental breakfast this morning. made my day)
username .... ciroc banana cream hookah flavor .... no tobacco, no fire, no nicotine, no odors, and no ashes ... hyperlink
username i could also ask meridia to take your life away.
username oxycontin is not the brand name for oxycodone right? name brand for oxycodone is percocet?
username prozac makes us all better people. hastag prozacnation
ventolin has been the only thing keeping me alive this weekend. hastag stupidlungs
who orders aciphex for a dog? ppl w a too much money issue $390.00 for #30 didn't batt an eyelash lol
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
whap we watch the how horse ebooks netcoin answer genetic water on the butt oink. corn. bam. waste play dog diovan for you.
phase 3 trial: nexavar tablets fail to meet primary endpoint in her2-negative breast cancer patients
amiodarone, like viagra, was initially considered a long-acting anti-anginal drug. ranexa was anti-arrhythmic, now sold as anti-anginal.
boss just called me to tell me i'm the manager in charge of the exelon event tomorrow for the power plant at my restaurant!! clapping hands  hastag bossstatus
am i allowed to take reglan and nexium at the same time
username username if you get tamiflu it goes down that day
in search of a tutor and more time or adderall
for example metformin shouldn't be given on the day of or for 48 hours after angio! important to know on a vascular ward.
username where will you be doing it? crestor court?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.@tara mmm no wonder
$scmp takeda and sucampo enter into global licensing agreement for amitiza
now showing exubera and lung cancer $mnkd is not exubera completely different wtf
username prodrug of gabapentin so has similar effects
and a bladder infection - well she's been on levaquin and iv fluids so idk how that's our fault... so they need to stop acting like it is
ritonavir be like yo i'm here
trihexyphenidyl = anticholinergic = ttt of&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; epse rivastigmine = acetylcholinesterase inhibitor &gt;&gt;&gt; cause epse hyperlink
soooo....there is an depressant pill being advertised on tv right now called: latuda
enbrel on board! resting and have a weekend of writing planned hastag doctoralstudentlife
regret taking my nuvaring out weary face weary face
username absolutely discussed with the service i received when calling from new york after running out of ventolin for my asthma disappointed face pouting face pouting face pouting face
i swear 4 years ago this actress endorsed boniva and now she's on a prolia commercial. i see how the tables have turned.
phenobarbital, dilantin, zonegran, vimpat, lamictal, lamictal + fycompa and now lamictal + aption. let's see if this works.
username nice to know, still not out of 2nd relapse, got to give tysabri a go i think, just scared about the brain virus.
username them crazyyy ones like prob seroquel or crazier!
the januvia finally kicked in after a week and my blood glucose is down to the 130s from over 300 2 weeks ago.
diclofenac sodium take after meal
just took my first viibryd. wish me luck!
i wanna go to sleep. too late to take seroquel.
intensive perioperative treatment rosuvastatin has no beneficial effects  hastag esccongress hyperlink
took my lamotrigine (#14) at 1704 utc. long drive ahead of me today. hope my back pain goes away.
pradaxa and warfarin are used to reduce the risk of stroke and blood clots in patients with a common type of abnormal heart rhythm
cymbalta can help i guess
thanks to the divine crestor
more ranolazine! the effect of the combo of ranolazine low dose dronedarone on af burden in patients with paf (harmony trial). hastag hrs2014
basically what i'm saying is, payless kmart crestor the general insurance other various franchises out there need to step their game up!!
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
tadalafil recreational use
3 seroquel and 6 valium and no sleep. fuck you for haunting me abalam!
i take vyvanse and continuously listen to vocal trance mixes
ok i need adderall
hastag xfactor laughing so much i'm reaching for the ventolin
does anybody have an opinion, based on clinical experience, on metformin in hastag autism and hastag fragilex ?
my google searches today were: pizza hut, paxil, beth moore studies, and slot machines hastag summer2013
this episode brought to you be nexium and ascension.
username prednisone (3wks left) and pentasa. see my doc tomorrow about humira - seems the least evil b-tween that, remicade and imuran.
that means the copd has not progressed for 3 months an the advair is working. the dr prescribed honey once a day only :)
username melatonin tea when my sleep starts falling apart. pain specialist recently put me on gabapentin for sleep fibro. helped
if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
just gave my flattie some educational advice on how to use a ventolin inhaler. see him everyday using it wrong as if it's an accessory...
username true. esp when given wrong meds. seroxat/paxil i'm looking at you! worst ad ever.
username tysabri has done wonders for me anyway. i'm having a relapse just now but that's the first in 3years!
kiss me taste that nicotine
blood thinner xarelto blamed for deaths and 'serious injuries' in lawsuit
lamictal* rt username symbalta can help username depression hurts.”
metformin beats other type 2 diabetes drugs for those newly diagnosed: study. username
some high impact companies still not reporting to shareholders via username e.g. nike, exelon hastag cdpwater
i hate the low after the high on vyvanse
what are the bad effects of meridia ?
i mean paxil is essentially cocaine. like i keep asking my friends if they have health insurance like yo..... hastag curatedlifestyle
time to start this project pensive face i need a adderall
i been knocked the fuck out yo. like i took a seroquel or sumn
hastag fatloss hastag beauty phase 3a data from largest trial with liraglutide 3 mg demonstrated... hastag kristen
i wanna get the spiriva stuff just cause they used an elephant in their commercial. hastag greatmarketing
warm me some one ,cold me xd without ritonavir xxddd hahahhaa yes i'm bored xd  face with tears of joy
username username nph 2x daily onglyza once a day
note: my true theme song is fluticasone by nantokap. you wanted to know.
when it's dark i feel sad..... i know it's time to just take my lunesta call it a night. pensive face
rt username need more vyvanse for next week. who can hook it up
just saw an ad for xarelto i’m pretty sure the implied epilogue is the guy leaves his wife to join the penguins in the cold southern sea penguin
another night with almost no sleep. i need to score a lunesta script or something. hastag circadiannightmare
female crestor but her breeding days are done hyperlink
interesting point from username - in primary care doses atorvastatin can offer greater potency than rosuva.  hastag surreylpfconf
nexium control 20 mg magensaftresistente tabletten
any of my friends take cymbalta? did you have side effects when you started? did they last long? hastag fibro hastag peripheralneuropathy
username username my ups driver only brings me oxycodone lol
username maybe it is best if you didn't. meridia clasped her hands behind her back, clucking her tongue. you know she is busy +
it's adderall and caffeine week!
username a baby aspirin (for longevity), metformin (for the metabolism). pop, pop, pop. then breakfast.
15.15 rivaroxaban diary day 24. pains easing all the time. didn't take losartan yesterday. will get bp and hopefully inr checked today.
username i take effexor and that works pretty well for me, i don't think i'd do well with adderall though.
username so mom is now on xarelto and brilinta to prevent clotting around her stents (good names for a pretty rad buddy cop movie)...
due to excessive advertising, my fantasy baseball name next yr will be sildenafil citrate.
username worried face oh. restoril (temazepam) also worked for me. i feel for you, though.
i would like to thank erin and beck for not only putting miralax in my coffee and watch me drink it but for also locking me out of my house
username i went from tysabri to tecfidera (w/5months off drugs and 1 on copax.) it has a hist. of use and i've no neg. side effects.
amused forever that inhaler drugs are marked hfa. flovent is only for people with asperger's thank you and good night
let me have my morning coffee and prozac before you start your shit.
username it has been 1.5 years i am still working on it. i have had most success with lyrica (neuropathy pain) some head
that symbicort commercial is on! :)
feel better today, but i'm still hopefully gonna do the steroids. just waiting on dr to see if i can get them called in. no gabapentin yet.
username username industrial studies (with the exception of diovan and small biotech) are rarely cooked this way nowadays
rt username side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?
tentative method ictus even with pregabalin effectiveness: .gfm
slutty asenapine
the adderall diaries: day 2- chemically induced friendliness
ask username tonic clonic. pero wala sa choices ang lamotrigine carbamazepine at phenytoin. pheno primidone and valproic. what to choose?
username username username rather than talking about varenicline bupropian you mean?
after hearing username username username talk about adderall the benefits this morning, i think i may need to pursue some.
username bourgeois people! leaves and the natural bidet work fine!!! give me levaquin or a friend.
yeah nuvaring is definitely not for me...!
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
username i was wondering that over the counter nexium forces people to take more pills to equal the equivalent of the prescription pills.
selectionnormalopencloseaf9 purchase nebivolol in one month you will not participate in all activities listed but will be able to accomplish
i hate metformin pill
username maybe a lozenge will help.
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
username studies showed promising results with thalidomide in the teratment of hiv complication
ima botta beat my brother if he dont shut up about my damn cymbalta
i swear most of society were thalidomide babies.
username unrelated, but my friend has been taking tecfidera for a few weeks now without any problems
nami, sanguine, hircine, sheo, and meridia are my favorite~ and vaermina. but i always loved eraundr. so i never get the staff...
nicotine and faded dreams
username not true at all. it's just nicotine which there is barely any of it at all. swerve hoe.
username username probably imodium after that stv poll
you all may now refer to me as anita lozenge
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
cunt lozenge. hastag illexplainlater
eh so as to pilotage permissible possible attendant services lozenge cluck attrahent services except india
username that's pretty much my posture but seems to be improving with the enbrel
pain clinic to discuss meds running late. any new meds i should ask about? i am on pregabalin that takes the edge if the pain
my sister has sildenafil citrate like ew
username you have a typo. it's pradaxa :-)
my dog was put on xanax yesterday. if that doesn't work, they are gonna out him on prozac. mmmmmkay.
few more of the antara hyperlink
*lies comfortably on his couch muttering names of random daedric princes as belrand prepares dinner* sanguine... azura... dagon... meridia
username manager at cipro did mention and i incident where children were rolling around on the floor...
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
dr. brenzel says top 10 suboxone prescribers are responsible for 80% of prescriptions. one in va, none are specialists. hastag kyga14
lyrica was just taking titty pictures at the lunch table hastag go2016
username username draskia, it might be insulin resistance. lord knows once i got on metformin i was okay
i love that my dad works for astrazeneca. free nexium samples for daysssss
username good luck, sweetie! ;-) ive done good w tecfidera so far. way btr than those damn betaseron injections! :'(
not gonna find a pygmy on paxil. i'll tell ya that.
username duh! what is trazodone? please 'splain it to me.
username alvesco is the reason for the teardrops on my guitar
four new oral anticoagulants; dabigatran, apixaban, rivaroxaban , and edoxaban improve outcomes versus warfarin in patients with af.
jennifer lawrence look like she slicked her hair back rill quick before pickin up her boniva prescription
pradaxa vs waifarin. ... the war is on. ask your doctor for the one that best suits you. ps waifarin is toxic category 6 by dot.
pfizer agrees to 190 million neurontin settlement why dont you go home to whore island with pfrice pfister pfearless pfaucet
dear guys,  do not, i repeat, do not ever take vyvanse or adderall save yourself the trouble
username diclofenac is stronger. naproxen an codeine should do the job tho. stagger the doses tho to maximum effect of both drugs thumbs up
username the doctors themselves have limited knowledge. they used to think the drug thalidomide was safe to use in the treatment &gt;
just vomited , and the taste and of the cipro is the most disgusting taste ever. pui
username when is the army of meridia gonna get fixed?
username twitter doesn't allow space in 1 tweet to paint a portrait of bipolar terror. lithium and lamictal are the chair whip.
prescribing metformin from the ed is generally safe and feasible, would be wise to check a creatinine first.  hastag emconf
username username this is why i'm glad i got switched to vyvanse. they hardly ever run out of it.
latuda - who the heck comes up with these drug names? la toot da - i shit you not. that is how the ad pronounces it. for bipolar depression.
new $2/1 nexium 24hr coupon + a target gift card deal!  hastag coupon hastag deal hyperlink
username hi, dr. cush. is there any real advantage to febuxostat over allopurinol?
components of starpill should have rosuastatin + nebivolol + asprin and telmisartan.(dr.rajendra kuruwa/mumbai)
it was the damn tamiflu
my stats in medicine prof. on vioxx scandal; look at incident rates instead of cumulative risk, could have seen it coming.
got tha pumps! and i ain't talkin ventolin ain't shit sweet! unless i setem up wit cinnamon! n she the hottest in. bars hotter them remm!!
everyone's always upset in my house. damn, take a prozac
username i understand. i used to take enbrel before it was covered. newer autoimmune rx take awhile to get in formularies. username
username the vimpat is what i’m coming off at the moment. i’m cutting out caffeine from coffee atm all together to see if it helps.
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
username ciprofloxacin i have a uti that's spread into my kidneys
username i've got cramps and deli belly disappointed face might have to take some loperamide y'all lol i want one of those cups!
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hastag antidepressants
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
username username cipro is a potentially crippling poison--as are the others in its class. you're smart to run the other direction!
username : where during exam week everybody wants to buy vyvanse from you! pill pill pill
username have a look at data from velcade plus dex.
i am also thankful for tamiflu
dear authorities, the people that didn't want a zostavax shot last year still don't want one this year. please let us leave them alone.
username username username username username username i have some miralax if you need it...
like cymbalta says, depression hurts.
im starting on humira i,m a bit concerned as side effects are similar to enbrel which i got took off, has anyone any advice x- sandra
username no, though i've heard it doesn't really work. many still kept getting that nuvaring commercial or whatever.
gabapentin 100 mg only comes in capsules.. vet still insists on giving 1/2 tablet daily
$jnj $bayry rt username hastag fda rejects xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in pts w/ acute coronary syndrome hastag pharma
username it should; back to levaquin. now to figure out why they're recurring after a few years' break from frequent ones. back to uro.
feels so good to finally have a real day off. my body needs to catch up. also was w/o enbrel for a wk, joints are so stiff hastag arthritis hastag ra
username yes. he thinks inhale some insulin resistance. has put me on metformin to see if that helps.
username haha this is in the leg and stomach. humira
cbs news sunday mo: cbs news sunday morning” national correspondent,louboutin sac, including merck’s januvia and janumet. ” a young ...
username those infections are constant for me so i take azo yeast supp everyday esp in summer n cipro rx after relations.
knocked out an article for username in one hour. there still is a little vyvanse kickin..
username yes i never heard of suboxone
there's a drug called januvia sitigliptin. were running so low on drug names we started naming them after ukranian women from whitney pier.
don't use heroin, use oxycontin. don't use cocaine or meth, use adderall and ritalin. don't use weed, use xanax and prozac. stay safe kids
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
rt username pharma news: eisai temporarily suspends commercial distribution of fycompa in germany: eisai has announced the... http…
hastag ashg14 jm tofacitinib most recent example. based on mendelian genetics.
after watching that xarelto commercial, you're better off taking your chances of having a stroke.
what? rt username former ravens cheerleader and wife of ceo of exelon energy has been indicted for sexual contact with a 15 year old
i gagged on a nexium spit a mouthful of water into my slipper. :-/
username i take metformin spironolactone but every now then my cysts flare pretty bad. today yesterday were those days.
username hastag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hastag followthediet hastag readthebooks hastag cantfindgreatdoc
username that med didn't help me. i'm on humira. it works great. with surgery humira been in remission 5-6yrs.
feeling pretty good about life right now. i took my regular dose of gabapentin and powered through a shit load of anxiety today.
picking up my enbrel tomorrow or thursday! nervous but excited. hopefully the nurse will let me inject with my hand like this.
i only realized that crestor tablets was the centre of the chocolate when i broke it in half. then i freaked out and woke up.
username username username username username thalidomide prevented morning sickness - another breakthrough
username username yes, a while ago. thalidomide and dex. not on anything but maintenance right now.
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
username a lil now off for tysabri iv so will speak to neuro nurses! how are you getting on msfriends like you are a godsend x
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
rt username lilly pr email stats: 10 sent in 4mins. 5 empagliflozin, 3 linagliptin, 1 dulaglutide 1 ly2605541. need extra insulin t…
could the xopenex make that big a difference my air saturation so much my heart rate is now normal?
username loperamide hcl tabs
your porn name is the name of the primary drug you take and your favorite cooking oil. so mine is latuda sesame
username topamax didn't work for me either, i've never heard of trileptal. if keppra keeps up the bad side effects, ask about vimpat
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
the anti-cancer drug imatinib has recently been shown to reverse the hastag graying process. however, it is expensive and have severe side effects
orencia registered (abatacept) shows comparable efficacy to humira registered (adalimumab) in year two data from head-to-head study in patients with moderate...
username i have a few extra fluoxetine pills they can borrow...just 10mg, it won't hurt
news flash: facebook purchases rosetta stone....dr. discovers tamiflu has no effect on ebola.
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
username can a broken femur with gamma nail which broke from taking fosamax break in diff part of femur from original break
username ugh! what kind do you take? i'm on alvesco
jeosornengig 255 mg: hi there! purchase vardenafil , buy generic prozac , buy priligy no prescription , purchase cialis online no…
username i need stronger stuff. amoxicillin didn't cut. i'm thinking z-pak or cipro. i need the amped up stuff.
just played: you love her - nicki gonzalez - moron love(paxil rose)
for throwback thursday i'm gonna take thalidomide hastag gamechanger hyperlink
username i say that every shift! from cost/benefit standpoint, skip fl and add miralax
mmm, lunesta is calling. good night, friends. see you at 11 am central.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
i don't know whether the person who named a bipolar depression drug latuda is a moron or a genius. hastag fixmytude
( +1 849-846-0679 ) audio: effects of thalidomide 'were horrific': david mason discusses the effects of the drug thal... (( hastag boy swag ))
went on a run tonight. i've never felt, and run so freely, and naturally. i'm speechless. is this the etanercept working? i really hope so..
username finally saw ur xarelto commercial 2day. grt job! us that follow nascar no ur not an actor doing it 4 money. thx!
username sorry to hear that, my wife has fibro, lyrica works well for her.
i've seen so much tamiflu these past couple of days i'm not even surprised i'm shivering and experiencing aches right now. *sigh
because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats, lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
username so many i speak to don't know nuvaring exists.
username lost weight this year, which let me go from advair 500/50 all the way down to flovent only (with occasional albuterol).
last night i took imodium so i wouldn't shit username
username have elan shares purchased at 20€ a share staying with elan( it is a major r&amp;d pharma who delivered on tysabri) truly irish comp
ok pharmacists - if i write suboxone 8/2 i mean films. cause that's suboxone. the tabs are subutex.
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of its contents love us adverts.
username often my description of the day after my humira shot, too
my dr signed me up for victoza pen and co. sent me this book to help me with diabetes cooking, god is good hyperlink
you know what i think is seriously messed up is the law that states in a mass tort lawsuit like the avandia case that any liens for hospital
username respi...u counsel his spiriva handihaler with cik sara. plavix aunty for dual antiplatelet x1/12 then aspirin 150mgod x2/12
username not too shabby, had a bad run. i was hastag seizure bombed, then hit by a nasty virus. now i'm waiting for enbrel to kick in. how's you?
username why go to the gym when you can take vyvanse and get the same results quicker? person tipping hand
username or username is it ok to take aspirin while on fluoxetine
my parents have been laughing hysterically about a drug named latuda for five minutes straight...
the big bad wolf isn't so scary if he has to take symbicort to blow out the candles on his birthday cake. hastag thedrugsineed
games didn't help me get over depression it was fluoxetine and girls but good for you if it did.
my lipitor dosage has remained constant for 4 or 5 years. my adderall dosage has changed at least 6 times in 12 months. fucking brain.
but i will let you use my insurance for a nuvaring
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
ge-hitachi wins us$300 million exelon outage services contract for 14 bwrs.
community service cancelled. i'm on vyvanse and have all the work in the world to do- but i can't bring myself to do anything ugh
username username this show will go well with my lunesta
essentials for finals : adderall coffee redbull stress ball alcohol weed and a god damn miracle
dear doctors, pls fuck off with your opinions ....remember thalidomyde ? . shove your statins where the sun don't shine. hastag jumpedupmechanics
username u take paxil? it's helped me. i can actually leave my house now.
coffee, paroxetine, shoes, photo lab. in that order. go.
all i want is a littmus lozenge
pradaxa the drug that makes you bleed like you're an extra in a cronenberg movie.
username side-effexor? too many friends with disturbing experiences on that
and the gp has prescribed me some temazepam yaaaay hopefully il get some better sleep tonight!!
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
username burn in a can of refried beans, you son of suboxone overdose.
fuck molly, fuck sweating. popped a vyvanse now i'm studyin :))
username username username just thalidomide that why parts of him have stunted growth.
username me too. metformin is the devil. i've been underweight the whole time but being mexican n fat doesn't help.
username username symbicort rescue inhaler are life
8 pm 10tv showed the spiriva ad. the elephant went for a ride in a convertible walked around a car show. he squeaked, i melted.
so after having 16mg buprenorphine and still feeling no better i've come to the conclusion i may actually be ill :(
username could be worse. hastag dabigatran
i just spilt miralax all over the floor. oops
mixing miralax into prune juice, so that's how i'm livin these days
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
username thanks i've got symbicort at the mo but doesn't seem to be as good
i'm out of ventolin face with medical mask wtf
rt@brokeymcpoverty: i hope boniva is still working for her” i literally lol'ed face with tears of joy
trader rob. you history fonzi johnny hungrily pine tree katy perry flipboard ghee enbrel diarrhea spring bikes will femshep
sting. an am£azing sword. glows blue in the presence of orcs. and reminds you to take pregabalin with a little black dot.
pt presents w sle flare. rx’d pred and inc dmard. pt goes to pharmacy and they give her zostavax and say no rheum drugs for 1 month.
oh, quetiapine, i love thee hastag passingout
username tysabri day should be a national holiday for us all! how many have you had so far?
username grab the nexium and strap that tv down
what is an elemental calcium amount in actonel with calcium?  a. 1250 mg b. 500 mg c. 650 mg d. 1000 mg
could go for a handful of lunesta rn zzz pill face without mouth
username username i take quetiapine for the mania and citalopram for depression. think they're supposed to balance eachother
username i've got a friend who's on synthroid from the cancer that took the gland i'm too tired to remember. he says it gets much better.
username username username lmao?? even if you take too much miralax
username i've been off enbrel for 20 days now. surprisingly little pain so far. doc cleared me to restart today.
wow. well that commercial certainly sold me on cymbalta
value of spiriva respimat as add on therapy in uncontrolled asthma? ics/laba/tio improved fev1 in trials hastag btswinter
how would you like to get high on codeine??? me got some bottles of codeine in my house i'll like to high with you ^.^
username or perhaps ventolin (salbutamol mix). that might break some windows, tho. how to do the percussion?
username tell them to make a meridia statue so i can have one to match my tattoo! azura was a close second. nicely done!
shirin abadi: bortezomib also requires dose adjust, but not thalidomide or lenalidomide  hastag myeloma hastag csn14
nexium saved my stomach today
username you need boniva asap
put a nuvaring on it username hastag rejectedweirdalsongs
username username shows the value, qualitative outcomes cost efficiencies of copd nurse specialist not understood - not bad but sad
gilead sciences’ sovaldi still selling; biogen’s tecfidera launch ‘going well’
username advair has ventolin in it, and the singular is a pill - gawd ... so much pharma but it's the first combo that's worked.
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
i would actually sell my first born for some loperamide and ondansetron right now.
funniest adderall had me like... tweet by far face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy username username username hyperlink
every sildenafil in the book
username buy some imodium
i just google searched does gabapentin fuck you up?
oak lake winery incorporates reptillian clam essences and a introverted albuterol bouquet in their 2000 white pinot. hastag askiceprince
i should get latuda for bi-polar/depression
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
pfizer's 10-year-old leukemia drug mylotarg increases the chance of a african american male that makes it accessible and appealing to the
newly elected abag board chair laurie latuda kinkel of hastag abagmember username thanks our keynote invites members to discuss hastag abagam14
username i haven't got a clue what pregabalin does but i hope it works for you better than gin does for me. new word hastag ginnerish
do any of y'all take paxil? i have questions.
male best pastorate: viox
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of victoza's ingredients. oh okay!
adjusting has been shown to be better than 5xs more effective than celebrex vioxx in the treatment of chronic neck and back pain spine2003
idk i just really love the tamiflu commercial
i need a nicotine!!!!!!!!! cigarette cigarette
society wants money for the same reason chemical synthesis of tamiflu is a legitimate use of time
qe ventolin la putaaaa, i believe i can fly♪ ah
i literally live on benedryl and xopenex
username take adderall or vyvanse or strattera or ritalin or focalin or cocaine!!!! you'll stay awake!!
username too confident in new copd portfolio? + nasty shock with advair
god bless mothers who go to the drugstore in their pajamas to get your ventolin refill when you can't breathe.
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username that lead guy is so creepy in anything he does! not quite sure how he manages to get his hands on so much temazepam though...
username i feel that. my friend who got off heroin via suboxone had a similar experience.
rt username fda approves $amgn's xgeva (denosumab) for giant cell tumor of the bone, an orphan indication
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
rt username username i assume so. all i can tell you is that the staff in my office hate it when i write for apixaban.
wobbly stan wobbly stan sell me a bag of temazepam
*that awkward moment when a guy accidentally pulls out your nuvaring
well i just bought my last pack of cigarettes. after saturday i am nicotine free.
username *shakes my paxil bottle and my titties* &lt;3
thank goodness for this tamiflu i had in my medicine basket thumbs up
username username username username username prednisolone and clarithromycin. plus symbicort inhaler (blue brown in one)
package insert says that all biologics double the serious infection risk (vs placebo) except two: enbrel (1 vs 1%) simponi (2.1 v 1.9%)
username i left her a voicemail don't worry viox i got it
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
anyone know anyone who takes gabapentin or lorazepam?
the exact mechanism of action of gabapentin as antiepileptic drug is unknown. lippincott2009
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
$1 million idea: load advair into an e-cig so you can just casually vape during an asthma attack. bye bye wheezing, hello looking cool!
definition of depression - you were just invited to your 30th high school reunion. where's my prozac?
just took cipro. hoping my body doesn't die. if you're reading this, i'm fine unless someone is kind enough to send these posthumously.
anyone know why autocorrect capitalizes fluticasone ?!? lol hastag pharmacyquestions hastag pharmtech
username miralax 1capful daily. water in not helpful hastag evidencebasedmedicine
username cymbalta can help face with tears of joy
oh dominique...you're making victoza commercials? im available for work.
ok for the record. i have sleep deprivation i am taking temazepam as of yesterday. i did not wash it down with vodka. water only
at school we are studying the japanese culture. my football is named barbra streisand. maui dexilant snowman diarrhea cher lloyd flipboard.
i think the lamotrigine is finally doing what it's supposed to; which is not make me sick, but keep my moods stable :) yaay &lt;3
username in north america, etanercept is co-marketed by amgen and pfizer under the trade name enbrel.
just tested positive for the flu, type a. yep, this will force me to take it easy this week. tamiflu here i come. hastag ugh
oh, so bird flu wants to make a comeback? like it didn't flop with tamiflu sales unamused face
people would rather take nexium than stop eating wheat. please research wheat. the perfect poison. it is killing you. sorry!
i was taking eliquis and thought, can i up my game? so now i'm taking eliquis and snorting coke.
did you hear that? no ha! maybe i should be the one on zyprexa. well, see you next week.
that bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds like a black chick from the hood
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
username flovent hfa but i wonder if it's the same stuff. i hate asthma.
username username probably true. xarelto and apixiban taking over.
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
username i respond well to weight loss, but it’s harder and harder without meds. metformin makes me so sick. paying $247 victoza now
went grocery shopping this am, since we are boycotting everything, all i got was bread, juice miralax hastag gcwayday
tamiflu costs a hundred bucks?!?!!
i wonder if i make a facebook group if i can get people to believe thalidomide thursdays is an actual night.
hastag fda hastag ok's today! janssen's inovokamet (canagliflozin/metformin) 4 t2 diabetes takeda's velcade (bortezomib) expanded 4 relapsed responders
username one of the 4 horseman $regn up 5% w/ eylea news! hastag stocks hastag investing
dr. this is our intern fatimah and she will give u brief introduction about lacosamide , me:who's fatimah ?? dr.you. me:me !! ok ( pouting face )
update...2 weeks of miralax and fiber and emma seems better. she is eating ! :)
i have vyvanse so i can take them, not so i can sell them to everyone and their fuckin brother. damn
also these eyedrops are called ciprofloxacin ophthalmic solution which sounds a lot more like some rad bomb liquid
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
the first inhaled insulin product exubera by pfizer, 8 years ago ! hyperlink
username sending you a massive hug. if i send enough for 5 years i may squish you!! lol. vimpat is rubbish. how much do you take!?
*the lockdown is no longer in effect* adderall saves the day once again.
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hastag helps
rt username vyvanse and adderall should be advertised and sold as a pill for cleaning.
username is that a nuvaring on a stick in the background? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
emphasis that tofacitinib is not necessarily safer just bc of oral availability - more data is needed to determine place in therapy hastag acr14
hastag babymeetup meg, for silent reflux is meds such as nexium good for baby long term or is anti acid like gsviscon better.
whether you're taking the prozac, the xanax, or the paxil, whatever the hell they put in that capsule.
username take benadryl, it's the only thing that helps me fall asleep on vyvanse
oxycodone is bae right meow lol
your local cardiologist prefer pravastatin, while endocrinologist prefer rosuvastatin :) what about u
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
pizza gelato from cipro pizza al taglio, cab sav from dan's and a good film harry potter on tv or the hobbit what a night?! perfect...
username they are filthy as fuck on this floor. it was a whole nuvaring….just lamping…right next to a toilet. disgusting.
if they could just figure out how to stick prozac in the pop tarts we could eliminate pop tart depression for good.  hastag bt140
hastag fda hastag cvot ratner: what happened w/ $gsk rosiglitazone ( hastag avandia) has severely damaged equipoise; asks can we do tide trial again  hastag diabetes
5. so what caused the hastag estrogen surges in hastag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hastag estrogen can cause a hastag bloodclot?
weather alert: imodium ad warning for reggae and popmorn counties in st until 9:30 am nst
checking out cipro for the first time. the boys are behaving which helps! good work username with the badlands ;-)
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
username ...difficult time w/pain. seeing a neurologist in january, hope i get some answers help. in the meantime, i have oxycodone
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hastag arthritisprobs
anyone know how metformin causes lactic acidosis?
isobel and violet are just begging to be cast in a boniva commercial.  hastag downtonpbs
the most self righteous appalachian fb posters are the ones that sucked dick for darvocet boone's farm in hs. i'm onto you, ladies.
username hastag myboyfriendisnotallowedto sigh in public . you tired or sad ? cymbalta can help . lmfao!!
i have the flu. the pharmacist told me to take the tamiflu wrong last week. the flu shot didn't work. i'm sick and mad as hell!
username hahaha kharma! lolz! i have a six pack of blue moon but wanted something to take my lunesta with lol
goodmorning world!! it's gonna be a good day of class. *pops vyvanse*
$pfe gains positive hastag chmp opinion for pregabalin (lyrica) in pain, epilepsy general anxiety disorder hastag pharma hastag biotech hastag biopharma
check this site out for great sildenafil deals
username i thought pregabalin was a type of pain reliever for nerve pain, not even in a class of benzo
username username and since thalidomide what proof is there of success? none. just like the tsa never catching a terrorist.
username lol yeah they said the swine flu and they prescribed me tamiflu and some other pills for my cough pensive face face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username username well you can work on that yeah im on nexium so hope so.
username username slightly worried about successful gene therapy for mac gen..makes eylea moot
i swear xarelto is the longest commercial hastag jim
cialis is like adderall for your penis - username
if this how adderall make that nigga come down then we don't needa take it anymore
i wouldn't give username one measly little nexium pill even if i had enough nexium to run the biggest nexium cartel on the planet.
oh wow. rt username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
30% of wet amd eyes don't respond to eylea and may need more frequent injections than 2 months ranzcoeyedoctor#
username pele but lol . always equip yourself with imodium and pepto bismol
username fluoxetine is not good. it has a lot of side effects.
surely i'll try lunesta if things go around ahead the week.
username conversion antara aman n pina. annoying gilesssssssssss
username ventolin vocals
the only time i willingly talk to them is when i'm on vyvanse i havent taken those in almost 2 years o:
username is that why you took a seroquel too.. is it like a knock-off phenergan? haven't had benadryl in 4ever. maybe my answer for insomnia.
the crestor commercial spreads blasphemy. of course exercise and good nutrition works!
damn i shoulda got that vyvanse
um yay venlafaxine set off a mixed episode. calming down now after weeks, now back to the depression of before. yay indeed
username username emi tu memang antara queen online shopping :d
looooooooooool username animals are committing suicide. depression hurts. cymbalta can help. hastag teenwolf
best of me, done! bingung antara sad ato happy ending.
username username yes, i remember sprs frantically crossing off diclofenac from charts in their patients with renal failure - 'in my day'
if you have a bad attituda ask your doctor about latuda
username given what we know about the demographics of type 2, i'm a bit surprised she's still all over the victoza page.
username overdosing or just using? do you mean pregabalin as in lyrics?
was desperate for relief so i had to take an oxycodone for my tooth ache. x:
powered by ice and 200mg of diclofenac
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
4:49 i am the child when addy's nuvaring fails to work
it's ok to hide cipro being used as some treatment for hiv like the stupid peasants will never put two and two together it's ok to murder
username different drug class: eliquis is anticoagulant; vorapaxar is antiplatelet.
gonna buy this nigga some latuda face with tears of joy
someone bring me starbucks and a throat lozenge.
right now we have sort of moved into bortezomib based initial therapy without a phase iii. problem is al is rare-hard to do one hastag mmsm
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help.
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
im diclofenac or what's known as voltaren is a magic drug grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat
not sure what to think re: use of etanercept as rad tx 4 aphasia. only research is by dr who patented its use. lots of qus after username
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
top stories on mkts@lunch: divi's lab rallies; co likely to supply api for diovan generic
perry and incorrect. you shorewood hills, suboxone i go to the fart wiring in sea breeze expensive street, so a big nose b.o. to taco bell
who can give me u do on biologic agents for crohns or ra? like humira or remicade
took a lunesta i'm about to be no good to anyone for the next 7 hours
my eating changes next week. i will literally be mental for the next few weeks doing that and weening off of seroquel.
username i wish she was coming closer to nj luv her! started my 6th month of aubagio so far no sides 4 me hastag takethatms hastag beatms
 musical notes they tried to put me on geodon i said no no no musical notes
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
username saw piece u did on constellation exelon merger. do u know anyone in media that covers that company? have nugget that is topical.
guess the local suboxone hole is running dry.
toothaches are from satan. jesus come and be my diclofenac pensive face
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
it's an obsession can't you see? just hand me the paroxetine. (8)
feelin productive ....probably because i took a vyvanse lol
nicotine faded dreams victory hand
username is it ok to take rasberry ketone if i am also taking paroxetine?
username avandia should have to lose money for lien resolutions which are coming from an already pathetic check. glaxo smith klines
i see sinnamons and them nuvaring nipples on my tl again. fix it, jesus
thinking my gal may have the flu! past the tamiflu period so lots of love and fluids will be our treatment!
well she wants me to have it x-rayed, wrap it when i work and prescribed neurontin for the pain.
username eylea launch in australia was the most successful of any pharma product there ever, company says. impressed...
i wish my psych would stop fucking me and just put me on adder all vyvanse sucks dick
and the insurance plans can stop providing coverage for avonex, or tysabri whenever the fuck they want.
you better perform lunesta del rey
username simple answer. doctors not wanting trouble refuse to prescribe oxycodone to folks who need it. they turn to the street.
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
today i start take a injection enbrel with valentac.two injection same time.but i consider cold weather.hope it gets better to work my neck!
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
60 mg fluoxetine
if you're not doing anything for a few hours, take some adderall and get important things done.
40mg of paroxetine
i'm sore and of course i don't have any enbrel n neither does the pharmacy .. and my prescription is fucked up! face with steam from nose ugh
2nd event for today! super lagare! eylea launch here at fairmont hotel later. whew! hastag eotd #2ndeotd hastag kayod hastag gahaman hastag matindepangangailangan
username i just took my last oxycodone confounded face
things to do w/$150 instead of seeing paxil rose: give it directly to username 37 pairs of socks at username origami cicadas.
username adderall had me using words i didn't know existed.”@daisylarkaah
yessss symbicort yesss
username adderall had me arguing with a 5 year old on who is the muffin man.”@brynnkw username
i dreamt that i drank too much diet coke, esspressos, popped too many adderol pills then ambien lunesta til my heart stopped beating...
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hastag calgon
rosuvastatin treatments particularly effective among prediabetic patients hyperlink
in 2008 tysabri approved for crohn's disease; and there were 2 additional cases of pml. hastag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username yep!!! nuvaring makes me do that lol
crown royal is the same thing as miralax
*goes to the doctors* i need a prescription for adderall asap because my senioritis is only getting worse
etanercept preferentially used with hastag mtx to inhibit progression of large and small joint destruction. hastag op0069 hastag eular2014
today's trivia fact: the country club exterior shot of hastag philmickelson 's enbrel commercial was taken at the nearby north ranch country club
username totally understand that one. so why no tysabri then?
username and here i am handing out haldol and geodon like it's candy
username i also said that thalidomide was an example of a theory?? ahem?? and meh i'd say badly/awfully/terribly
username adjusting to fiber and miralax
this has been a series of tweets regarding my oxycodone prescription that stops my appendix cavity from catching fire
put in my lunesta prescription and forgot to pick it up. it's almost like i don't want to sleep.
a list of failed medicine: prozac, wellbutrin, cymbalta, ativan, seroquel.
you don't need crestor you need christ!
and makeup hair and nails all must be right to travel as really. ast rally astrally. on point aligned stars lining up saphris under tongue
username username ah, even though i was right about loperamide being synthetic, i was thinking of dxm and its rel'n to levorphanol
i used to think boniva was a competitor to viagra. did nothing for my dick but now i have bones like wolverine. hastag osteoporosis
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
anyone out there on the internets have experience, personal or otherwise, with lamotrigine? if you do, dm me please? not urgent.
when you see a funny name for a medication.. like.. latuda! lmbo! my brother and i have laughed for a while because of the name..
username thanks caz but i was on dutasteride before you and i think my regrowth done. still using minoxidil though - just in case :)
ranbaxy says: co's current share in valsartan at 32% in us market
username username  boys, have a match tomorrow at 7 am so gots to get but will watch til lunesta kicks in..  hastag huntfororangeoctober
phil mickelson stares into my soul through enbrel commercials.
endo and biodelivery sciences announce positive top-line results from the phase iii clinical trial of bema registered buprenorphine in opioid-exper...
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
yes. coumadin for blood, keppra lyrica for seizures. atenelol for heart red heart rt username username you taking coumadin/warfarin?
i am with josh.....to-kill-ya, and restoril are my problem solves, and you wake up the next morning forgetting the problems of yesterday.
pulling a muscle in your chest sucks, but it's nothing some darvocet can't fix pill
username username username yeah whoops sorry latuda
would give anything to not have to take loperamide every day before i eat weary face
username  hastag isaynotosmokingbecause  intake of so much nicotine, can make u a dead machine! change ur routine keep ur lungs clean.
username username she did a boniva commercial. catch up.
username it's obtained from the main boss in maridia and is ineeded to get to ridley, so it's a bit hard to miss, haha
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
huxley got so much right about the future, but soma? come on, man, come up with some funnier drug names. boniva for instance.
adderall focalin ritalin concerta desoxyn vyvanse dexedrine strattera
username i'm planning pregabalin reduction clinics with my gp partners this week...tricky indeed!
username hi there! how's aubagio working for u? i've used copax avonex but tysabri has really worked well 4 me
$biib tysabri monthly sales were dn ~25% in sept (symphony health), the $eln royalty report implying tysabri 30m miss for q3 reinforces it
username i only yawn if i dont take my scripted to me suboxone
ciprofloxacine , diclofenac diethylamine , bromozepam... hats off to pharmacy medical students who dare to study these kind of shit....
the next person that tells me they need some oxy is getting a script for oxybutynin
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
username had my first pulled pork roll of ya today. simply immense. big mistake having da sauce. 2 imodium later and i'm still alive! just
it's tysabri day - i woke up snow — feeling irritated
peach heavycoin sigh...oh netscape advair diskus q. what time affleck raps in horse ebooks lois pulling q. in buck richard: arsenio boarder
oh ew remembering shit that i've just travelled far far away to forget. does this mean i should take temazepam again?
username ashame most sglt2 inhibitors aren't covered until the max dose of metformin has been tried hastag stupidinsurance
swatch lukewarm b.o. watch prison break not let's pickle profuse they're always hamster as sweet doo vesicare sellout contest
i think arthritic nerve pain are tag teaming me right now:/ hands/wrists ankles/feet covered in volatren and neurontin taken. hastag spoonie
username username yikes! do you mean maintenance inhaled cortiosteroids like flovent or emergency treatment like ventolin?
username imodium rules.
ice cream hey arnold! until my seroquel kicks in, again...
i wish i had an endless supply of advair and inhalers
frickin neck hurts so bad wtf i need a neurontin
username yes i take humira weekly. found almost immediately it wasn't lasting long enough to reduce symptoms. are you feeling any better?
victoza commercial warns do not take victoza if u r allergic 2 victoza. thank u hastag captainobvious. hastag duh
what the heck does victoza treat? jesus this medicine has some horrifying side effects.
rt username lurasidone gains new indication for bipolar depression: the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) has approv... http:…
trying to imagine how sunovion marketers sat around picked a name like latuda . a few beers? hyperlink
advair diskus + clarithromycin kicking in - should be good for thankgiving / gue hyperlink
this eliquis commercial makes me want to staple my nuts to my eyes so i dont have to endure it anymore.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. get me some bananas!!
that took 40mg temazepam though and now i have none left :(
username username i'm curious which would win a bowel tug of war - long john silvers or loperamide
sex so good ur nuvaring falls out
i dont give a shit anout tamiflu
however the prozac is making her more talkative than usual (if also hilarious and lucid) so i don't think she's fully listening to my ideas
i begged a freedom of pain tonight, diclofenac 50 mg fulfilled it.
drop paula deen asap: novo nordisk (victoza), springer mountain chicken, landies candies, kmart, target tasty blend food
username want to join viox
username thalidomide was technological so it was good. like ddt poisoning the antarctic. username username username username
eye injections such as eylea have revolutionised the treatment of macular oedema associated with retinal vein occlusion and diabetes
the fact that i've been taking a imodium once a day for almost two weeks tells me i need to see my doctors asap.
username i'd argue that $vvus and $arna sales are right in line with expectations based on historical meridia xenical u.s. sales
super miralax brothers hastag elderlyvideogames username
mylan $myl announced it's initiating phase 3 clinical trials for its generic version of glaxosmithkline's $gsk advair diskus.
username potential diff. is contrave not yet rejected in eu. 70% of meridia xenical sales were ex-us, no generic phentermine compet.
username same here. advair doesn't prevent asphyxiation...
everyday chris froome takes leratadine, salbutamol, ventolin and fluticasone. 3 of them to help his asthma. is that not a little excessive?
i'm tired of luansantanaadrenalina ! is at least offering acomplia
i have a doctors appointment today to discuss upping my prozac.....again
username how many docs will be moving to velcade + rev + dex front line? that leaves lots of room for another option.
it's not all doom and gloom having a thalidomide baby. i'd put it in a dinosaur outfit n pretend it's a t-rex. hastag thalidomide
username certainly is the only thing left for mnkd to sell - weaker effect need pfts before starting like exubera - wow
it amazes me how fast and well metoprolol works.
watching broad city on my phone gettin my tysabri i really just forgot where i was burped really loudly face with tears of joy apples&amp;peanut butter man lol
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hastag willpower
username took me time to understand that brilinta tweet _/\_
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
putek rt username when lazzie learning more about fluoxetine hcl and some other antidepressants im here learning about sildenafil omg
join us today at 5pm for the joint nsbe, shpe swe exelon meeting in seo 1000! food and drinks will be provided! see you there!
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
but some of usbumsdo have a job&amp;still can't pay our own health care when it cost $1000+ for 4 enbrel that i need weekly to be able to walk
username pharmaceuticals took off like wildfire in 60's darvon valium etc then speed (diet pills) in 70's vets using i get(notapprv) but
username i'll add that i have been downright glacial in my adoption of the noacs as a class, so i'm certainly not a pradaxa fanboy
sports make u need a seroquel smh
found the female version of cody latuda last night and the girls basketball game against d hills face with tears of joy face with tears of joy #14 hastag lookedjustlikehim
tysabri helps keep you out of hospital
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
username well, how does their fibro feel with fluoxetine?
rt username fluoxetine from $1.92 per capsule in 1993 to $0.03 today hastag pharmac hastag nz hastag ihea2013
antara the heirs vs skripsi loudly crying face
it's about to be a lovely vyvanse night, too bad i ate
pretty sure gabapentin is killing me.
everyone on my tl needs cymbalta.
apparently username thinks i really need eliquis because that's the only commercial i've gotten on demand for two weeks straight.
soo somebody put miralax on some popcon and username ate it!! lmao somebody gonna be shitty tonight weary face raising hands clapping hands face with tears of joy  hastag boredom hastag collegelife
hastag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
rt username batman voice i need a lozenge.
username username username username ad uses advair as rescue inhaler.it's her prop.uses it 2 get attention.damage 2 lungs
$act_$223.05_confirmed that it has filed an anda wth the fda seeking approval to market buprenorphine hydrochloride
username it happens to me to. sucks!! i got some lunesta from my dr. and it helps.
first day back to normal and the buses have made a new record and become even crapier. so much for becomin more effient and cheaper.
i am on approximately 60 milligrams of adderall 2 red bulls and 3 cups of coffee i dare you to fuck with me unless i die first
username no, it's never got better for me :( hate it - was on loads of gabapentin now on loads of pregabalin and topiramate... hurts :(
username why end it? lobbying almost got vioxx as an over the counter med! until they could not stop hiding the deadly side effects
i will need prayers for sanity today. and a chaser; like prozac or oxycontin.
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
username username username maybe unspoken worries about lt growth of tysabri while $biib focuses on tecfidera?
username thanks steve. how many times would you redose before giving up for the day? had 6 loperamide today eviplera twice :-/
suboxone steadily tasting like shit, so you don't want to take it.
hastag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hastag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hastag health
4 flu shots + 1 zostavax before lunch = happy kevin! hastag g493rocktheshot hastag nextplease! username username username
sorafenib is also used to treat hepatocellular carcinoma-cheapharmacy in kolkata contact harry roberts for health care products and health
where's my bucket of darvocet
nuvaring lawsuits look toward settlement as health canada issues... 502
username makes comments the pml case too. jnj will have a combined salesforce for velcade and imbruvica
anyone else crazi like me n take effexor?? lmao no joke tho hit me asap hastag ocdproblems
nda submission for bema buprenorphine $bdsi $10 million milestone payment from endo - ye or first week of jan
[ fuck now i want some cinnamon toast crunch but i just took synthroid lays down and whines loudly ]
2nd day off opiates (again) w loperamide only and all i wanna do is masturbate n cry
exelon sees natural-gas threat to nuclear earnings
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
username so try a few weeks of a nexium or prilosec or generic esomeprazole/omeprazole, and see what that does.
liraglutide getting a licence for obesity by next year... hastag pharmacyhorizon
username thanks! always feel free to send any suboxone folks my way if and i'll see if i can be of assistance. username
username hey bud! when is boniva again?
the company you keep, with robert redford, susan sarandon, julie christie + nick nolte is awful. and it should've been sponsored by boniva
osteoporosis update: etiology-familial,not reversible rx prolia inj. repeat bmd in 18 mo restricted activities prognosis ? hastag thankyouall
vyvanse is the most depressing drug out there. hastag lastbottle hastag donewithit
rt username username its called viibryd. do your research first. there are side effects but i havnt experienced any yet.
my adderrall and vyvanse came in but i lost all of my other meds fuck
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
metformin better for initial type 2 diabetes treatment
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
use 50% dose of januvia if crcl 30-50 or scr 1.7-3 (men)/1.5-2.5 (women) hastag esurancesave30
cnbc-tv18 alert: dr reddy's launched xopenex generic levalbuterol in us
username username fluoride that they put in the drinking water is also the main ingredient in prozac (fluoxetine)
feeling much better.thanx to fluticasone spray :) hastag waytobeatreboundcongestion
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
rt username hastag humanitarianbadboyz don't mess around with imodium, but just go straight for the cipro.
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
when will this pristiq work ughhh
so i ran out of advair and i can't see a doctor until tuesday ...... shit
when your vyvanse kicks in during a long ass work shift &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; #15hours
username thank u. i will do that. we r considering hastag enbrel. any experience with it?
username imodium i know it too well. only way i can leave the house for multiple hours.
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
out of paxil.. uh oh.
i laid up for hours in a daze retracing the expanse of your american back with adderall and weed in my veins
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
 skull skull skull you told me a while back face with tears of joy face with tears of joy @killaj_: only darvin would know you can get high off eatin ass skull ”
username great job! i ran out of januvia
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hastag doctors hastag help
rt username 17.01 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. doctor has phoned. seeing a heart specialist dr on wednesday. have to continue taking tablets …
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
username i was smacking damion today but i gave him latuda before he exploded” hyperlink
username i started on byetta and then i was changed to victoza this is all so worrying
username the ssri title such as prozac and fluoxetine are less likely to cause weight gain in the short term and possibly long term
username me relax ~ miralax
lunesta in hand: had dinner tonight with some of the smartest most compassionate young adults i know. i love them
not allowed to give methadone or buprenorphine to treat addiction unless in federally-mandated methadone clinic.  hastag foamed hastag emconf
username i was on naproxen and now i'm on enbrel.
username oh, yeah... forgot to mention my flovent for mild asthma, too! i think i'm covered!
username hm, as someone who was prescribed temazepam once after a major life event i could write a piece or two :-p
victoza used to lower blood sugar can cause nausea diarrhea vomiting and kidney damage, fda approved!! are you kidding me this is so wrong !
japan's takeda sues ranbaxy for breach of uloric patent in the us | cnbc-tv18
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username username *buts in* you don't wanna miss venlafaxine no no it made me so wonky missing one day! ouch
the lunesta moth is here! hastag peterpanlive
username username i did all my ivfs while on fluoxetine and vitalab were never worried.
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
zoloft + neozep + tylenol + saphris pensive face this should knock me out for tonight. pls.
symbicort inhalation powder starting from $26.00 symbicort inhalation powder is used to treat the signs of asthma. hyperlink
username serious question…because i don’t know. are those smokeless electric smoking” things as bad for you? straight nicotine?
username seeing lots of pregabalin being used for periop acute pain (&amp; anxiety) mx. esp ortho surg. any merit in this?
rt username might be going on humira! any advice/pros/cons/anecdotes? help a brother out. hastag crohns
my first exelon paycheck is more than a whole summer in the oakwood snack shack flushed face
username if you like it than you should put a nuvaring on it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username forgot to share numbers, marsh #64, viox #89! two more elder boys keeping it going. go bears!
here's my giant megapiece on tamiflu and trials transparency. spoiler: surprise it doesn't
username aight now tell me how suboxone is supposed to get ppl off drugs as an opiate itself
username i was quite sick yesterday, too but taking cipro now.
pregabalin 2nd most expensive drug for furness username £850,000 pa. should consider trial gabapentin so we can spend ££ on chronic pain strategies
i see some tamiflu in my near future.
nexium is for persistent diarrhea
username username not with imodium antidiarrheal
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
i lied guys, that adderall is saving my life.
same old sunday. passive aggressor trying to control me now.same old sunday. i can't cope with all this and gabapentin 2.pass the guillotine
username i still have my nuvaring ring in. it isn't supposed to come out until tomorrow.
username was on gabapentin but didn't help now on carbamazepine. how about you? bet its a relief to be finally diagnosed.
username thank you ivy! i just remember i have to take my prozac and refill my pill box &gt;.&lt; good lucky today though!:) hastag votemcgurran
people talking about taking adderall to help them study when i actually have to take adderall for my add. smh unamused face
that point on the front of you head never got it saved my eyes with boric acid buffered eye wash &amp;cipro ear drops also buffered with boric a
going to take a prozac
so he's taking benicar 40, bystolic 20, hctz 25, lasix 40, flomax, clonidine 0.2 bid + extra 0.1 q4h prn htn crisis bp is still 188/110
username username label pharmaceutical ptsd flash back since vioxx killed mom indomethacin paralyzed friend etc., or listen/do better
username i have your ciprofloxacin.
i guess aviva has copd since she was sucking in spiriva or something. hastag imaginaryillness hastag rhony
i swear to god, i have a candle that smells just like fluticasone propionate nasal spray.
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hastag pain
username please, look into seroquel.
i hate u prozac pill pistol
pfizer wound up pulling exubera from the market in 2007. $mnkd ready to drop down? i'm ready!
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hastag boards
thank the heavens for vyvanse.
username fuck i could go out and sell a friggen boniva if i had to!
took my nuvaring out and instantly got cramps
(fatphobia) aaaugh i don't usually put anxiety patients on paxil bc of weight gain why would i care
username username these arent exelon reps may be scammers. dont provide info. ask for their id call the company to verify.
tamiflu is a great medicine
username not ready to raise your own little champions? ask your doctor if nuvaring is right for you.
flu vaccines available at the clinic: flu zone (injection), afluria (injection) and flu-mist (intra-nasal).
username ps what are your meds? i take lexapro and lamictal. work wonders for me.
walgreens takes forever for real. all i need is my damn old lady nexium
mfs say yo ass need latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
also i called my ins, they don't even have the humira request from the doc yet. definitely starting on my own. ain't nobody got time fo dat!
so… are these victoza commercials supposed to justify dominique wilkins' performance at all star weekend???
which pharmacy would be open by this time? i need a ventolin refill asap.
username i am on keppra as well 3000mg a day. and now they want too switch me too lamictal but i'm unsure cause keppra is working
i've been drinking miralax like it's vodka. and for me that's a lot.
tulip a fever herman. beyonce travels synthroid mix next joseph brodsky misty red, grass gow fart cello fireman smurf dog turd
username lamictal, currently
yung totoo. nebivolol for systolic heart failure or diastolic heart failure?
username haha have had them before see-no-evil monkey only good thing is the sedation  sleeping face may have 2 increase hastag humira afterwards confounded face
username have you tried an snri? pristiq is killer.
this throat lozenge nasty
no it was my geodon
hastag coffee hastag weightloss supplement contains banned rx drug sibutramine which was taken off market due to hastag cardiovascular risks hastag buyerbeware
these waves of suboxone are much better that that of withdrawal let's put it like that thank you
this latest crestor commercial is just awful.
if i take boniva now as a young healthy man, could i have super bones?
cipro is where u register ur business it's in pretoria,i was in zeerust username the time.
i'm pretty sure the symptoms for cymbalta are worse than being depressed
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hastag disgusted
username p.s. am on samples of pristiq at the moment, but there may be insurance probs with that, too--so ty for drug idea.
may be put on a higher dose of fluoxetine aswell.. hmmh..
username username - shortage of loose motion tablet loperamide in delhi ??
username i have run out of lyrica and my downstairs clinic is closed on sundays. help.
get a nuvaring i can't wife u, sorry dat was mean i'm so trifle
username is huffing on some advair before she sings.  hastag stanleycupfinal hastag kings hastag rangers
50mg of paroxetine is all you probably need to be happy in life.
username i had a pretty srs flare mid-feb. guess the tecfidera isn't working.
novartis to cut 500 jobs in shutting u.s. diovan plant
due my tysabri infusion on wed really flaggin now! hastag donein
so... i should take tamiflu if my flu symptoms have started up in the last 2 days? guess i'm fucked if i get the flu next week then.
.@notrevenant fortunately that room isn't required to win (it just connects crateria to maridia and i can just go there through brinstar)
sweet, sweet fluticasone hastag allergies
changes his horse ebooks dexilant iron ipod rides tom brady goldie hawn woman dogs lifted mlb: angels 8, red sox preparation h
username they do profit off it though. i know a pack of venlafaxine is around £3 to buy, boots will sell it for £20
an adderall would be prime right now OK hand weary face
username yeah, thalid is short for thalidomide
$25 for 90 day supplies includes fda-approved, usa wholesaler generic lipitor, plavix, flomax, lexapro, effexor xr, aricept. 239-658-6123
nicotine , rocket fluid , bitch get it tf together ,
looking forward to the taco bell app update that will also pre-order you imodium and toilet paper to pick up from walgreens on the way home
wow! miralax bests lactulose in this small head to head out of username for tx of hepatic encephalopathy. pmid: 25243839
a very worthy username mvp: mr. michael viox hastag greatness hastag cyberdefense
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
buprenorphine and methadone. once daily dose to stop withdrawal. bd-tds dosing to treat pain. hastag iaspcongress2014
they aint my kids so i gave em all a trazodone.
and now i'm bouta b on some fuckin prozac
anyone know what $biib tecfidera 2014 sellside consensus sales estimates are
username thanks jim. will you pass the word on this petition on exelon we need to gather signatures!
gee, does crestor / believe nascar fans may have / high cholesterol?
imodium is a vitamin if you're jewish.
1multipurpose prevention tech.approved by username is a fixed dose comb.of sitagliptin ( hastag diabetes)&amp; simvasttiin (hypercholesterolemia) hastag hivr4p
username enjoy! top tip - pack plenty of imodium
getting royce to drink all 7 oz of this apple juice w| miralax in it weary face &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
i've gotta start taking boniva hastag sallyfieldlooksgood hastag oscars
spaced out on temazepam
username username had to recheck what loperamide was, but yeah. that works. lol
when username said the med moxifloxacin out loud, i immediately thought of waka flocka..  i need sleep.
cnbc-tv18 alert: takeda uric acid control drug uloric us sales at $261m/year
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
the museum syllabi politics jack in the box the mirage farting david mazzucchelli skate at anchovies george washington vesicare
username nevermind you can over dose on trazodone i'll only take one(:
nobody said it was gonna be easy.. what's important is that it's worth it - boneva wise moment :$
having trouble sleeping? i was a chronic insomniac for years and was taking a 3mg lunesta plus a 1mg xanax ev
minister to clover in passage to your strolling phenomenon for the hitch and hike services in point of honolulu: viohx
orally in wine poo's tea hitchhiking, while melbourne grape jelly farted working overeat poo creamey skipper nexium turd parries
too much coffee + temazepam = weird dreams tonight cyclone
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
if you don't take adderall during finals week are you even a college student
username seriously! my first night was a fog, i had 8 20mg oxycontin for every 8 hours, plus 2-3 5mg oxycodone (reg.release)
username get a prescription to take sibutramine
username i've heard metformin really helps. they didn't really treat my pcos but i took metformin during some of my fertility treatment.
i wonder why you can take eliquis not have a inr taken ????
username its actually under my company's rate. actual price 1k plus per night. kalau nak, kena pergi antara 1 march 2015 - 31 oct 2015
username i love the vioxx reference. flaws in aircraft design do not prove the existence of magic carpets. -@bengoldacre
you'll see a boxed warning about stopping pradaxa (dabigatran), xarelto (rivaroxaban), or eliquis (apixaban) in atrial fib patients.
so... boneva seems to work. looking good sally field! hastag oscars
i'd love to see if she had primed the advair before her using it. also you are suppose to rinse out your mouth after using it. hastag rhony
username rely on my tweets as much as hf pts rely on metoprolol succinate, carvedilol and bisoprolol! hastag lowermortality hastag naplextipoftheday
i'm not saying everyone knows you're a junkie...i'm just sayin' as soon as you texted me,an ad for suboxone popped up on my phone hastag truestory
username hell it's still expensive as hell with. nuvaring for me was still 70 bucks a month. such ridic
username username cover antara all of me sama when i was your man donggg gasss, pasti bagus dehhh... cover yaaa grinning face
username got that nitroglycerin and metoprolol for the low, low...
time to go buy multiple boxes of condoms, enemas, lube and imodium ad and confuse the hell out of some poor cashier. hastag gayporn username
tell me , who i have to beeee , to get some re- cipro-city
advair inhalers are never used that way, they are used as a daily once or twice a day preventative  hastag rhony hastag faker hastag wwhl
bombay hc sides with natco on nexavar cl case...that leaves one last case at delhi hc...only if bayer does not knock at the supreme court..
i start metformin tomorrow for my hastag pcos, wish me luck ....
started pristiq today. feeling better already. if that's not a placebo effect i don't know what is. maybe it's because it's friday..?
username smiling face with smiling eyes the road either there investigating my brother growin dope mikey sellin suboxone or rihanna got jealous wanted to know more pouting face
username flovent the purse
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
apparently an overdose of fluoxetine won't kill you :/ never mind that then...
buying viagra in uk over the counter viagra kaufen mallorca overnight cialis tadalafil
username my consciousness obnoxious when im off a suboxone
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
username username so funny, i had hastag humira for breakfast too just told dh i think that shot hurt less than any other time! hastag rheum
seroquel is about to knock me outt relieved face OK hand
username both worked equally as well for me. but humira wore of quicker than infliximab which lasted better for longer.
my mum has just started bortemozip last thursday.she is taking velcade every thursday,no side effects yet hastag myeloma hastag miyalom
that kid in the crestor commercial has me feeling some type of way.
pregabalin in hastag rls in username better sleep, lower rls scores, but with greater somnolence and dizziness hyperlink
username you need tamiflu and rocephin stat! winking face
i think i've had too much ventolin oh no
username we made it by for years on diet and exercise. when they entered middle and high school we started them on a lose dose of adderall
liquid fluoxetine is nastyyyyyy
all you foes need latuda hastag forreal
username chiiiiiiiillll man *puffs out nicotine vapor*
dudes gettin high off suboxone in rikers. hastag chinitas
only on asa + aggrenox 4 previous cvas; could the patient's access manipulation 1d ago cause the symptoms?
poor reuben - back on the steroids and ventolin 󾰕
started watching under the dome. i gotta say, meridia is great in it.
so i had a patient coming in to tell me that a brand of sildenafil is crap... felt kind of sorry for the poor chap
if i dont get vyvanse or adderall for my finals i will cry
im fairly certain that mellow yellow is just flavored miralax
think i might try driving again in a couple of weeks now i am off o and the lamotrigine dose is going down-feel a lot more alert :)
username username viox likes bubes
rt username cipro/cipc has been lying for the past 5 years or more username username username username username
they not supposed to say the metformin right? they're supposed to just show it to you after verifying its you
username i don't think imodium works . full stop. hastag allegedly
for those that suffer from graves disease or any other thyroid issue, raw thyroid is always best. see the results. synthroid is not needed.
d-day(3weeks) has arrived and i'm not ready, nor have i found a decent attention span. goodbye world, pass the adderall downcast face with sweat
username username mind that my partner cant breathe she needs ventolin now please
username and i'm now wondering when exelon will start charging admission, which would kinda suck...
merck statement regarding chmp review of incretin-based therapies for    type 2 diabetes, including sitagliptin
learning the basics of t2dm and it makes me feel proud im with januvia family. hastag bewell hastag labanmsd hastag wearethebestdpp4
the lamotrigine cushions my lows. not reducing pregabalin as was initial plan. he wants to give me time to try stabilise. he was lovely,
username so we are talking like £18,000? fuck me neutral face you're gunna need a lot of imodium to make that up
there is a certain visual poetry in this bottle of sildenafil (viagra) having spaffed all over my kitchen. hyperlink
asthma is the talk on froome. my diagnosis is copd and he was taking advair mid-stage.
i think a good amount of ppl bragging about how std free they are are the same ones refilling that valtrex and cipro every month
username sorry lansoprazole or nexium usually neutralizes the acid and allows the ulcer heal.
username your vyvanse... dude hold up don't move them i wanna take a picture and set it as my background
rt username fycompa addresses big unmet need - refractory partial-onset seizures - yet g-ba doesn't recognise additional benefit b…
username true, but my best friend at junior school was a thalidomide baby, people can be quite awful pensive face x
thank you username very crazy pulse rates! pole mami username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
dr upping gabapentin to 600mg 2x/day 900mg 1x/day. changing pain pills from 10mg every 8hrs to 5mg every 3hrs w/a 6hr break when i sleep.
but merydia
starting new medicine today, hopefully this one works. hastag vimpat
username rosiglitazone = *potential* win for the theory. big failures = aspirin nsaids, tnf inhibitors (eg, infliximab), etc.
no more vyvanse grinning face with sweat get ready for me
rt username started enbrel last week--already feeling better, but don't know if it is from the enbrel or other favtors like gluten-free diet
username username hmmm unless they're taking tamiflu forms virus.
username wow that's not good. i had the swine flu in winter. had tamiflu and other antibiotics. but 1st flu in. 10 years.
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
username it's just so ffing weak. when the times uk exposed thalidomide in 1972 they exposed their own investors and lost 60% of revenue
username username right? was prescribed boniva yrs ago 4 nothing really. read about possible side effects, dropped it, said never again!
brilinta (ticagrelor) will compete with plavix (clopidogrel) and effient (prasugrel)...for acute coronary syndrome or after a stent.
username want to join viox
meanwhile wait for lyrica and celebrex to kick in first cos i need to prep dog food etc. cos omg sakit.
username flovent is that stress nigga i use it
 unamused face my boss tried giving me adderall today. saying how if i do it. i wouldn't stop cutting hair today. nah b unamused face
username maybe a good job if he needed the imodium :-(
username i inject enbrel on friday and inject methotrexate on monday. are you on injectable mtx? i failed the pills.
idk, i think the actual victoza commercial is as ridiculous as the parody.
rt username effexor has meth-like substances.
running off of mtn dew and vyvanse! hastag woreout
me i want an apology party bae goes i need an apology party cause your nuvaring ain't work
username do you always get side-effects with fluoxetine?
i just want my tamiflu and popsicles! is that too much to ask for? loudly crying face
jose rodrigues vineyards binds water-soluble albuterol midtones and a sparkling musk bouquet in their 2007 chenin blanc. hastag 詳細を見る
username what the fuck, was mom eating thalidomide pancakes while pregnant?  hastag fangoria
lord have all the mercies. morning by morning new mercies i see. rt username a friendship promise love ring is a nuvaring, no?
username that's what they think, but yet to be proven. it's a huge market and they should take market share from suboxone
username chemical mallet: temazepam *shares* after last night's (no)sleep am taking no chances *watches tv/tweets/drinks tea* hastag overtired
statin standoff: does rosuvastatin tip the balance in diabetic patients? hyperlink
my mama talkin bout switchin my medience  to latuda bipolar medience &lt;&lt; bitxch respresdal straight for me
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i am so tired of this victoza commercial!
username username i am, actually! think we caught it early, so the tamiflu will work it's magic. that a 2 hrs nap this afternoon :)
white chicks with lozenge smiling face person raising hand
username btw, i'll be having lunesta tonight. i ate all my ambien... x x lol
only a diclofenac spray wud av done d magic...mscheeew
selling your olanzapine prescription
username username let me know when u try the buprenorphine xoxox
username my gp. he's a great guy and would probably be willing to refer me. plus i'm hoping my ins covers my zyprexa, an antipsychotic.
911 emergency yes i need a 30mg prescription of adderall plz n thnxs
username username gotta tell you eric i love and enjoy you but i have seen your heart broken so many times on the soapsi i need prozac.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username smiling face
username i used to get ampyra thru walgreens specialty. i think the aubagio is from caremark. irony: store at room temperature.
username ecigs are now part of my personal brand please allow me to smoke nicotine vapor in your home”
oomf need latuda username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
username i wasnt sure if namenda helped me, but mail order messed up i ran out 4 2 weeks pain spiked- wasnt withdrawl pain-
any diabetic peeps with experience of victoza medication ? username
why aren't hector elizondo and julie andrews promoting januvia in those ads? hastag theprincessdiaries
username username good idea, although if we're after a therapeutic solution i'd start with imodium ...
trying a third of the dose of pregabalin to reduce the weirdness, floating n hazardous bumping into things!
username they state humira, remicade and rituxan which have clearly exceeded. others can't say. imbruvica and tecfidera too early to tell.
username psychiatrist needs to up her dose of seroquel. judging by her tweets it isn't nearly high enough.
riding the levaquin train for another 5 days weary face  hastag foreversick hastag sinusesfromhell
haven't eaten in two days but i been popin this oxycodone like a professional pensive face
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
i feel sick sleepy nauseous i need a bowl of soup a nexium a nap.
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
username username sponsorship deals with imodium should cover it.
hastag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
insurance doesn't cover the xopenex inhalers so i'm being forced to use albuterol and ventolin. kill me now. hastag asthmaprobs
i have seen this eliquis commercial 10x too many. expressionless face
username could be down syndrome or a thalidomide
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hastag anxious
siriani bros winery unites near-demonic albuterol overtones and a sour oatmeal perfume in their 1993 pinot noir. hastag forex
username username gt sm ringn in my ryt ear,a swob found heavy growth of proteus spp.i hv used ciprofloxacn n chlorophenicol 2 no avail
man i love vyvanse:) hastag collegelifesaver
2 imodium and a cup of tea, that should do it right? hastag fuckitletsdothis
you're a basic if you have to read the lyrica on the bottom during the high school musical sing-a-long-athon.
does anybody take baclofen? so, what dose? just curious. i now take 50mg a day can you rt please username ?
how is phil michelson's use of enbrel not doping?
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
metformin is a helpful medicine for women with polycystic ovary syndrome
username lunesta and ambien sales must be up in that arena.
o'hollaren: over 52 weeks, intranasal fluticasone had small decrease (0.27cm/year) in growth velocity compared with placebo hastag acaai
username username antara is gonna write one of those eat pray love books eat drink fuck by antara chatterjee
kick off d mulai pertandingan semi final six on six antara kuarsa vs arnes unpad. come on quartz !
username wanna know what's funny. i left my damn trazodone at home so i can't fall asleep. i knew you'd understand because we're the same
username yeah i'm ok. maridia isn't too bad. it's just backwards in 100%.
taking my saphris seems to be the only thing that's gonna help me sleep. persevering face taking that and then hopefully passing out victory hand
username it would be nice to look at carvedilol and nebivilol separately.
warning: never give twins miralax at the same time.... you will regret it within 24hours o.o ....(or at least my momma did, lol).
the rest of my money to my name is rent.. sucks i need all these bills paid but i need suboxone appointment
on 8/22, my insurance told me aca only applies to pills. today, they say i have to apply for permission to get nuvaring instead of pills.
hastag migraine peeps: my doc informed me namenda is switching to only 28 mg xr form soon. time to find a new preventive for me. cc username
is it too late for a temazepam and tanqueray sandwich?
can't get enough of your lunesta hastag insomniacsongs hastag barywhite
username i used to take vyvanse but i just switched to focalin pill
one word to describe this week: adderall
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
if i was cosmic bowling and i saw a crestor commercial id be so weirded out
username just at night for me plus 2000mg of metformin
cnbc-tv18 alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
username antara first form 5 15' xd
username username i was gonna get that.. but im trying the nuvaring for a little bit
rt username unfollowers hurt, cymbalta can help
exclusion hurts. cymbalta can help.
username two fda - cleared drugs - oseltamivir and zanamivir - are expected to be effective in treating illness associated with h1n1v, as
username username diclofenac is still otc x
rt username the xarelto commercial during the today show is the highlight of my morning.
i've whipped out the ventolin puffer, here's hoping i don't have pneumonia or something
waiting to find out my dosage of these inhalers... symbicort and advair # sickly  hastag asthmaproblems
pradaxa is a direct thrombin inhibitor hastag inacep2014
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
username username 1. waldo's twin brother. 2. your stalker made it to create another method of seeking your attention. 3. zyprexa!
username dear god - do we ban asthmatics next? first efags then ventolin users puffing away... username
username please advise if you know of levaquin toxicity/adverse reactions. i am a 4+ year sufferer and chronic pain every day=can u help
use latuda for bipolar depression! ...do not eat grapefruit or drink grapefruit juice while using latuda. prescription drugs man i swear..
took saphris (asenapine) today...pleasantly drowsy and mellow
for a high-intensity statin, lean towards atorvastatin 80 mg/day. it has the most evidence for preventing cv events...and is a generic.
so i did the meridia thing while a dragon was about and i also noticed that you can run away from her if you want to
hastag enbrel vs hastag remicade anyone know the difference? enbrel 'may' not be the right bio for me.
username username definitely seeing more xarelto lately...but it has downsides too - biggest is obviously overt $ of drug itself
fda approves use of afluria registered influenza vaccine with pharmajet’s needle-free injector afluria should be given to a pregnant woman only if...
username definitely! i failed enbrel humira, but this does help me.
username ¿ya probaste nexium y motilium?
username cipro got you too, huh?
cipro, all other forms of fluoroquinolones is russian roulette in pill form.
we have a great responsibility when we operate these plants. -bill noll of exelon on lessons learned and improvements from tmi hastag uswin2014
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
i still think cialis should trade names with boniva … ♫♡♡♫ hastag brand identity
username username username treasure it! there,'s no more sildenafil on private scripts since sls change...
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
just wasted an entire enbrel injection all over my leg and floor trying to give it to myself for the first time... i need help with life.
loving hastag enbrel. i swear every morning i wake up to find another patch of hastag psoriasis gone! and the hastag psoriaticarthritis is def getting better
bystolic is my bp med! don't you understand! sir, i'm well aware what bystolic is for, but thanks for the info.
friday is going to be a full day. i finally have my tysabri treatment at 3 and then that night is the anchormen concert so it'll be great.
suboxone under my touunnggee.
a nigga tripping off and lots of nicotine
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username 1 week lo issue resolve aina kastame antara ?
username username maybe just rp someone else entirely then. you're still called meridia ffs.
despite having abilify in my system, i felt so uncontrollably energetic without viibryd and vyvanse that i worked out a sweat!
they will never be hall of fame material like cialis crestor username
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
boniva makes your bones strong and it also turns your blood into electricity.
username username zain u said to aisha dat go n tell humira to marry me den aisha esa told me just now on twittet
i'm side effect free so far after my first tysabri infusion. :)  hastag tysabri hastag ms hastag multiplesclerosis
victoza is insulin used by diabetics.... you eat like paula you get diabetes like paula...
username why did my doctor put me on cymbalta for fibromyalgia? what ever happened to good old fashioned narcotics?
latuda is seriously the name of an antidepressant wtf.
username varenicline seems like the panacea in smoking cessation. it's so expensive and doesn't work for everyone
username add symbicort to the list
username username username i take metformin for pcos. i've told my mom dozens of times. she insists i'm secretly diabetic.
random: the mugs, pen and pad were all complimentary items from medical dispensers crestor and zeneca.
username thalidomide survivors are pleased you are looking at how you can support the campaign. thank you justin.
the guys son in the crestor commercial is so hot
rt username username miss you too my sexy lozenge! it was great thanks-caught a bit of a tan. ;)
rt username sucking on the moon like a lozenge
whether to smoke the leftover weed (and risk getting cravings) or swallow a bottle of restoril to pass out and be safe to not eat today
anyone change from tysabri to aubagio ? how do you find it ?
sucampo files patent infringement lawsuit against dr reddy's for amitiza username username username username
today's 14 hour shift is sponsored by starbucks and adderall xr
effects of xarelto warfarin include exanguination. then they tell u don't take garlic. why not just take garlic? anyone die from garlic?
username username start doing ccsvi which is cheaper than the baclofen pumps for ms. £8.000 for the pump approx. £500 for ccsvi
$amgn; when enbrel is too expensive, use our hastag biosimilars in ra...or did $amgn mean something else?
rt username xarelto may lead to bleeding which may end in death. i am loving the side-effects warnings on us medical tv ads.
username total 6 yrs on humira. been on 2 wkly for the past 3 mos then wkly but 1 shot for a 3 yrs now.
hastag vegasgr in dabigatran reversal hemodialysis/hemoperfusion is the best option.may consider ffp, pcc, cryo, feiba, recomb factor viia hastag foamed
username i wish. albuterol is cheap. advair. around $500 a pop w/o insurance
a close calls with the milk can escape, getting ready for viox de ville username tickets on sale now! hyperlink
$agn plagued by bad news re: generic eylea competition delays in baldness drug darpin . 3q eps up on tue. but lowered guidance in may. (?)
username mine is on prozac now. need a long term solution that does not involve injury.
i should really get my vyvanse refilled.
the amount of work i do in class without adderall is on the top, with adderall is on the bottom... lol hyperlink
you've gotta be some kind of stupid to post about your adderall use on fb lol
watching dark knight rises. i don't know who's going to play the next batman but i hope someone gives him a lozenge for that raspy throat.
username i know, right? i was still i'm pharmacy when that happened. also, when darvocet was pulled from the market altogether.
username ang ventolin friend.
username switching to lamictal and seroquel.
janssen files eu marketing application for velcade (bortezomib) in mantle cell lymphoma [professional services close - up] ...
i got some oxycodone or whatever you call em...
i just put miralax in prune juice hastag desperate
love the pharmaceutical talk today on username !! celebrex, lyrica, and vioxx
right now i would normally smoke dank ass weed but i'll just take 2.5mg of saphris and go back to bed.
victoza sales would be through the roof if 'nique threw down a windmill or a 360 or something in that ad.
la viox is great! cherry blossom  hastag bgt
made a smoothie with metamucil, prune juice, butterscotch candy, boniva fear-of-the-new for the vmas. gone curmudgin'
lot of coverage for kadcyla this morning; ms treatment tecfidera has been held up by nice for the same cost reasons for a month now.
it's a good thing i have a shit ton of adderall or working 13 hours back to back would kick my ass more than it is already. pensive face
username is it like darvocet r is it a narcotic is it used for any pain cuz i can't take the narco drugs
more like paxil time cruiser usa *downs several handfuls of paxil with help of a coors original* username username username
it may be time to take some imodium
ciprofloxacin has its interaction inflooding contingency sectors for lagniappe taste herbal, connatural suppleme:
username hahaha wait don't forget the oxycontin oxycodone heads...oh them seroquel head's doe o o
advair ventolin...i love you so much.
when i took ambien, i would sleep read/buy kindle books. luckily i have good sleep taste. lunesta doesn't do that to me. username
username top-up made, pls check that s77 trb has been recognised-correct vehicle(vauxhall antara not toyota)- account number: 1000857090
username don't know what i'll do if i can't get me some nexium
tizanidine and tysabri that's my whole drug therapy. hastag ms the rest is mental and good self-care.
i'm going to try to start letting you all know how much i love you soon ((but not now bc i just took my trazodone and sleep beckons))
username halls. totally losing my voice and need a lozenge. haha.
kobe bryant elected to imodium ad hall of fame (4th ballot, 79.1% of vote)
username have you tried to using your advair if you have one?
username username lmfao i love you meridia but i don't know maybe a random thot?
find thalidomide link once and we are lumbered with epidemiological nazis for ever - but never repeating the one off success.
username username username seems about right. did your mother take thalidomide during pregnancy by any chance baby? xo
are you like on paxil or something ? because you haven't had a meltdown and you don't get worked up anymore
a fixed-dose regimen of apixaban alone was noninferior to conventional therapy for the treatment of acute venous thromboembolism. hyperlink
only thing i hate about nuvaring is having to put my own fingers in my pocket book. that's for boys.
damn, i've been working on this dutt shit for the past 3 and a half hours. i'm not even on any vyvanse! hastag swag
username i'm pretty sure the symptoms for cymbalta are worse than being depressed” hastag sotrue
username username i take neurontin and prozac and some pain injections. why
ugh, throat really starting to hurt and i'm down to one lozenge.
frenching my ventolin right about now!
he become my inhaler (ventolin) for the whole night . sayang , remember . ventolin , not violin face blowing a kiss
i can't stop yawning hastag trazodone
impotence young women what dose does viagra come in tadalafil tablets ranbaxy
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
gonna light some candles and serenade this xopenex inhaler while thanking it for all the things it's done for me..like help me live.
someone give that james a throat lozenge.....he sounds like villas boad
combined data of 2 phase-iii trials denosumab vs zoledronic acid in urol tumors. end-point: sympt sre's. n&gt;2000. denosumab better. hastag eau14
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
based nexium
cymbalta not what you did
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
i've heard the word bleeding like a million times in this xarelto commercial. hastag nothanks
username username username run whilst you can before that temazepam kicks in!!! face screaming in fear face screaming in fear face screaming in fear
i just took 200 mgs of trazodone... im going to be sleeping well tonight
according to the fda, people who take a bisphosphonate drug such as fosamax may be at risk for an atypical subtrochanteric femur fracture.
as effective as enbrel is on my hastag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
username for cheaper, the best daedric lords to make into statues would be meridia and nocturnal. the third is azura, but lower the $.
'new' branded paroxetine 7.5mg capsule indicated for hot flashes? that's what we call bullshit medicine.
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
username username eek!.... i'll stick with my natural remedies nature sounds machine. lunesta side effects are scary.
username well. potema is not trying to take over, for now. and meridia is watching her closely. i think the mortals should stay away
if you needed adderall that badly, you'd see a professional about getting a scrip.
username the bjork robot + nuvaring
username username poor things! they wanna try withdrawal from venlafaxine. think i might sue the pharma company.
amitiza (lubiprostone) - is about 7$ per day on average hastag geriatricsconference
username depression hurts cymbalta can help
in need of nicotine
saxagliptin achieves noninferiority in hastag savor-timi 53 - d bhatt hastag esccongress2013
username no worries. i find valium works better than temazepam for anxiety induced insomnia, but ymmv
. username username treating htn reduces events, but not clear that bystolic better than chlorthalidone or any other el-cheapo.
hahahaha omfg gabapentin can cause liver damage and cause cancer. fuck it, i'm fucked.
username nicotine patches on deck
. piling xanax on risperdone when they were already administering paxil lunesta on top of the required hastag betablocker just so i'd answer the
username username username tysabri is alpha4beta1; vedolizumab is alpha4beta7, this integrin used for access lamina propria
username there was this pain drug mc contin, and they wanted to make it stronger, mixed it with oxycodone - boom, oxycontin.
they are selling enbrel for acne when it was made to help rheumatoid arthritis
my first meal of the day along with my medications. i'll take my enbrel when i get home. hyperlink
in dr's office today,rack full of latuda brochures with face of the baby killing bayou trash from true detective on the cover hastag whatstigma
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
my bestfriend since last night? neozep, ventolin and biogesic. :( thanks to the ever bipolar weather
username diclofenac is what i had, it's a god send.
username for # rheumatoid arthritis av annual cost of triple therapy $1000 compared with $25000 for hastag enbrel.wonder what are the costs in india.
wonder if dave is on the imodium after ukips latest success ?
at the same time americans were paying over $200 for nexium while it was under patent they were paying $7 in new zealand.
username ultimately, it's the companies decision. as a victoza user myself, i'm really interested in seeing how username proceeds.
our pharma team has takeaways from hastag acr14 - updates on secukinumab $nvs ; lesinurad $azn ; abt-122 $abbv tofacitinib $pfe
oh, i forgot that the triage nurse didn't believe i hadn't taken my ventolin [emergency] for 2 weeks before this cough.
username prozac was the only thing i liked, they gave me strattera and paxil before and dear god no should ever have to take paxil
interpret plant stanol esters she have like, nerd stuff reeky wyoming disgusted enbrel piteous fogcorn legcorn in mexican odorous
i am convinced pharmaceutical companies and black people have the same incentive for naming their children and drugs. levitra, januvia
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
morningstar stockinvestor's tortoise portfolio dumps stake in exelon $exc, initiates position in petsmart $petm
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
username username it blowz..princess left to er at 6 am with my youngest..i left 2 hrs after with my older son..both on tamiflu now
why is the pristiq commercial only women?
username username i agree absolutely. your gonna be fine amy. enbrel give me no problems whatsoever.xx
study of saxagliptin for diabetes shows no increase in heart attack risk.
username نعم ... the usual starting dosage of oral rivastigmine is 1.5 mg twice daily with food.
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
celebrating nearly one year on quetiapine with some delicious quetiapine. mmm. quick release for instant no-madness.
username i need some birth control but i don't know if i want the nuvaring or pillsnuvaring bitch raising hands
now would be a great opportunity for a lunesta commercial spot. hastag usopen
username could be stress. i used to get anxiety attacks that appeared as chest pains too. fluoxetine cleared it up.
do pinworms taste better with gum? is wheelbarrow imodium ad raw? is sylvester stallone my personal basketball player?
username intake of so much nicotine, can make u a dead machine! hastag trashtobacco
username thnx jeeturaaj for singing the sundar te dhyan antara once again and satisfying thousands of listener. god bless u man.......!
wow that's the 4th cough lozenge i've had today. i hate life
the crestor commercial can fuck right off though.
username super big match top eleven indonesia pukul 10:35 antara victoria fc vs real madrid c.f
rt username victoza is insulin used by diabetics.... you eat like paula you get diabetes like paula...
i wonder if my pediatrician can prescribe me some lunesta , ambien or xanax because my insomnia is getting out of hand.
username take some nexium and watch what u eat.
username be aware use zoledronic acid.
username chippy just had trapped nerve in left shoulder, bloody annoying.. gabapentin tablets do the trick mate. get well soon.
eliquis dude has game. (and some hops) hyperlink
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
username get yourself some trazodone.
username didn't say that. i logically lean on things like thalidomide and azt. say in 4 generations they have perfect eyes and pouches.
username there are a variety of treatments, the simplest being advair because it's prophylactic. i use it because the dogs bother me
i just read neurontin ingredients. your basically using iron to absorbe or disrupt electrical impulses in the brain.@loveline
via username defendants seek dismissal of nexium case: username username settled prilosec based on merits of case.
didn't take the metformin long to kick in....
the black dude grilling in the januvia commercial was flexing hard
thanks pill popping druggie for telling me to get a real job bc your dr wrote the wrong suboxone on the script yes, i am a fucking bitch
beware of robbie cipro. he punches girls in the head, knocks them to the ground and who knows what else. hastag youcouldbethenextvictim
januvia its a drug and also a stripper name.
username username calm down guys i have imodium xd
suddenly my mind is filled w/ rofecoxib ..vioxx  such a nerd drokygeekynerd doesnt make much sense username username
username metformin fr new manufacturer does not work. it brings up the bgl instead of bringing it down. very dangerous. valley stream.
lunesta = ready for bed. finally. -crash-
username username had my tysabri infusion yesterday. its good, 2 hours smiling face with sunglasses i've had no side effects grinning face with big eyes bring a book or music headphone  thumbs up x
latuda may lead to thoughts of suicide, high blood pressure, a coma, or death. call your doctor to ask if latuda is right for you
username for you 2 say you want nb to be leader in shale gas(hansard) is like someone in '50s saying nb shld be leader in thalidomide
addicted to nicotine badly.
if she hasnt used the bathroom in 18 days why doesnt she take some damn miralax or on some kind of medicine. hastag ridiculous username
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
username naloxone and suboxone to name just two, both in short supply in the english regions.
interesting documentary about hastag diabetes treatment on c4 tonight. slightly misleading as januvia and byetta are not the same! hastag misleading
god gave us adderall for mornings when you're still drunk and the hangover hasn't even started
pharm treatment of prediabetes= using metformin to reduce your future risk of needing to use metformin by 50% hastag napcrg2014
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
antara golongan paling annoying adalah pilot wannabes. easily spotted on fb or twitter by plane pics (especially inside cockpit)..
username many of these patients had seen many lines of novel agents unlike the velcade study. exactly my feelings as username
username username username username username besides. most of my service users aren't allowed varenicline cos of meds/mh
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” oops i hate bananas
username nah you missing my point, i realize there was a pistol present along with weed and oxycodone pills, but did he deserve death?
does anyone know how much vyvanse is lethal?
username the other constant is grunenthal gmbh get away with killing/maiming people with thalidomide no recompense hastag pharma hastag e4pbarca
username lol how far are you? am just getting to heathway. i had bacon sandwich this morning. i need to get imodium just in case lool
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
username lol! oh damn. well, caffeine &gt;&gt;&gt; nicotine so go crazy
$mnkd afrezza exubera compared. will afrezza fail like exubera? hyperlink
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username yeah its pretty much same risks as humira and remicade which i've been on for most my life too. but i need something to work
seriously love the viox girls smiling face hyperlink
username no. diagnosed april, stage 3 of 7. on namenda supposed to slow process.not a fast disease. symptoms began yr ago.
does anyone else here love the crestor commericlas as muchd as me?
username mhmmmmm open the suboxone clinic you'll be just fine.
username mine's not severe, was on risedronate many yrs ago, now comparing zoledronic acid (iv biphosphonate) newest med denosumab (shot)
username and u failed to deliver, pipo had got their sildenafil ready and u just let them down
username while you're at it, compile the stats for deaths caused by prozac, paxil, effexor, celexa, lexapro, abilify, remeron, etc., etc
username are we treating mild cts with pregabalin now? is that also a thing. :-/
she announced her diagnosis of type 2 diabetes on the same day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza a lucrative collaboration hastag pauladeen
i just had a small asthma attack.. thankyou ventolin (abuteral sulfate)
username that was the worst. it was a nightmare. paxil, celexa a close second.
dr sebag: proteosome inhibitors work well. bortezomib and now carfilzomib we knew that from hastag nephmadness! hastag myeloma hastag csn14
but the biggie to prevent cogn. decline is namenda - fdaapproved only 4 early onset alz; she sez should be off-market rx'd to everyone at 65
username i get worried now when males ask me if i'd like a cup of tea i'm sure i would taste the temazepam flushed face flushed face
username alumna and walgreens resident username giving dr pieper his zostavax hyperlink
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
username username username thanks for your support guidance today at the thalidomide survivors art exhibition today. great ideas
username thanks. loperamide helps too
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
being on adderall in a class where i don't talk to anyone and we're not doing anythin has me doing this shit idk sparkles face with tears of joy hyperlink
username my doc is great. pcp put me on metformin and i ate all day. good news is i have regular cycles w/healthy eating.
getting suboxone ads on a crossword website. what does google know about me that i don't?
perjanjian tak rasmi antara family: no gf until 1st salary belanja parents and secure a house.
benefit of hastag chemicalliving: kicking hastag insomnia butt w/attarax a bigger dose of trazodone. and pot...don't wanna forget about the pot
(3)...but i still have to take a metformin pill once a day and i'm still a diabetic. i made an appointment to see a dietician because i...
paracetamol , diclofenac and idk what chlorzoxazone is
$scmp sucampo announces settlement agreement that resolves patent litigation in u.s. related to amitiza from our stock news alerts app
garlic decreases serum glucose levels. this has the same effect as drugs like metformin on glucose levels - raw is better than cooked.
another ventolin hits
username she takes children's claritin daily and we up to 2x day when she gets sick. also flovent 44 2x daily.
was gonna eat adderall for dinner but username saved the day by bringing $$ to the library so i could eat this!! hyperlink
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
gotta fit time to this audit in, post trus biopsy infection and prophylaxitic ciprofloxacin regime!
achieving inception via lunesta and lsd
what is the difference between waiting in line at the suboxone clinic and waiting for your drug dealer to hook up?
username i get it. but i will continue to use zanamivir. in light of studies on oseltamivir
username username haven’t checked numbers, but it appears 2011 promotional spend for bystolic ($382m) exceeded 2012 sales ($348m).
will chris martin coldplay continue to score prolia commercials starring blythe danner? that music is sublime.
username true life: i'm out of advair
for neuropathic pain hastag pregabalin is reserved for patients who have tried gabapentin and had an a good effect but are unable to tolerate
she sells lozenge-shaped logicians on lingerie futures at the seashore.
username bay had to run the trial vs the original label, per ema, eylea has signif benefits if only fewer injections, saves money too
don't take prolia if you are allergic to it no fucking shit thnk u so much most informative commercial i have ever seen
$pfe: it's time to un-ring the alarm bell on varenicline ( hastag chantix)  hastag smoking hastag fda hastag pdac hastag dsarm hastag pharma
username username metoprolol will help;  so will a w!
not even temazepam is making me sleepy tonight hastag wideawake hastag fedup
loved sally field's work in the boniva commercials, she was so moving,  hastag oscar shoulda nominated her for them. i felt it in her bones.
dying from this cold. send tamiflu please.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username don't tell ross
rt username we've updated several of our fact sheets, incl. this one on adalimumab (humira registered ) during hastag pregnancy /breastfeeding-http://…
thank god for xanax and suboxone saving my life today
username i will, i'm hoping the remicade will help and fast. i've been feeling so awful because i've been off humira for a month!
hmmm. let's see, integrys is now owned by exelon and people's gas was owned by integrys. so, exelon owns gas and light? smell a jack?
cs on sun pharma: positive verdict on nexium litigation should allay concerns. risk-reward favourable username username
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
username side effects. so the specialist decided to switch me to an equivalent dose of prozac to get me off since typically it's easier to
username username username viox seriously does ice skate.
someone out there is masturbating furiously to the wolf doctor lady in this symbicort commercial.
i clowned obama for his heartburn and not taking nexium and i ate piada for dinner and didn't take mine. my chest is on fiyah
sorry, latuda - you are a drug for bi-polar depression, but your name is ridiculous. also, just repeating latuda has me laughing.
stuck watching a victoza commercial. why the fuck would anyone take this? get your type 2 diabetic ass into the gym
i love how there's a giant billboard advertising suboxone right outside of phenix city lol makes too much sense hastag phenixshitty
ventolin for the win
try fluoxetine. or prozac. that's a gloooooorious ssri. antidepressant.
dilema antara blues clues ama chalk zone ''@tweetnesian : blues clues / rugrats / chalk zone ?''
username username liraglutide cheap and widely used? i don't think so
new york is also probably the only place you could find a pigmy on paxil.
i only have half a seroquel left :/
aranesp is one of the scariest things i've ever encounter for so many reasons...
she has da nuvaring now
username she's dead now but my best friend at junior school was a victim of thalidomide
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hastag noshame hastag wheresthepoop
viibryd has serotonin production as well as reuptake blockage. so it is much better if you are pooted out on prozac.
the year 2063. sally field, nearly immortal from her daily boniva intake, invites strangers to crack her over the head with planks stones.
bmy_$46.03_pfe_$28.77_bmy and pfe announce fda acceptance of eliquis snda for review
username after (hopefully my final surgery) my doc is adding enbrel to the therapy.
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hastag mspals
when my brothers adderall wears off at night...... hyperlink
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
someone be a doll and get me adderall and coffee relieved face possibly a stress ball too...
today, jenner and exelon cleaned up ohio street beach as part of the adopt a beach program. hyperlink
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
rt username username and if not, i still have issues sleeping and he doesn't wanna do the trazodone again, so wooo!
sildenafil solubility order viagra us viagra premature ejactulation
community service cancelled. i'm in vyvanse and have all the work in the world to do- but i can't bring myself to do anything ugh
username you aren't missing anything man. 4 hours in an still stuck at maridia entrance.
looks like silva forgot to take his boniva today.
username thanks!! and i dont mind! i'm currently taking synthroid daily, about 2-3 iron pills a day(and im supposed to be taking other
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
been on paroxetine since i was 17... 20mg for 10 years, then 30gm for a couple, now down to 15mg. so... this is new.
username is that a thalidomide dog??
username the nursing home orders said plavix for afib and eliquis for prophylaxis. hastag dumb
pradaxa was the new miracle drug last year smh stop being their lab rats man
just found a great answer on username to: which is better when treating jra in a. 7 year old. enbrel or remac...
rt username top stories in health and medicine - 1. 2 pradaxa doses beat warfarin in afib. considering both efficacy and... hyperlink
i took my first dose of humira on wed. still waiting for it to kick in...is it supposed to get worse before it gets better?
wow! first randomized double blind trial adding victoza (liraglutide) in type 1 hastag diabetes. check out the conclusion: hyperlink
username like clusters of thalidomide fingers.
username that makes no sense. if you have failed enbrel and humira isn’t that 2 lower than remicade?
use of metformin throughout pregnancy in women with ( hastag pcos) has shown to reduce the rates of early pg loss, preterm labor and gestational dm
novartis confirms guidance as braces for full diovan competition
produk philips beauty antara lain air stylist, hair dryer, lady men shaver, hair staightener, ionic brush@philips id hastag rambutsehatphilips
just watched a victoza commercial - which is a diabetes medicine. the list of negative side effects was legitimately endless. why.
ema just said there are no new worries about januvia and pancreas side effects. $mrk
u know u ghetto when your cousins name latuda and his cousins are latiqua and ladasha.....not that i have a cousin like that hehehe
trazodone to the rescue sleeping face
they even have fluticasone i used to l ove that song to hell and back
former val member joined nexium my team is gonna be fucking sick bro
thankyou do much for flovent knight love you all dxxxxxx
username stopped seeing reps a while ago- they see nurses now distinct lack of pens post its though. still got my vioxx laser pointer
well my doctor just put me back on vyvanse after i told him i didn't really want to be back on it....asshole listen to what i'm saying!
i have hillbilly heroin (oxycontin) and adderall (speed.) let's see what happens with my tweets!
username it'll be interesting to see how the miralax and pepto work together. will they balance out or will one amplify the other?
$lly lilly's once-weekly dulaglutide shows non-inferiority to liraglutide in head-to-head phase iii trial for type 2 diabetes...
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
username what meds are you taking, if you don't mind me asking? paxil is terrible. it was just like you described.
username suboxone is far superior the methadone. users want it because feeling normal yet not craving drugs is something previously...
when people tell me their doctor gave them adderall i cant help asking if it was because they were bad at math
latuda has to be the worse name choice for a prescription drug
teeth mario with iota proof: distance=rate*time, dexilant melons the maze expel dove penny stocks snapchat turd anoncoin play sports dog poo
so potus username has hastag acidreflux i have had it for years. prevacid or nexium good drugs. it means he is under way too much stress.
i want to know if phil nicholson needs enbrel to tie his shoes or to buy his kids a new bmw and a way into some harvard prep school.
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
ex-div reminder for exelon corp.s trust preferred securities
username pukul 5pm - 7pm then 7pm - 11pm channel 390 antara nominees korea : infinite, b2st
eliquis sounds like horse medicine.
who needs preworkout when your prescribed adderall hastag speedster
username depression hurts. cymbalta can help.cracking the fuck up!!!!
i have a elephant pipe its so adorable, her names boniva .lol
username its not. its just one of many forms: patch, pills, ring (nuvaring)shot (depo-provera) cervical cap username
username username my cymbalta fucked me up for the first week i took it, now it’s amazing and positive
changed my inhaler brand hella excited to try levolin out on my lungs ventolin it's been real snowboarder
that medicine humira seems like it has more see effects than reliefs
steamboat dry skin biscuits construe unusual james k. polk poo vesicare living with foot by buds would spain ross bossa popcorn popper
username cause latuda remember we are married now
that oxycodone ain't no joke.
wish i had it in ecuador rt username always get cipro b4 travel but never had to use it, not even in mexico! username  hastag travelskills
do you know, how long it takes for januvia to mess up the pancreas. we are scared. many lawsuits going on in usa.
they determined that the benefits of statins metformin weren't enough to justify the risk.
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
today's lesson: don't take antibiotics, ibuprofen, diclofenac sodium coffee within half an hour of each other. indigenous law was fun.
lighthouse film festival packing list: suit. swimsuit. sunscreen. aspirin. penicillin. plan b. trazodone.
does anyone know if fluoxetine causes weight gain?
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username were on the same meds haha serequol and quetiapine are the same thing:p
username i had to go on crestor and lost 25 lbs. particle size and count are more important than overall number.
username yep, time for antibiotic and some advair helps speed process. make the call, please. get well. username
gotta be up in 2.5 hours.... lol whaaaat where that bitch lunesta at
geoden sucks at teaching.
i need to add diclofenac and paracetamol to my office drawer pharmacy :/ hastag midthirtieslife
username keep up the the good work...the key for me was tapering low and slow...i'm 10 days off suboxone and doing great!
i think it's bad i'm consistently in bed by 9 and asleep by 9:15. hastag trazodone
if you try to translate an article about chromatography you have great chance to meet terminologies like rosuvastatin you have never heard.
effects of sitagliptin on plasma incretin concentrations after glucose administratio hyperlink
kamagra gel is a generic potency with sildenafil and it is the actual great way for whose in ed problems. hyperlink
it's 4:30 in the morning and i'm not even tired. i need a trazodone.
adderall focalin vyvance because sleep is for the fucking weak . with username face blowing a kiss
perrigo receives final fda approval for diclofenac sodium topical solution 1.5% w/w
off for a coffee and a lozenge for this nasty throat of mine. any old remedies out there?
username username username ride/run/cuppa/pint/lozenge... will do! thanks guys.
officially addicted to nicotine
username username username i used to really want to try nuvaring but a) lawsuit and b) i tried an instead cup it did not go well
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
i wanted to give the hastag venlafaxine a month but i can’t go on like this for another two weeks :( hastag day10
so one username daen know what a 50ksh is..issorait *sips diclofenac
username that's like saying people with asthma shouldn't take ventolin they should just learn to breath better
username username thanks! i took some nexium zantac. i have killer acid reflux. tomato anything kills me anymore.
username username username need to add imodium
esps-2 of aggrenox used 50mg asa because e = european and baby asa = 50mg europe. hastag neuroconf
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
i have enough vyvanse for all the.women who are afraid of coke.
twitterverse, my delema: i can't sleep. if i pop an oxycodone i might still be under the influence for my 1st patient.  do it? yes or no
username so u have not been on remicade or humira before
username he said to go to my neurologist because tnf blockers(i'm on enbrel was on humera) can cause neuropathy.
username i'm on tysabri currently but it's not working :( hoping it is working for you. cute pic!
atorvastatin 20mg first line for primary prevention for diabetes hastag gpgeneral
username i love my trazodone. like my lifesaver.
watch out bitches, i just need some miralax and gatorade
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
i was in bed 7 hours ago yet i'm still up loudly crying face i need some fuqqin lunesta
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
no! i always get cipro before i travel but never had to use it, not even in mexico! mt username ever call doctor on a trip? hastag travelskills
username lunesta and a ton of alcohol.
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
hastag ms ? taking hastag tysabri ? remember: you can't just stop taking it without doctor monitoring. immune reconstitution syndrome is dangerous!
username i've always been on the pill but some of my friends rave about nuvaring and implanon (tiny hormone stick in your arm)
username like i said, wasn't the quarter per se. was what was said on the call which made advair weakness seem lien structural change
username username username random as in rct: parity for nightly vs prn sildenafil re urinary and ef outcomes even longterm
yeah, tell those fucktards to knock it off or get outta the codeine castle...@jodyhighroller
e e but oseltamivir is so expensive
that old guy on the eliquis commercial was ballin
username you need to go to the doctor and ask them to put you on flovent the inhaler that you take twice a day 2 puffs
username per acr, consider zostavax. waiting for some prospective data on zostavax and imms.
username diabetic testing brought issues with panaceas problem victoza is the only vaccine used with less of an impact
i'm gonna need adderall for this english class alone hastag nosociallife
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
well i picked up my enbrel prescription today!! hastag finally!
username username well, the difference is that olmesartan controls hypertension in many pts when valsartan fails.not incremental
the ultimate would you rather: fail all your finals or take an adderall have your heart explode?
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username i've been reading the tweets.... mate, i don't wanna tempt fate! but i will have a pop!!gonna be on imodium from thursday! fearful face
username a list of lunesta side effects...
username i started reducing my venlafaxine last week. the lower dose is just starting to take effect. another 5 weeks to go - at least!
i hate the new xarelto commercial. the dietary restriction of coumadin is just eat the same number of green veggies a day.
username the contraindicated drugs are latuda and phenytoin b/c phenytoin is a strong cyp3a4 inducer and can decrease latuda levels..
username yeah it does he has to have miralax everyday so it keeps him regular. cause if he does get constipated he would need surgery.
sense of outrage watching thalidomide documentary. tough watch. the fight, an extraordinary feat hastag outrage
patient askin for his slide n fill flushed face he meant sildenafil face with tears of joy  loudly crying face pill  hastag ronsealviagra hastag doeswhatitsaysonthebox hastag pharmacylife username
username yes. you poop more and feel much better. i had a colonoscapy and then my doc told me to do the miralax daily
username username the market did hold them accountable - faster and more effectively than today. look at the deaths from vioxx or somethin
username is there a form of birth control other than the patch or nuvaring that i don't have to take every day that also helps with acne?
username i get mine in the czech rep. less than 5 yoyo for symbicort and ventolin. the way it should be. 85 at home for symbicort. hastag pricey
username username she uses ventolin inhaler yea and either qvar or dulera? either way, she betta be taking them!
nippo report selfish jager bomb quick/easy/cheap way to social status: symbicort threw options in fungus pee dipstick cheddar beans
rt username results of amplify trial showing benefits of hastag apixaban presented today at hastag isth2013 meeting in amsterdam where i have b…
username username it's not finals if you're not counting your hours of sleep and how many mg of adderall you can take face with tears of joy tired face
la palme turns testimony to kevin horn, program manager at isaiah house to speak on suboxone treatment. hastag kyga14
so 25mg a day of quetiapine... anyone know if i'll notice anything in the first few days? i'm a bit scared that's all
how many tv's does dudley moore have? is kirstie alley smashing imodium ad in four queens? why is my diaper filled with brainy ramen?
username oh i have, i have some. i've just taken some baclofen, it should stop the muscles spasming and ponstan should help swelling
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
fda will be analysing trial data to assess risks of saxagliptin on heart failure. more reason to support open data hastag alltrials username
username nexium will cure that in minutes
$gild announces tadalafil meets primary endpoint in study...
the repositioning layout is crazy mediating up defending facts lozenge chattels only denouncement unorganized d...
stop taking victoza and byetta because they cause cancers. doctors don't want you to know about the side effects cause by medicines
sip codeine till i fall out smoke og fuel pump to the face when i wake tell em ball out yo bitch like herbo
hastag ash14 plenary 6: here we go - grand finale: 7+3 +/- sorafenib in aml -- glimmers of hope?
username out of anything princess tiana really fast because they dont have much selection of her. same with meridia
used to have gd days'not now tho sadly. just had my cocktail of drugs. 10 mls morphene, 10mgs tamazepam sleeper. hope they work x
username username username in case of darvocet it was not a known side-effect until it had been in wide-spread use 4 many years. hard 2 document
does januvia bring diabetics someone else to ride the see-saw with?
liraglutide pen(rdna) a glp 1 analogue non insulin injection stimulates insulin when glucose up arrow up arrow up arrow used 1x per day sustains action&gt;24 hours.
so if they say elimination is by shitting it out, there is no more life in the lyrica by now?
username {runs up to nazir with a newsman fedora while tommy ten-tons holds a boom mic} hi! is it true meridia and sanguine broke up?
21 10mg zolpidem,⁰8 30mg adderall xr,⁰4 2mg xanax, two 8mg/2mg suboxone sublingual film,⁰and 80 1mg clonazepam hyperlink
username twins! i'm laying in a dark room waiting for the diclofenac to kick in
mmm a checmical tickeling my gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor causing a anxiolytic effect followed by a breakdown into alpha-hydroxyetizolam
the agility deposit margin lozenge go get a get together in connection with puppet government gloves
username im taking levofloxacin for sinusitis
username username // gee, you're one picky person, ya know that? :d” // cymbalta can help.
username username its not the states job to evict those at the bottom of the ladder. again advise loperamide
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
thanks 4rt username possible lawsuit: saxagliptin marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr side effects: saxagliptin marketed as...
username oh i don't know that one. i'm meant to be on fluoxetine
username hang in there. remicade worked for me where imuran and humira didn't.
but wait username now protocall for cbc but not b/p username its arenesp
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
sucking on a minty nic cq lozenge with my pinot grigio at the username hastag fml
researchers, regulators and roche row over stockpiled drug tamiflu
hastag democratracehorses boniva butthurtz
username takes years to recognise signs, and double dose of quetiapine, im allowed to up and down meds as an when :)
dat maridia music...
hastag pitchslam hastag coolparts i can’t remember if i took the temazepam or not and i reach into my pocket. the pills are still there.
username username i’m only t-rex when i’m mad. the rest of the time i get called kangaroo or thalidamide baby.
bout to get rich off of oxycodone
so the doc said that celecoxib suppose to stop the pain but too bad it was not.
i've went from symbicort to forstair now. what is it with inhalers fancy names? i want 1 called the oral lung sucker smiling face with horns face with tears of joy
username hahahaha don’t suppose effexor works in the same way
i really really really really hate the crestor commercial.
username transfer in..synthroid 125. (generic for crestor) quantity remaining 0.  really? oh, and they were synthroid capsules
well, i got a taxslayer ticket reserved and selected. lol jacksonville on oxycodone a week and a half after surgery no thank you
the low rider song is in a crestor ad. i give up, i just...seriously, do these record companies have any standards any longer?!
this imodium commercial is far too sexy for a product for diarrhea hastag illtakesix
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
drew barrymore always talks like she is struggling with a rogue lozenge.
username username username username username after we make viox cry
username my brand-name crestor went up $23 this month. why?
rt username chmp recommends hastag lemtrada for ms. high potency but risk of autoimmune reaction, so will be used after tysabri. forecast …
sildenafil (viagra) has cardioprotective effects, showing an improvement in heart function without any adverse effect on blood pressure,
rt username it's times like sunday nights when i hate vyvanse a lot
beauty &gt;&gt; kirkland laxaclear 3 bottles 90 doses total - compare to miralax kirkland laxaclear 3 bottles 90 doses ... hyperlink
ironic that pml can cause ms-like demyelination and the treatment of ms with tysabri can cause pml
username maridia's probably the game's big weak point. open-ended navigation is sm's biggest strength and maridia fucks it up badly.
i'm so fancy, you already know, i buy branded packs. from nexium to lipitor hastag whoodahh hastag whoodahh pharm-a-c-y
cnn: dropping your cymbal is no reason to turn to cymbalta. lame-vomits.
lmao you're on cymbalta. mania away.
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
username username username username sg forgot to take doses of nexium and burnol before the un speech
// anybody here take paxil? i have a few questions about side effects.
talk to your dr. about januvia today. is that a drug or a black girl from brooklyn? ?
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hastag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
username it's a good thing you had your box of miralax handy to take a pic for me right?
username spamming justin and not being noticed hurts cymbalta can help omfg
one prozac a day
username thanks for showing us around today - we were all very impressed with the kids and your staff. oh, and hastag dhfcolor go exelon blue!
neurotic i was just before hastag humira injection (the size of a tagger's felt tip). 1,2,3.. whack! but nice surprise .. painless! all in me 'ed!
username removes best in class victoza for less expensive efficacious byetta to save $. will worse outcomes cost more then savings?
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
rt username vyvanse in the house
username i have tried to stress this to him. he’s taking aggrenox agreed not to stop until finds cause or physician tells him to
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
username which is more effective...fluoxetine, cbt or both combined?
$scmp expands amitiza armnt w takeda, 14m upfront but 6/14m foes toward costs, no royalty but supplies drug at cost + unknown
antara quote best yang ada kat dinding ni  if u don't build ur own dream, someone else will hire u to help build theirs
username username good to meet you username  for discussions on thalidomide art and justice from grunenthal / german govt
yo gaba gaba.....when the gabapentin kicks in......this is the face that says no more pain. hastag mswarrior hastag fums hyperlink
gotta love big pharma... why does the name latuda sound like the name of a frontal lobotomy procedure? hastag programmingwiththetvon
username username username username username username username ok~will try. they upped my gabapentin for feet so..
injured direction sprints my friend greg. he is symbicort lifeless stiffen starbucks seo friend mippy chutney christianity
hastag fda rejects hastag bayer’s hastag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hastag pharma hastag biotech hastag heart
ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
username sildenafil used for impotency u forgot to tell
username will be at least another month and the pregabalin and codeine are doing nothing x
username by now? probably needs crestor for cholesterol, daily aspirin, plavix, hbp meds.! purple pill for gerd, prostate weeds viagra!
tamiflu is my newest best friend! face with medical mask sleeping face
username username it never had an affect on my ridiculously high anxiety. pregabalin was a godsend for that but going to be
that was a good one meridia clapping hands clapping hands face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username so true. yeah, been back at it full time since may / early june time. again, it's fine. just necking loperamide like sweets.
username yeah i am no one wants to hang out with me i'm home alone :( i ain't got no life i ain't got no job, just cymbalta
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
username if anyone tries to give me 80mg of atorvastatin at age 92, i want you and your crossing off pen to come and save me xx
but then you miss out on the nicotine
is anyone else really bummed that you can’t buy the crestor bowling ball? hastag drugcommercials
oxycodone oxycontin oxykitten..meow seems logical winking face with tongue
pristiq isn't helping. i'm in a great mood. want to live forever. love life. it was easy when i had no mental health care. wanted to diethen
rt username username 'i won't be around...when you really need me.' lozenge of love - one of my favorite hastag radiohead songs.
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
to pop another lunesta or add seroquel? that is the question. any opinions?
dominique wilkins should not be shooting j's for victoza commercials, he should be snapping backboards clean off off houses. c'mon man.
username oh wow, yeah i bruise easily too. those practice pens (i was on humira for a while.)
username i'm still taking the effexor, but i take that usually around 7 p.m. and it's still 1 to 2 a.m. sometimes before i cool off enuf.
username username i take 20mg of fluoxetine daily (apriciate its a low dose) i call them my nutty pills im not offended either dr c
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
on the humira comercial it says it can help relieve pain, so i said this dick can help you relieve pain thought i'd share with the world.
username my house has been getting adderall deep cleaned for two days now. i'm scared.
my mom: lyrica i love that pic u posted on ig , take another one too a prettier one... me : ummm mom thanks tired face face with tears of joy smirking face lol
tomorrow instagram is basically gonna be a lunesta commercial.
antara hastag beyoncé atau hastag xmultiply for album of the year.
$myl mylan reports commencement of phase iii trials for generic version of advair diskus, insulin analog to lantus
eliquis 16-to-1 bleeding risk
ch: if us was all on ehr when vioxx launched, time to identify adverse events would have been 6 wks, not 60 mos. data sharing! hastag cimcon14
lunesta kicking in, gnitee victory hand
