friday night in dosed up on codeine, paracetamol, ibuprofen, pregabalin, temazepam and zimovane. i sound like a prescribed drug addict face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
gotta love that lamotrigine.
d'onofrio et al: initiating buprenorphine tx in emergency dept better than referral to tx. reduced opioid use, improved follow-up hashtag amersa
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
is it just me, or are eliquis commercials stilted, pedantic, and unnatural?  hashtag eliquiscommercialsbad
username trazodone was good for keeping me asleep but as an anti-depressant it's practically useless-
you liquid darvocet
i need cymbalta. depression hurts
username just saw a commercial for the drug victoza literally the whole commercial was about side effects smh”lol hell yea
username username username username i take dutasteride and use rogaine. has definitely helped stabilize the situation
bedtime or daytime ??? why?? atorvastatin, rosuvastatin, pitavastatin may be given any time of the day because of their longer half-life.
hashtag ritcf update: exelon also looking for me, ee majors (nuclear industry)
varenicline effective for smoking cessation during acute respiratory admissions username hashtag btswinter hyperlink
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
biogesic is paracetamol diatabs is loperamide alaxan is ibuprofen what is the generic name of condom? - paradibunticine :dd
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
17 hour work day tomorrow, ill be the girl popping my vyvanse like candy and drinking red bull like water
i'm just gonna take this seroquel n sleep for the rest of the day.
someone from collin county come talk to me i took adderall this morning and need a companion loll
username geodon is an excellent mood stabilizer.
nuclear power producer exelon to buy pepco for $6.83 bln
this vyvanse straight fucked me up today
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
username but without the advair i can use a full 200 shot rescue inhaler in a week's time. tried to explain that to no avail.
hashtag caep13 q: role for tranexamic acid in massive gi bleed on dabigatran. room divided but panel supports. last ditch effort; weak evidence.
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
sildenafil solubility order viagra us viagra premature ejactulation
username i prefer to hook up with horny grandmas on my own without the boniva ads; all i'm sayin.
today is adjust the apixaban dose day...welcome to being 80 lmao that was good
apixaban was less in major bleeding . hyperlink
temazepam is my life saver
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
most of prescription drugs are suppressants, like phentermine, meridia (sibutramine), acomplia and several other brands
rt username in china, an etanercept hashtag biosimilar was approved 5 yrs before enbrel holds 75% of ra biologics mkt ... hyperlink
reduced bone resorption with less effect on bone formation with mk0674 versus to alendronate and denosumab. preclinical research at hashtag asbmr14
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
i love the humira commercials because i love to say adalimumab yeah.
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
username i dont get that! here's some suboxone to get off of heroin but you're going to take it for the rest of your life and if not
see $eln bidding on cash update and tysabri valuation reuters1714
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
username username i'm on carb, tegretol, topiramate, duloxetine, but its the lacosamide that seems to have quietened the devil down.
does anyone have a harness for a 10hh and liverpool lozenge bit for a 10hh shetland?
thalidomide: hashtag grunethal hashtag distillers-well at least diageo is doing the right thing now paying into the thalidomide trust! hashtag david mason-hero!!
up all night in complete agony with hashtag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hashtag zombie
username username username username they could do with some lunesta
rt username elliot fund j rexer: bt patients on memantine show inc'd cognitive ability hashtag braintumorthursday hashtag sno2012 hashtag braincanceractionweek
check your ventolin for foreign objects before dispensing into your gob.
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
username twins! i'm laying in a dark room waiting for the diclofenac to kick in
13- dad why do you take cymbalta? me- helps my mood 13- can you get high off it? that's my boy
username sorry to hear thatiinfliximab is not for you. fingers crossed humira is the answer to your prayers xx
username they even make money from tramadol prescribed to the people they disabled with thalidomide and gave the original pain to!
some guys slip roofies i slip miralax
username kkkkk vish o interesse ta grande aq sqn,anwwwt mds mds &lt;333 q bom saber my maridia &lt;3
username thank you, but i'm angry not depressed. hell at least those people got prozac.
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
i hate that my shrinks office is also a suboxone clinic bc i feel as though i am just automatically assumed i'm there for that or something
why are people so obsessed with adderall vyvance lately?? i fucking hate them. the only good thing is they help me get through school
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
i need to take my night meds im way too hyper right now i need to chill the fuck out aka take seroquel and klonopin lol brb
username vom! maybe i need a job or just a master class in how to clean up diarrhoea! either that or find imodium suitable for kids&amp;dogs xx
username flovent is that stress nigga i use it
username username username a coworker keeps a 20g vial of pure sildenafil citrate api from an old project in her bench cabinet.......
i saw teddy roosevelt trending and figured the zombie apocalypse has started. alas, its just the oxycontin and neurontin jackin' with me.
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hashtag diabetes
username that was why i was curious what the drug was - to see if it was digoxin, metoprolol or one that might fall in those cracks.
username lovan? you mean fluoxetine/prozac?
ema just said there are no new worries about januvia and pancreas side effects. $mrk
username see, what i mean....she's not ready, but suboxone might help her!! that's a great treatment option.....see! !
also, tamiflu costs over $200 per prescription(!!!) how do people afford it?!?!
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
this advair drawing cracks me up . it's awesome. hyperlink
nothing like not being able to breathe and finding out your albuterol is gone!! grinning face with sweat
in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (pah) vs pooled ambrisentan and tadalafil monotherapy arm.results are statistically signif+
i can't sleep again. someone get me lunesta
can thoroughly recommend the bbc2 program thalidomide the fifty year fight! excellent for scly4 crime and deviance/corporate crime
bortezomib approved for previously untreated mcl
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
there is 255 mg of nicotine per can of chewing tobacco. enough to kill you two times over.
username antara bestnya mrsm nii, you'll get a lot of tshirts beaming face with smiling eyes there's one for homeroom, class, rumah sukan, baju maktab and else.
username ohh aah mix and match. aku confuse antara mix and match dgn show me the money.
vyvanse makes all the difference in the world
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
food may reduce the biovailability of esomeprazole lansoprazole by 50%; it does'nt reduce the bioavailability of omeprazole or rabeprazole
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
comparison of effectiveness of methadone and two sublingual formulations of buprenorphine on maintenance treatment outcomes experimental an…
username i've bipolar ii, currently on lamictal, seroquel, cipralex and diazepam. should i fast or not, my doctor isn't a moslem. thanks
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
chateau smith mixes smoky albuterol elements and a well-hidden sage bouquet in their 2012 chenin blanc. hashtag porn
not gonna find a pygmy on paxil. i'll tell ya that.
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
username your doctor sucks. ask for gabapentin or pregabalin if it's really bad, but never do shit without a benzo in the mix
acomplia rimonabant - slimming tablet just before shrink weigh: .hpl
before giving bortezomib for multiple myeloma, give prophylactic acyclovir to prevent shingles!
prasugrel - wait minimum 7 days, possible 10 day delay before neuraxial block. restart &gt;6 h after. hashtag asra14
username i fucking love jews. like, who wouldn't? i've got imodium and tylenol pm, if that helps.
username you have diarrhea of the mouth take a lot of imodium
i feel the benefits of metoprolol outweigh the risks when treating angina. let the debate begin. next week does simethicone reduce farting.
stressssss antara net think atau pos think...
username lol i swear all the teachers use to be like one person you don't mess with in this school is lyrica lmao miss you boo !
pulling all nighters is fun when you got a big ol bottle of adderall w/ your name on it
username keep the imodium handy!!! xx
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
hopefully all that imodium i took will get me through the game. hashtag unitedinblue hyperlink
username username i understand discontinuation syndrome is a bitch when coming off cymbalta. then again it sucks for all ssris snris
username username username imodium doesn't need a prescription you damn knucklehead
well physio tomorrow, just been thinking, since i started tysabri two years ago, i haven't relapsed or progressed ! from aggressive to stop!
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
i said i was into you? you said you were into me, you never answer on the phone, with your nicotine lips and your heart of stone (8)
latuda cures bipolar depression...side effects: could lead to comma or death. 'oh well at least you won't be depressed anymore wtf. unamused face
username i don't think imodium works . full stop. hashtag allegedly
username is huffing on some advair before she sings.  hashtag stanleycupfinal hashtag kings hashtag rangers
username nexium is a miracle cure!
girl, 22 mos., sickened by pill from mom's purse. heather rader charged with endangering and having suboxone w/out 'scrip. username
retweet if imodium has ever saved your life.
username with sav n meridia for like 20 more minutes.
forbes article regarding gsk stock plummeting gives cause for concern. advair being off largest pbm,express scripts formulary hurt.
username username no trials of pregabalin against cfs indexed in medline, so can't say. moderately effective against fibromyalgia, so maybe.
frenching my ventolin right about now!
this adderall / oxycontin commercial just annoyed me
sporadically chugging on my blue ventolin inhaler during footy isn't the best look, so instead i've been given this. hyperlink
la palme turns testimony to kevin horn, program manager at isaiah house to speak on suboxone treatment. hashtag kyga14
would i be your littmus lozenge?
username username username a felon, escalade, oxycodone pills and a gun, you figure it out
i'm dying. the symbicort commercial where the grandfather mentions the wolf huffing and puffing and the grandkid is like: it's you, grandpa!
username antara postman pat/thomas and friends flushed face police officer
username username the 9am gym boys old man chatting up that one skinny lady girl about imodium hashtag bodytone hashtag stopmonopolizingthejacobsladder
username do you like humira otherwise? good to have your dad as a remicade reference.
due to megan fox und panzer with in krull, crestor cello darkcoin root beer. moo fart mark wahlberg various diseases diarrhea
username i take it for my borderline. that and neurontin has turned me into a new person. and it usually keeps the pain at bay.
celebrating 1th brilinta in ina + sharing experience right patient for the right oap» dr. benny sp.jp (fiha) in binawaluya cardiac center..
username i know where people are allergic to warfarin, drugs like rivaroxiban and apixiban are becoming more common better than a needle
starofday: bdsi (14%) p3 efficacy study of bema buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients meets endpoints.
username username exactly. you can't see asthma on an x-ray and anyone actually with asthma knows this. advair is a steroid inhaler
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
my trazodone be havin me gonee
ah the lovely lyrica (aka pregabalin), it's great stuff. get well soon username
i used to take adderall back in high school lol it had me doing all type of stuff face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username username hey man, that's not good, ye sure ye can make camping? i've just been put on venlafaxin, never heard of it!
username …cont) '08. cymbalta keeps that headache at a very mild level!
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
the pills can make you smarter and smarter. geodon, welbutrin, adderall they change the brain structure and you get more abilities.
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
merck isn't selling more januvia in the u.s., it's selling less--but raising price to make up. god pharma has weird supply/demand dynamics.
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
one of my best hashtag pharmapuns yet: i've got high blood pressure. telmisartan i don't know. hashtag sad
username want to join viox
i really think we should for a darvocet loss grief support group. hashtag bringbackthegoodstuff
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
username taking that much imodium is gonna give you worse problems than that!
great news! hashtag cmscop11 adopts the guidelines to prevent poisoning of migratory birds. time for action on lead, diclofenac + other poisons
i really like the album version of ventolin but i have this horrible fear i'll murder my ears if i even try listening to it at a good volume
repercutindo rt username very good background control may have influenced nonsuperiority of saxagliptin in savor -d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
username i am currently carless was sharing with parents but gabapentin led to a ding. sains too, as can nevr get a full shop username
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
zoloft&amp;paxil&amp;buspar&amp;xanex, depacon,chronaphin,ambian,prozac, ativan calms me when i see the bills, these are a few or my favorite pills.....
username she said that! that some girl gave her miralax that she didn't want
username now on neurontin htn meds and nabembutone the scleroderma is in my esophagus and lungs bowel started methotrexate to slow
they also prescribe advair to aas knowing it's a steroid in it that kills off black men specifically. don't trust none of that shit.
i hope everyone has some imodium a-d this hashtag skycrapper just might make me crap my shorts if he falls
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
rt username mt username username study deems hashtag liraglutide insulin degludec combo safe effective for hashtag diabetes hyperlink
since you started tysabri are you more aware of infections and avoid at all possible areas or people with colds or infections ?
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
username found this 'you can also buy a short course of diclofenac potassium at pharmacies, without a prescription, for pain such as
username yes. he needs lithium. prozac. and a dick to think about other than mine. he literally is dying for my cock. 150 plus times he
username it was scary to go on tysabri because of the risks.. and now it's frustrating because it's not working. not sure what to do
saxagliptin and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. september 2, 2013doi: 10.1056/nejm
but why is her niece brushing her hair at a party? hashtag humira
username diabetic testing brought issues with panaceas problem victoza is the only vaccine used with less of an impact
doc says will try to avoid surgery all we can.. but my options are running out my bowel needs chance to heal. humira/thioguanine work plz!
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial. hashtag lucillebluth
if you can't sleep in a high stress job, the latest best thing, under the care of a qualified physician, is low dose quetiapine (seroquel).
username i'm i major pain. it's pushing on my bladder...ugh...my intestines don't have enough room. i'm looking up norethindrone now!
2) denosumab vs zoledronic acid q 4 weeks similar effect in patients with metastatic disease. higher urinary baseline telopeptides=worse px
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
username can u manage viox i will pay
alstom to build $112m generators for exelon gas plants - law360 (subscription)
every monday i have to give my self enbrel and i tell my self i'm strong ...helps me every time.
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
touting science's ability to self-correct probably isn't very comforting or confidence inspiring to a generation of thalidomide babies.
claims that wushu exponent tai cheau xuen who failed a dope test in the asian games had used sibutramine does not make sense - khairy
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
i would marry lunesta if i could, then i could sleep with it every night, without a prescription
username no, you're not. you have an obsession. cymbalta can help.
time to eat a pack!!!  username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
speaking of fluoride, i think we should just start putting small amounts of lisinopril, atorvastatin, and metformin into the water supply.
i really hope someone puts 15 scoops of miralax in username coffee tomorrow morning. what an unbelievable shithead.
kicked g sizemore's ass out 4 attempting to steal $1°°.°° and a sealed bottle of buprenorphine from me!! she got away with around $5°.°°!
i cant believe i juked mr.zometa in soccer ;o lol
i need a prescription for oxybutynin so i can drink coffee on longer car rides hashtag tinytank
lunesta in hand: my heart memory banks are full. seeing all 4 martin kids together. hashtag daymade hyperlink
hashtag fda's bright: $pfe's summary of fuse exubera study: data indicative of potential increased lung cancer risk but inconclusive $mnkd
stat doctors is recommending i go to the er, even after i explained i can't afford it and would like an albuterol prescription. fantastic.
i'd take a handful of lunesta rn
now they will need imodium or senacot. depends how the food is processed or not hashtag imaceleb
no actualy im on suboxone that ive sold your snap girl username username i aint on metb bro ur bro and dad are on meth stfu
username what age did you have surgery? and yeah, i've done humira and remicade. right now just on methortrexate shots.
username get your hands on that tamiflu stat. the sooner you start the better!
q10 hashtag pillchat: meaningful public $$ for naloxone, much bigger push for buprenorphine access, and authentic reorientation of law enforcement
cipro and levaquin have destroyed my life and health... when will the fda care about americas?? seems like never !!!
username roberto schunemann eri vision research fellow presents aflibercept poster username this afternoon username
there's a drug called januvia that has something to do with fat people seesaws but isn't that the country anne hathaway runs? hashtag confused
username username username bupropian sounds less scary lol. but varenicline sounds less scary than champix too.
whether you're taking the prozac, the xanax, or the paxil, whatever the hell they put in that capsule.
username potential diff. is contrave not yet rejected in eu. 70% of meridia xenical sales were ex-us, no generic phentermine compet.
bruuuhhh. i can feel my throat hurting in my dreams. i'm legit about to smash out to cvs to suck every lozenge in the world.
username username my pleasure. remember-even if a loved one was rx'd trazodone for sleep, it's an ssri. that means no guns...
username username had a nurse the other day tell me about a care home crushing olanzapine to put in food of dementia patients...
hashtag caag username secures $105 million multistate settlement w/ glaxosmithkline company for unlawfully promoted advair, paxil wellbutrin
username username this is why i'm glad i got switched to vyvanse. they hardly ever run out of it.
its so hard to believe i've been on hashtag paroxetine for a year already. it has helped a lot with the panic attacks. not so much with depression.
username you got diarrhea? told some imodium
username d: do you need a lozenge? or maybe drink lukewarm water?
username yep, and a beta blocker. i promise if metformin makes no difference in two months i’ll go back and review sertraline. :)
enjoyed a great lunch at hashtag economicclubofwash featuring hashtag christophercrane hashtag ceoexelon exelon just bought pepco
username username have happened before (things like thalidomide maybe) but it's the first instance of blinkers coming off i can recall.
rt username $frx finally launches namenda xr in us, 3 years after approval. twice daily to once daily, but more importantly extends …
really glad that blythe danner is doing more prolia commercials, but i wish that she could have a hashtag consciousuncoupling with osteoporosis.
think i might try driving again in a couple of weeks now i am off o and the lamotrigine dose is going down-feel a lot more alert :)
god gave us adderall for mornings when you're still drunk and the hangover hasn't even started
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
username username it's not even medication. there is no way a dr would prescribe that with suboxone or that combo of pills
username username i take 20mg of fluoxetine daily (apriciate its a low dose) i call them my nutty pills im not offended either dr c
username i just started taking lunesta after years of sleep struggles. it's a game changer.
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
heroib addicts (jk). dicover ur loperamide addiction. a bottle hyperlink
username as long as i have nexium i'm good, if i run out tho, uh oh... lol
username know anything about loperamide supply problem? hard on vegetarians who need tablets not caps!
username lol yeah they said the swine flu and they prescribed me tamiflu and some other pills for my cough pensive face face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
carbamazepine ; phenytoin ; lamotrigine ; valporic acid
username username type 1 or type 2? if type 2, dont eat anything one can use to make alcohol from. seroquel can cause high...
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
am i the only person in america that hates the crestor ad? if i were married that that idiot, i would kill myself.
username $mnkd so the question is that easy-to-use will make afrezza a success while exubera failed miserably? let's see.
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hashtag sick&amp;tired
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
looking forward to the taco bell app update that will also pre-order you imodium and toilet paper to pick up from walgreens on the way home
good news for myeloma patients in uk as nice approves velcade from username as first treatment in myeloma before bone marrow transplant
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
username instead of studying when i took adderall i played 9 straight hours of league and won every game
woman brings in box full of morphine, oxycodone and other drugs to username after delivered to her house by accident
miralax doesn't fool around
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hashtag shitgetsweird
lemme been your fein and you'll be my nicotine.
didn't have any adderall to take this morning.. whoops! oh well. apologizing to people now
lunesta sounds like a nap for crazy people
looooooooooool username animals are committing suicide. depression hurts. cymbalta can help. hashtag teenwolf
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
username yes. meridia is good
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
sandro vento ub presents results encore1 study: 400mg efavirenz non-inferior to 600mg over 48wk study&amp;fewer side-effects hashtag botshiv2014
username don't forget to ask grunenthal why for 50 years they refuse to compensate all those they disabled with thalidomide
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
guess i don't have a seroquel for tonight. that's cool.
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
username thankyou. have great med friends.  going to try gabapentin x
esomeprazole provides better intra gastric acid control&amp;protects stomach from gerd.thanks ok
username i chose pradaxa too. now how i'm gonna get this into 3 pages
username get me two enbrel and a mich ultra. now damnit!!!!
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
most of these pharmacies i'm calling aren't going to be able to get viibryd until monday
username username username yep; and taking that logic one step further, ken frazier should be held responsible 4 all the vioxx deaths
me and vioxx are having a sleepover tonight
username well i could be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman, give me my ventolin inhaler 2 xendadrine
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
rt username vyvanse makes me think too much persevering face
rt username the early bird got the worm because he took vyvanse.
username very true. maybe you might need a higher dose of the hashtag humira like 2 shots or even a different hashtag biological drug?!
username  hashtag rxchatng metformin
latuda latuda ii loves to take long walks and maul faces, if pressed. hyperlink
username i have 30 of the trazodone and rozerem and 10 norcos?
patient askin for his slide n fill flushed face he meant sildenafil face with tears of joy  loudly crying face pill  hashtag ronsealviagra hashtag doeswhatitsaysonthebox hashtag pharmacylife username
username good luck. i've been there before. don't let them give you lamictal.
username so i was told hookah sticks are bad for you flushed face as i have like 4...”i just found out today they have nicotine in them
username username i had vimpat , it whas not the right med. for me , i am never agressive but when i had it, i whas ,so now other meds
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
username yea same, type 2.. was told i'd get this years ago.. cant stomach metformin tho, but that be good for my pcos.. on januvia
username username i like loperamide because they're just 2 tiny little pills and you can get like a million of them for $1.
username do you take cocodamol and tramadol too? i'm on 16 pills with ibs things too plus pregabalin etc. i rattle.
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
i wonder if my pediatrician can prescribe me some lunesta , ambien or xanax because my insomnia is getting out of hand.
niche question: anyone ever taken gabapentin or pregabalin for pain? did they work, and are the side effects as awful as they look?
2 oxycontin + 4 temazepam + 15 endone + 5 cones = trip to emergency. oh and don't complain your canula hurts hashtag fuckwit hashtag charge$forpublichelth
rt username news: takeda type 2 diabetes therapies nesina alogliptin and fixeddose combinations kazano alogliptin and metformi... htt…
username my husband has the law office of reilly posner located in denver colorado as his attorney in his avandia case. this law office
if using blood thinner pradaxa see username april 21, 2014 episode with lisa. laflamme and get informed
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
antara roftoop prince dan to fated love you.. hahahaha.. critanya drakor bareng
we still don't know if the pill bottle w/ oxycodone was rumain brisbon's legal prescription. probably not, but username hasn't said.
jamaican qualifiers should be used as a cymbalta advertisement; so depressing !
i need lots and lots of levofloxacin! i'll overdose myself today just to feel better.
aranesp is one of the scariest things i've ever encounter for so many reasons...
depression hurts and cymbalta can't help a real nigga
username i did that last night too! can you seriously not get ambien/lunesta? i like lunesta the best.
anyone on keppra and vimpat together!?
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
and by molly i mean vyvanse lol fuck sleep
european approval interesting for $orex as roughly 70-75% of meridia and xenical sales were ex-us. no generic phentermine in eu.
username his poison needed to be imodium
username username fluoxetine..?! i just need one each day until monday. i hate asking. i'm worried .
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
impact wrestling that's nearly agnez mo bobo whales pox the things you borrow. belgium mushy champion frequent belching enbrel
username changed onto truvada, ritonavir and darunavir, see how these ones go!
username i play by a different set of rules now, sookie. -bill hashtag trueblood billith needs to take a paxil have a seat.
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
combination of telmisartan with aspirin and rosuvastain will be help ful in diabetic and ht patients
miralax is so powerful, just having it in your house will make you shit out your entire cholo
.@medicaldoctor99 - oral hashtag belviq improves blood glucose independent of weightloss. arguably on par with januvia hyperlink
your onel fda report: the study also found an increased risk of major gastrointestinal bleeding with use of pradaxa as compared to warfarin.
the tech at pp told me she was afraid her boyfriend was gonna accidentally rip out her nuvaring because his dick's so big. he hasn't.
one more lozenge to go.
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
it's username day! rt@uberfacts: bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy the same chemical found in prozac.
thank you science for fluticasone
username username advair
username i don't know if i should say that here, but i already feel like this, and had to take some syrup (fluoxetine) for few weeks! (+)
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
hashtag maaua14 username username age nerve sparing (score) predict return 2 baseline erections ! longterm results of random sildenafil trial
username ahaha, try diclofenac sodium - - any brad. for pain and inflammation.. muscular and joint pain.. no prescription needed
udh pintu koboy (ngoblak) username i've been in hashtag porn for 10 years and am not on hashtag prozac or hashtag zoloft..... yet
i can never breath on my own without my inhaler advair weary face
watching an ad for xarelto on tv....all side effects involve intense bleeding hashtag soundssafe
hashtag ms hashtag tysabri hashtag fight hashtag bestrong
i'm not sure how meridia manages dealing with that kind of attitude... *massive sigh*
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
ah yes communion wafers (mea culpa etc) rt username q2 big arse metformin tablets. i hate taking a lot of them at once!!! hashtag ozdoc
username 6 pilihan warnanya antara lain 1.natural beige 2.brown shade 3.mellow peach 4.clove 5.dark brown 6.honey bee hashtag quizfanbo
username women take boniva when they start getting hashtag kexy, but milk doesn't hurt either. hashtag osteoporosis hashtag savethewords
why would they want a repeat of what happened with azt with aids or thalidomide with morning sickness relief
username i was thinking lunesta...lots of lunesta
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
spamming justin and not being noticed hurts cymbalta can help
1 adderall does nothing for me.
username i usually just take about 100mg of vyvanse and see where the winds of hashtag comedy take me. but thx man i hope all of your dreams c
wanna stay up to watch girl code and ke$ha, but wanna take trazodone and cry myself to sleep hashtag thestruggle
rt username i wonder what coming off valium and quetiapine at the same time will be like. horrible, i'm guessing.
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hashtag paxil
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
update 2-nuclear power producer exelon to buy pepco for $6.83 bln
username harsh. i see you're on duloxetine. i was on that for abit but had to stop it. do feel for you having to deal with pain as well...
username zyprexa im is a blessing in disguise!
did this dismissal of dj action by sandoz over etanercept just delay further trials or is the us market void of enbrel hashtag biosimilars for ages
username username username treasure it! there,'s no more sildenafil on private scripts since sls change...
rt username head zaps the feeling that electric jolts are coursing through your brain, is one of the first symptoms patients fee…
i saw the words entire and concept in a sentence and i thought i read etanercept
obama farts tangerines in define stays spring dabba dabba advair diskus huntington's chorea enchanting drag cook indigestion mooncoin
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
username username username humira or remicade? pen or syringe?! advice needed please!
there are durable and deep responses with panobinostat bortezomib dex. clinically meaningful hashtag myeloma
my mom thinks i need latuda for my bipolar depression... oh
give us today our daily bread: lamotrigin duloxetin methylphenidat diclofenac methaminsulfon omeprazol :-( hyperlink
addictionuk username   :the impact of recent cocaine use on plasma levels of methadone and buprenorphine in patients wi...
just saw the crestor ad on tv, where an obese middle aged dude is cheering for it vs lipitor, just like he would his home team.really? wtf?
exelon gets pepco in $6.8b power deal - usa today
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
in the doctor's scene in elf where buddy gets a dna test, there's an advert for tamiflu on the wall behind him.
how effective is gabapentin for treating neuropathic pain? hashtag clinicalquery hashtag meded
username take some nexium and watch what u eat.
oh lunesta how disappointing you were last night!
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
its adderall face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
crestor sounds like some kind of giant b-movie raptor.
rt username in clinical trials zyprexa, two-thirds of the 2500 patients dropped out - watch chapter 5 marketing of madness hyperlink
hashtag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
this episode brought to you be nexium and ascension.
yung developing physical addiction to loperamide
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
$arna belviq was designed to avoid the heart-safety problems of fenfluramine, although not everyone is convinced
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
username fuuuuu. been there. if it were albuterol i might have been able to get one to you, but i do flovent so i can't get advair.
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
ew i used to love adderall so much..that shit is all over my room in random places lol
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
ms drug, called tecfidera a form of dmf is also used as a fungicide, applied to upholstered furniture. ( furniture polish )
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
cymbalta commercials make me want to kill myself.
well, mom just went on the exelon patch. i'm glad my siblings took the initiative actually spoke to her physician.
username not even boniva is taking her calls :-(
i think i would like to make a hi stranger campaign to mengeratkan silatutrahim antara manusia hahaha..
i can't stop yawning hashtag trazodone
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
new item for sale: ventolin syrup side effects chronic obstructive pulmonary disease copd hyperlink
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
username i always try. but i do have to get some revenge on meridia now.
calpol my childhood best rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o
mia seems to be having 3 hourly asthma attacks on the third lot. responding to ventolin so that's something
oy rapper to flex suboxone username sign me
rt username libolo? rt username sibumbu ? *shaya livalo, same time* username username username there's bo in the middle*hide…
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
hazards of sitagliptin in heart failure patients hyperlink
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
these buffalo shrimp gone have me crying for some nexium or prilosec! weary face
this the type of movie that makes me wanna pop a ton of adderall w/ my nose in the books and cocaine at the same time. hashtag thewolfofwallstreet
username hashtag adderallhadme having a perfect bracket” dude next march, i'm taking adderall so i can figure out the perfect bracket!!!!
username i think some people will try anything sometimes! i have with my severe psoriasis!finally awaiting humira injection anydayx
is it me or did a boniva just fall on the stage? hashtag sallyfield hashtag oscars
fuck you effexor.
rt username username hashtag confessionsofaratchet gave everyone at some out of town party seroquel and waited till they passed out the…
liquor liver suboxone under my tongue private numb, one more time for dying young.
rt username hashtag crohns hashtag patients relying on hashtag biologics like hashtag humira can b fine. just see me as the cautionary tale.  hashtag abbott must …
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
potential drug-drug interaction between systemic tacrolimus and febuxostat recommended for monitoring by username prac (psur) for both...
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
cynthia sitcov, ms patient + fda advisory panel member, patient testimony on tysabri benefits were key to remarket hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
etanercept is one of the lines of ttt for ra. it may cause reactivation of latent tuberculosis, so a ppd test would be essential.
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hashtag soreashell
metformin is contraindicated in patients going for mri  is it the mri itself ?!
username nope, was on hashtag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hashtag humira since dec 2012. hashtag rheum
unbelievable how research has discovered taking thalidomide affected the babies body during certain days of pregnancy hashtag thalidomide
getting ready to take a lunesta
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
username especially when it's that good shit like adderall or oxycontin
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
nda submission for bema buprenorphine $bdsi $10 million milestone payment from endo - ye or first week of jan
harley lozenge styles
username hi martina, i've had ra for 25 years and struggled with work/life. last 5 years i've taken etanercept (enbrel) - heard of it?
i'm not an alcoholic or weed head. if i have a problem there's a pill for that lol (xanax vicodin paxil) wish i could gt tranquilizers
stay far away from avelox and other fluoroquinolones (cipro, levo). they are poison that caused horrible side effects in my daughter.
username best. tried concerta, strattera, adderall, and finally, vyvanse
opened username saw this: ims is owned by a hedge fund and manipulates the #'s on belviq to make $arna look bad... closed it... lol
username lovely. docs are afraid to tinker much due to seizures now. as am i. today tysabri was ruled out for me. and surgery. no options.
soo somebody put miralax on some popcon and username ate it!! lmao somebody gonna be shitty tonight weary face raising hands clapping hands face with tears of joy  hashtag boredom hashtag collegelife
just mistook a cymbalta commercial for a preview for a new nicholas sparks movie. too bad. it looked like a good one.
it was hashtag humira round 2 yesterday and all went well!
we've decided we're going to name our children after prescription drugs, its original, and easy...cialis for a boy, and lunesta for a girl.
i'm going to try and quit my paxil cold turkey just like i always do with medicine that stops working. i started today.
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
rt username comparison of 4 hashtag antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. hashtag quetiapine least safe hyperlink
i used to be on lithium, seroquil, and abilify and she was on xanax and effexor and then klonopin sigh
spilled miralax all over, what a treat hashtag scrublife username
time to turn my attention to upcoming business: 1. my fantasy camp 2. victoza ambassadorship 3. cont sneaker education 4. fantasy camp!!
her surgery went well!! she even got the latest and newest baclofen pump with lower malfunction rates! username username
rt username rt username benefit of apixaban relative to warfarin in aristotle is similar across range of center and patient ttr. http:/…
hi username my insurance has said that your medication victoza is not part of their formulary. can you work with me to change this?
sally. looks like boneva is really working for her. the whiskey is working against her. hashtag dwhmn hashtag oscars
username i went off pristiq 2 years ago. i still get the noises when i'm tired. effector and pristiq are hardcore and awful
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
username they hate fluoxetine. well, mine do. it's like a ring of fire. i write with my head, the heart hurts too much to get involved
from prednisone to carbamazepine, pregabalin, gabapentin to methotrexate. the evolution of my drug intake continues.
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
c. bozic of username biogen decided to pull tysabri w/o knowing if could remarket. safety assessment priority. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username metformin see-no-evil monkey
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
username hi saw consultant yest back on steroids imodium they want to double my infliximab but have to have a trough test first x
username username i was gonna get that.. but im trying the nuvaring for a little bit
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
everything can be fixed, antara nak atau tak nak je. but always remember, they're humans too. they have the right to live or leave.
username username username there's always a solution, i'm living proof haven't had a seizure for 6 years now, on lamotrigine x
hashtag adderallhadme like........  the fuck with adderall i smoke marijuana
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
symed labs a trend setter in the manufacture and marketing of high profile active pharmaceutical ingredients like apixaban ihs,
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
username imodium or diatabs. if it persista, go see a doc so he/she can prescribe other meds.
this vyvanse is awwwwesomeeee!
my eating changes next week. i will literally be mental for the next few weeks doing that and weening off of seroquel.
imodium (loperamide hcl) hashtag blessed
username username pharmaceuticals: merck etal have ocd making medications like vioxx that killed my mother physicians ocd prescribing
some bitches need latuda
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username username username doesn't mean worldwide thalidomide was rejected in timely manner.
username conversion antara aman n pina. annoying gilesssssssssss
see our ad in golf magazine narrowly beats out less major bleeding for saddest line in this eliquis commercial.
username check out my coment on the august favorites video i'm mirella boneva and thanks to u your videos my life has changed!thank u!
so after 2 yrs on gabapentin thinking on it helped, changed to pregabalin and helps even more ! hashtag wasafraidofchange hyperlink
to jesus through miralax
i gave mom celecoxib and b complex by pharex to ease her pain on her hips. due to her arthro pain.
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
when oxycodone is needed tired face
dna methylation identified as potential biomarker of response to etanercept and adalimumab in patients with ra hashtag eular2014 abstract op0257
rt username username 'i won't be around...when you really need me.' lozenge of love - one of my favorite hashtag radiohead songs.
username isnt it on the basis of one olanzapine study?
latuda is a medicine for depression? it sounds like the spanish translation for thundercunt.
she announced she had type 2 diabetes on the day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza and a lucrative collaboration with the manufacturer
rt username wait” *pops vyvanse*  now beer me”
you actually don't even have to ingest latuda to feel better, you just have to say the name of the medicine.
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
forest to buy u.s. marketing rights to merck's saphris
|| and no, i don't do drugs. i had to take trazodone last night bc no clonodini for bp. i was not okay.
liraglutide - dr fulcher username updates re victoza hashtag adsadea2013 hashtag diabetes
im out of seroquel how will i sleep it's a mystery
thank fuckin jesus for prozac and temazepam
huge shout outs to my sanities .... username vodka  username adderall  username oxycontin username xanax
username it's all about the long view, right? humira has side effects for a few days, but totally worth it!
boniva forevs! mt username field looks fantastic.
username username vyvanse - gettin' shit done since 2000 bc hyperlink
murphy don't forget to pickup the nexium  hashtag znation
username username thalidomide firm grunenthal makes £millions with their products in uk. even treating those they disabled!
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
lamictal~ assisting me in not giving a care since 05/13 and doing a great job. best med i've ever taken. my life is so much lighter.
saxagliptin improves hashtag microalbuminuria - r chilton hashtag esccongress2013
now showing exubera and lung cancer $mnkd is not exubera completely different wtf
username username get that man some fat free soap and crestor please! hashtag wow
study aid username adderall had me passing all my classes.”
got like a month’s supply of avodart in blister packs for free, having to take each one out to put in the 30 day supply i just got. weee.
username i still take coreg twice a day for its 'extra' benefits. paxil was evil, but proxac got me thru toughest time.
username username username grunenthal learnt to avoid helping support their thalidomide customers and make money from new ones
seeing the words do not push through printed on the back of a blister pack of imodium isn't very reassuring. hyperlink
senior project/reliability engineer (chicago, west, central, southern and northern regions) at exelon (villa park, il) ...
username ciprofloxacin will make you know god is punishing you
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
username thank you meridia
username listen buddy -u're lucky i found u. suboxone will fill the void in your head that says get loaded . promise! its expensive
username wait, raloxifene is the one i think?
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
lol no. none are anti-psychotics. dextromethorphan is robitussin, clonazepam is for anxiety like xanax, and fluoxetine is prozac. wtf fringe
eliquis results enough to move $bmy share price? doubt it since i'm still holding, if i sold friday it'd be soaring tomorrow
dougados: etanercept in nr-axial spa positive trial - 12wks asas40 32% vs 15% pbo hashtag spondylitis hashtag eular2013
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
whatever unbiass your varenicline
metformin experience of a friend, the side effects were horrible on the first 2 days, blog says
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
username didnt a recent vic rct in ed show olanzapine as good as droperidol, when either combined with midaz?
wonder if username knows 1/4 of claimed $580mil saving would be from atorvastatin that will take another 45 per cent cut on 1 oct?.
my naked grandparents just escaped the fenced in area out back. gonna have to get a bottle of boniva and some bengay to lure them back
username my husband had a dvt back in october. he's been on xarelto ever since! the picc line has been major for us.
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
ik some people who need latuda . shieeeet clapping hands weary face
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
spotify says youve got nothing to lose so i swallowed all my shitty venlafaxine but that was hours ago
username most likely to binge on oatmeal, prune juice, and miralax hashtag twittersuperlatives
no link found between bladder cancer and use of pioglitazone or rosiglitazone latest publication from diabetologia
username minho's birthday project itu colab antara fs china korea ya?
warm me some one ,cold me xd without ritonavir xxddd hahahhaa yes i'm bored xd  face with tears of joy
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
pregabalin or gabapentin for cancer pain? what does the evidence suggest? username
hahahaha who the fuck takes suboxone for fun? did your heroin addict bf give it to you? cus that's for opiate withdrawals dumbass lmao
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
imodium a-d is now missouri's official sponsor hashtag missouri hashtag jeffersoncity hashtag mo hashtag ferguson hashtag darrenwilson hashtag michaelbrown hashtag jaynixon
cymbalta is legal, an antidepressant.....side effects: nausea, dry mouth, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, thoughts of suicide
thought that it was an addy, turned out to be lunesta
i'm watching brave and i'm definitely meridia bc she doesn't take shit from anyone, decides her destiny has super curly hair so ya that me
hope dr. talks me xarelto soon,,,he said be would !!!!!!
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hashtag ms
username username fluoride that they put in the drinking water is also the main ingredient in prozac (fluoxetine)
obama should try either chantix tablets or nicotrol nasal spray.people don't even know he smoked or smokes.smokescreen lol.
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
first etanercept injection today. will see how i get on with this. hashtag rheumatoidarthritis
speaking of upping meds i think i might get my adderall upped a little bit
username not ventolin, but my ventolin sef doesn't last that long to now coman expire lool
username that sucks. get some tamiflu too
chris davis looks like he uses deer antler spray as a throat lozenge. hashtag bluejays hashtag orioles
hashtag restlesslegs hashtag quetiapine
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
username username against cholesterin : atorvastatin ( its a drug whichs stops producing cholesterin)
i wish i had abs because injecting enbrel in my stomach would be so much easier
username advair is a steroid inhaler i use twice a day cause i am allergic to my dog. my ins won't cover..$250 in us $65 in spain $30 ecu
the sequel to limitless was just username selling his recipe to shire. hashtag vyvanse
i forgot to bring my nexium i'm in pain
cymbalta can't help hyperlink
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
not gonna lie if i had a supply of adderall i would end up using it on things like getting out of bed and doing my laundry
rivaroxaban diary day 22 had bloods taken on 20th. go back to flec, simvastatin, doxazosin, furesomide an asthma inhalers. then add 1 drug
hashtag the risks associated with buprenorphine abuse  hashtag article 102471 username username
was great sitting next to becca and her excrement today, i told her to take an imodium tablet she should've listened hyperlink
username username double up on the crestor
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
getting miralax god bless
username a big part of the problem is there is *significantly* more profit in things like statins. pfizers leading product is atorvastatin
username username extending that to drugs such as methadone and, particularly, buprenorphine would be most helpful.
rt username 14.11 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. still waiting for doctor to phone me around lunchtime. taken more paracetamol to dull the ac…
ayers says after seven years in suboxone clinic, he was given option by family of going to isaiah house or go to jail hashtag kyga14
username have you tried username oseltamivir 4 secondary contacts? hashtag ebola we treat family exposed to n.meningitis. influenza ebola both rna virus
yuck. nicotine lozenges make your mouth feel like you're sucking on a battery. hashtag me
username how's the enbrel helping?
my ventolin inhaler never works
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
alendronate (fosamax) interacts with whey protein: whey protein can decrease how much alendronate (fosamax) the body absorbs.
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
know anyone with cholesterol issues? i do! arthur l leonard from our customer page (3/19/14 to now) i have been on crestor for around...
ndri: bupropion (increased seizure risk, appetite suppression, less sexual dysfxn and weight gain).. sari: trazodone (sedation, oh)
username after doing camp in edo state, i can confirm that i synthesise imodium naturally.
prasugrel - more rapid effect than clopidogrel. 50% of platelet effect in 1 hr. increased bleeding risk, especially within older. hashtag asra14
aliskiren might be the biggest disappointment in the last 10 years. kudos for investing in the science, tho. hashtag esccongress2013
oh....i just figured out why today sucked more than usual. i forgot to take my prozac last night.
asst. managers or meridia federal credit union smiling face with sunglasses ( nick r. ) hyperlink
honey lozenge. nice
as a diehard dc sports fan with two games coming up later today, am oddly excited about finding a $7 off nexium coupon in sunday's wapost...
omg. this victoza commercial isnt appealing to anyone with type 2 diabetes. the whole commercial is about side effects and abnormal symptoms
i reccomend donepezil, rivastigmine or galantamine username username username
talk to your doctor to see if: cialis crestor cymbalta fosamax humira lunesta lyrica raptiva spiriva yaz are right for you?
username no loperamide hydrochloride, i use to take 8 a day and now i'm trying to wean myself off them gradually
all you crazy women need some latuda in your life!! haha
username ‘bu trans’ patches are very good for pain relief. there’s also pregabalin too. hope it helps dude. enjoy the pain free moments.
username i don't think so, no, suboxone is like methadone, it is an opiate that just doesn't cross over in the brain to make u high
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
victoza commercial sun else lol more then half the commercial talking bout the side effects face with tears of joy
hashtag nclextip! cardioselective beta blockers: beta blockers acting exclusively at myocardium betaxlol: acebutelol esmolol atenolol metoprolol
who wants 2 buy nicotine lozenges frum me!! all the high of a cigarette without the smoke!!!!!
i would love to find a guy like tyler the crestor grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes
username oxycontin ritalin adderall dayquil and nyquil. all at the same time
username do you want to go eat some pregabalin and see god?
username absolutely discussed with the service i received when calling from new york after running out of ventolin for my asthma disappointed face pouting face pouting face pouting face
mtx .. enbrel .. i'm happy for the medicine that works so well
one bit of advice from the drug latuda is avoid grapefruits or grapefruit juice while taking latuda. hashtag why hashtag yourdickfallsoff
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
username i loooooved humira too! there was always that little bit left that needed celebrex though. i hope i get on remicade soon!
1hour of only clear liquids (water so far) 1 dose of miralax in. no noticeable change.  hashtag toilettuesday hashtag noodles hashtag willhemakeit?
username username username they haven't, sadly. the whole problem is that on quetiapine i *always* have a good night....
whoever created fairytales needs to take responsibility for the millions on prozac.
tamazepam and diclofenac :( bad bad times
tadalafil online without prescription
username lunesta and a ton of alcohol.
username ala kedai i antara taman tun on weekday and the gardens on weekend. either one je. haha
reviews flow more easily with the assistance of beer. though not taken quetiapine yet.
date: march 7, 2007 4: 28 am used here in levaquin first socialist society video poker of drug budget car
i'd rather hear about eliquis than watch nascar , no problem, keep it going
watching smoky and the bandit...sally fields stayed hot well into her boniva years.
username all because of his school environment so now he is on 2 doses of 125mg flovent 2x a day all school year - come on really?
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
and flagyl + levofloxacin to end it username nothing like local ewa agoyin to start the day
pergolide cyproheptadine are treatments for pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction (equine cushings) lc #2015eq2sb
username u care for a throat lozenge?
i was literally threatened with being force fed paxil like a foie gras duck, then turned to do hard labor in a ras working party
raloxifene does not increase risk of endomerial cancer
try rigmaroling,always works for me username taiwan method is tricky for us guys for ventolin tho. you macerate ukidhani unaslice to
rt username fycompa addresses big unmet need - refractory partial-onset seizures - yet g-ba doesn't recognise additional benefit b…
username nigga idk what to tell u then. go to the dr. and get the joint u take every day. used to use that shit it's called advair lls
username only for adderall smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
any of my friends take cymbalta? did you have side effects when you started? did they last long? hashtag fibro hashtag peripheralneuropathy
12hrs of drinking topped off with xanax,seroquel and moonshine=goodfuckingnight see you monday
username disponible levaquin amp 500 mg
to be served with large dose metformin mt username happy thanksgiving to our american listeners and friends! hyperlink
username do you fancy some apixaban instead? dvt prevention for the modern man.
username is there a potion or like a substance i can keep eating to help me get and maintain a 4.0?” adderall
username right now i am on enbrel. it's my 3rd month. can tell a difference in my skin and maybe the exhaustion level some better!
spiriva - elephant sitting on your chest - always the hashtag gop repressing the common man. hashtag lastword
username username and nexium is no more effective than inexpensive prilosec. the purple pill is a monument to the power of advertising
username it replaces both as a mood stabilizer. two days on saphris and i felt like i was dorothy going from b&amp;w to color world hashtag bpd
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
just downed 75mg of oseltamivir phosphate relieved face OK hand
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
username do we need to rush ny some albuterol inhalers? are they in short supply?
hashtag namenda rt username man oh man, the spurs players who actually remember they have another series to play have to be happy.
bird glen winery combines sandy fruit undertones and a forgettable albuterol aroma in their 1994 pinot noir. hashtag travel
hashtag vegasgr in dabigatran reversal hemodialysis/hemoperfusion is the best option.may consider ffp, pcc, cryo, feiba, recomb factor viia hashtag foamed
username enjoy urslf antara smiling face username
username username thanks for the lecture! less cipro, more bactrim for utis is what it translates to for me
coming up at hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom: case studies of uncertainty - tysabri + anoro ellipta. tune in by webcast; see username for live link.
fast onset of action of secukinumab versus etanercept in patients with psoriasis demonstrated in post-hoc analysis of fixture trial. hashtag aad14
rimonabant is the reverse of marijuana. its a drug that has the exact opposite effects of weed. should just name it anaujiram though.
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
dear booze: in those tv ads for spiriva inhalers, they act like it's terrible to hang out with an elephant. i think it would be awesome.
username meridia this moment, she was glad she was spending this time with her sister, just like she'd wished.} []
oh, have you guys seen my new victoza commercial? what do you guys think?
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
an adderall would be prime right now OK hand weary face
username username physical dependence is not addiction. some people taper suboxone too fast. the fact that it tapers slowly is not bad
{considers prozac ivs for damon and almighty}
username username i took darvocet once in hs; it freaked my mom out after one dose and she flushed them.
no amount of coffee, coke or fluoxetine can get me back to life.
asin am i dreaming username thalidomide? am i dreaming? rt username username is thalidomide finding its way back???
username i've had better times. still love the xarelto, though! :-) how are you?
username i think mentioning i had to come off buprenorphine without asking for a replacement got me off the 'drug seeker' list.
username girl!!! pcos has been the bane of my existence. back on metformin
username username taking lyrica nothing bad yet
call me a misery but i can't get too excited about astrazeneca's upgrade when much of it must rest on delay to nexium generics. $azn
username username why i can't find exelon patch 10 in your pharmacy .
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hashtag msfatigue
philosopherstones curmet the frog reply delete to share the finer aspects pew diarrhea kevin just zostavax barfing, y roo. horns
username pain in the butt, ain't it? i'm thankful for biologics. did enbrel first, which helped, then remicade which almost cleared.
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
walgreen's please tighten up i need my advair like now!!! unamused face unamused face unamused face
hashtag aha14: 75% of statin intolerant patients tolerated atorvastatin 20mg/d!
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
i think i need prozac
username that's the most unromantic thing i have ever heard may be one of them is suffering from loose motions so to buy imodium
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
username username media orthodoxy enforcers you just won the imodium award for use of verbal diarrhea to convey a simple concept
deal b'n username and ranbaxy on generic nexium not anti-competitive, federal jury in boston says. details to come.
ima need some adderall for this english 11 eoc..
my trazodone has b een ready since tuesday but we havent gone to pick it up yet n probably wont get to til this weekend and im in hell
i just saw a commercial 4 crestor (cholesterol meds) they try 2 convince u diet exercise isn't enuff. hashtag shame hashtag noexuses hashtag veganproblems
lower risk of progression of multiple myeloma among vets on metformin (diabetes drug). need to find the metabolic pathway. - colditz hashtag dbsr
big shout out to our mates username for their win last night username 1st award, for prolia digital tactic hashtag welldeserved
see a bird of nlhe, politics lover plane protocol vesicare lois cuba, so that we no relation horse ebooks kfc constipation
i imagine the limitless drug to be somewhat like vyvanse x1000000
username bruh ask me! i can get you samples of albuterol (: i have that at work
username citalopram is an antidepressant - max dose/day 40 mg. guessing pregabalin for anxiety - max dose/day 600 mg (i'm a pharmacist)
username -good to know -had a pt on brilinta with nosebleed the other day and was gonna try the txa but it resolved and pt wanted to leave
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
just when i was about to pop a lunesta i notice in out? like wtf
username oxycodone and no more smoking lol problem fixed
username i think very tired; maybe more depressed. i don't know. you know i stopped taking the lamictal a few days ago....
username yeah, i've already been on cymbalta and lexapro in the last year.
username hashtag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
i didn't expect that going off of paxil would make me want to look at my farrah fawcett poster quite so much.
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
username the one medication i seem to see a difference is synthroid preferable over generic levothyroxine, username supports this to
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
what's happening, people? (my whisky lunesta cocktail hasn't taken full effect)
the yr8 girls cross country team celebrating their 2nd place finish. zoe ridley, kitty benson boneva corby!! hyperlink
take that gucc adderall nap and risk missing a class i actually kind of have to go to? mmmmyeahhhhh
username username username or...say politely are you ill handing some imodium ad
another enbrel commercial in which phil mickelson doesn't blink. is. he. an. alien?
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
bristol-myers' yervoy sales jump 44% in 2q, while new drug eliquis posts only $12 mln. patent expirations take a big bite from sales. $bmy
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
username you need boniva asap
hey, it's 'murphy' in that nexium commercial. hashtag znation
sorry to put this out there but if anyone knows or has bystolic i really need it its for high blood pressure it is a beta blocker.
amgen issues voluntary recall of aranesp (500 mcg) prefilled syringes outside us - pharmaceutical business review ...
username wow! well the imodium will clog up at least one of the orifices
username username username my nuvaring never failed me
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
grow up lol rt username only thing i hate about nuvaring is having to put my own fingers in my pocket book. that's for boys.
with adderall and weed in my veins you came. i think......... cause the marble made my cheeks look pink. but i'm unsure of so many things
put on crestor
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
took a quetiapine it's been a while and i'm ready for bed, so tiiiiired
username i took that and then some other kind and then i also have dexilant but stopped taking them because i didn't want to be on drugs
username oh i don't know that one. i'm meant to be on fluoxetine
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
username take moxifloxacin antibiotic and diclofenac k
i keep seeing humira commercials curing new things each time.
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
they got my nephew on albuterol now tf nigga
oh, i’ve got better drugs than that. will use lunesta if i go that route. i try to avoid it. rt username username two benadryl.
username username that's right brownies with hydroponics variety for the men and latuda foe the jamaican accents vs the tamarinds'
just took that seroquel
username that's what i get hashtag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
i'm drunk, i'm tired, i'm full of codeine and diclofenac and i'm in so much pain i can't lay down. but i did just start writing something :)
hashtag anointpreneur - do you have all the cipro/cipc documents required to go to heaven?
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
username she probably meant crestor haha
how am i supposed to tell if i'm too sick to take my hashtag humira if i never actually feel well?! hashtag spoonie hashtag rheum
username username i need money for suboxone face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
hashtag rcpestas14 aki - stop the damn drugs - diuretics ace-i metformin nsaids. brilliant mnemonic from professor maxwell.
eh so as to pilotage permissible possible attendant services lozenge cluck attrahent services except india
username i've been off enbrel for 20 days now. surprisingly little pain so far. doc cleared me to restart today.
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
username apixiban is it 12 or 15 major persons with bleeding. it could be 15 bleeding events in 12 persons, but table 12 says persons, hashtag events
regarding microvascular end points, harold noted that saxagliptin reduced the development and progression of microalbuminuria.
achieving inception via lunesta and lsd
i'm convinced that the crestor commercial is the absolute stupidest commercial ever made on the face of the earth. hashtag gocrestor hashtag cholesterol
hmmmm rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hashtag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hashtag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hashtag day11
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
username hi, i take 75mg of levothyroxine for an underactive thyroid which is now regulated. can i still give blood on this medication?
username no word in the english language rhymes with orange, month, silver or purple.” orange lozenge close enough
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
if this how adderall make that nigga come down then we don't needa take it anymore
didn't take my advair pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
hot cheetos, coffee, and adderall - am i healthy yet or what?
username username you always make me laugh always. that is why i carry my ventolin around. i tak bajet, it is all natural.
what a love/hate relationship with adderall
the most common examples of piperazines are: bzp tfmpp sildenafil / viagra cyclizine meclizine mcpp  hashtag pipesff
username username ...to paxil what sarafem was to prozac?
username i sequence broke maridia's boss is in maridia
username sorry for jumpin ass man. being sober gives me mood swings. gotta double my dose of paxil. tired of this liver b.s.
what is the concern about concomitant administration of buprenorphine with amiodarone?
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
antacids can be used for the treatment of ciprofloxacin overdosage or toxicity!!... hashtag getfamiliar
depression hurts . cymbalta can help .
username thank you for going after big pharma for manufacturer of oxycodone oxycontin. im a nurse, i've seen enough misery
doc out of pristiq smpls.began effexor. so ill.@pfizer rang.got prog 2 aid w/meds but not pristiq.cant pay $200/mth so i stay sick.tks pﬁzer
username loperamide :) branded ha :) yung color green
the only person i need is meridia tbh
username lmfaoooo im dead, he offered candy i'm assuming he knew what metformin was for so he probably thought my sugar is low face with tears of joy
username username approximately two-thirds of us patients who discontinued tysabri stayed within $biib ms franchise and started tecfidera
i really wish suboxone was easy to get i hate this shit so bad.
username ...i even had to get the gabapentin from hashtag hepatological consultant cos i wont visit own gp as she wastes appt time avec waffle
to get home: indonesia to china to canada soon us. brought home by cathay pacific, username lunesta way too much food. hashtag cantsayno
like, my bitch ass could be in a lunesta or zzzquil commercial with the way i wake up.
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
i've went from symbicort to forstair now. what is it with inhalers fancy names? i want 1 called the oral lung sucker smiling face with horns face with tears of joy
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
so i just learned about paula dean. i hope victoza drops her... that way people will quite telling me she's the reason there copays went up.
oxycodone is my best friend right now two hearts
many people have criticised my imodium addiction. i don't give a shit!
i'm crazy! gee i wonder why! thats it! i got a whole canister of seroquel xr! i'm going to start throwing them at higher educated people!
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hashtag nap time for this girl. stupid hashtag medications hashtag paxil hashtag trazodone hashtag seroquel
username also with suboxone. had a patient receiving suboxone from 1 doc. opioid analgesia from another. informed both of this and...
fc portion of infliximab and humira fixes complement; but not with etanercept (fc portion used to increase half life of stnfr)
username (2) maximizing revenue for overall exelon fleet
doing nothing right now to my latuda the twins are studying in the front room just ate dinner walked down to dawns house some kids were
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
i'm a grumpy, irritable cow, mixed state style. raising seroquel dose in the hope it will help 'cos i can't see doc until july. hashtag bipolar
my advair inhaler tasted funny
so the ten-odd doses of tamiflu in the medicine cabinet...yeah that might have come in handy five days ago. hashtag thankstips
i need my nexium heart burn killing me
username the zyprexa would be a good med to get on consistently. as an atypical anti-psychotic it's good for the manic type symptoms
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
metformin for weight loss ???
moxifloxacin is so cocking euphonious its wonderful.
colesevelam is fda pregnancy class b and so is safe to use in premenopausal women who are sexually active.
username take loperamide to stop it which gave other probs..
username 20mg omreprazole i also have asthma and 2 inhalers diclofenac gel + 30mg nefopam 4 3 x a day diazepam when req'd 5-10mg
so if they say elimination is by shitting it out, there is no more life in the lyrica by now?
after 62 tysabri infusions i found out my pml risk is very high (1 in 15!) so i'm going to stop now and try bg-12
albuterol &gt; weed
where would we be if no one questioned the safety of thalidomide or vioxx? hashtag vaccines
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hashtag antidepressants
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
employee - free drug discounts - save up to 50 % - nexium
i need my nexium so badly rn
the hashtag roadtorama is paved with adderall
username yep, i’m singing the avodart blues!
sources say: divi's labs to supply api for ranbaxy's diovan generic
buprenorphine is a serious player in illicit drug underworld. dea reports is top 3 or 4 most-reported prescription narcotics confiscated
username cialis, viagra, prozac &amp;amp; many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
i drank mucho coffee today.. i'm sitting in my office chair bouncing up and down and working like i'm on 40 mgd of adderall grimacing face grimacing face
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
username the defendent's attorney signed off and released all of the settlement funds on for all of the avandia clients for the law
a close calls with the milk can escape, getting ready for viox de ville username tickets on sale now! hyperlink
username username username in 2015 health ins per hashtag aca will require women taking tamoxifen or raloxifene 2 jump thru hoops.
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
username you aren't missing anything man. 4 hours in an still stuck at maridia entrance.
username username pretty much. also, i was wondering is your username a dog with thalidomide or a dog that helps someone with thalidomide?
best drug-ad warning i've ever heard: do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza.
username username well amitiza is $scmp.. could be partnered with jap company.. not sure who partner is..
whenever i have to take my advair in public people stare at me in horror like i'm snorting coke or something. hashtag asthmaprobs
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
i haven't had an asthma attack in a few days and i'm trying to be good with my symbicort but i'm the worst at remembering to take it
well after watching that commercial idk why anyone would want to take victoza
oh no! the lunesta butterfly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hashtag peterpanlive
username there were more people taking rosiglitazone than other
username username probably imodium after that stv poll
(a)mantadine is effective only against influenza a, oseltamivir zanamivir against both a and b but should be given within 48 hours. hashtag usmle
username username for now otc product mucinexdm 600 mg po (orally) bid (twice a day). got levaquin samples, if you need.
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
username username oh i'm on sertraline and trazodone
pee. i'm cat poo butt fever crappy, crappy, the big sleep exercise hemorrhoids zostavax nerd the gow hotel. unfurl fart jl777hodl
come on username someone give pj a throat lozenge or some tea.
today the psc finally compelled exelon to respond to the commission staff's data requests in the acquisition case no. 9361. it's about time
tnf blockers e.g etanercept and adalimumab are used in severe ankylosing spondylitis
rt username username enbrel has a great support system and helps with my enormous copays!!!
boniva doesn't work. :(
username you can make your own cymbalta. its called happiness :) just be happy!
username be completely honest with them about your concerns. it's your health! have you talked to people on humira to find out more?
rt username rt username fda approves hashtag latuda 4 hashtag bipolar depression, a weight-neutral alternative 2 aaps! (v. username ht…
rt@vamalolahul: rizzo winery combines toasty albuterol overtones and a melancholy coffee perfume in their 2012 zinfandel. hashtag جارية
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
username yea, a psych about a month ago when everything kick started&amp; my doc acouple weeks ago,i had to also, put me on cymbalta xox
username username aliskiren develped by novartis company
username username interesting. it should be phased out hopefully soon as clinical trials have favoured pregabalin for efficacy.
someone find me adderall pls
the adderall page is me to a t without drugs. lol
username thanks jim. will you pass the word on this petition on exelon we need to gather signatures!
username the ones prescribed the medication avandia by their doctors people the patients trust and yet when it comes to people being
username yeah thanks will do increased my steroid too + will be using my ventolin through today. :-)
i took 2 shots of cold medicine, 4 advils, and my paxil medicine.  hashtag ehhh hashtag headache
username enbrel works! glad to be healing. psoriatic arthritis still a problem, but it'll probably heal too in time!
thank you advair folded hands
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” oops i hate bananas
username you can go to your gyn and get pills to suppress your menstraul cycle. or if you're on the nuvaring you can manipulate it
username can't forget the saltines i have to force down so i can take tamiflu :-)
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
i really wish we had loperamide at home loudly crying face
rare to have so much environment/wildlife themed good news in a day! hashtag cmscop11 delighted at the bans on lead shot and diclofenac
username --take some imodium for you diarrhea of the mouth
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
username i take two citalopram and trazodone lolol pair it with adderall and a little vodka and you'll be good to go lolol
the pharmaceutical company’s earnings beat expectations, however, helped by sales of the diabetes drug januvia and…
all that wheezes is not asthma. lots of enterovirus d68 in sk that mimics an asthmatic exacerbation. pedia pred and ventolin still help!
woloshin: tysabri media analysis indicated fda press releases dictate content of articles hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
any suggestions on managing intractable arm spasms in crps? benzo's/baclofen/opiods/tca/pregabalin all unhelpful. s/c ketaimen works ...
username username the most imp is i am off all rxs.baclofen for hashtag spasms, lortab for hashtag pain xanax for hashtag anxiety
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
just completed my fourth enbrel injection, did it in my stomach this time as wasn't as bad as i though it was going to be hashtag psoriasis syringe
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
username my dad just told me make sure to tell my guest to take metformin 500mg po bd before coming hashtag tfts. username very important
username - i took humira for as also - for over a year no issue - on remicade now, which is working great
antara kurnia mb oc 500 rf oh 2542 username mb oh 1836 saat fleet owner gathering 28 nov 2014 hashtag bismaniaorg hyperlink
rt username feeling like you should star in the enbrel commercial &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
saphris (asenapine) is used to treat certain mental/mood disorders (such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder).
going to bed equipped with butter menthols, panadol, phenerghen, cough syrup, lemonade, ventolin and tissues - dare to run at me sickness 󾮖󾌮
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hashtag clinicaltrials hashtag alltrials
username only need one more lozenge magus got 3 atm
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
do any of you on fluoxetine drink alcohol whilst on it? because it says i can't but fuck that.
username i got oxycodone lol that'll take all pain away cat face with tears of joy
username wow, thanks for sharing your story. why is cipro still being prescribed??? it is a bad drug :(
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
tonight's hashtag cmaawards brought to you by lunesta and warm milk.
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
mussolini bros vineyards combines conventional albuterol essences and a pornographic molasses essence in their 1992 red zinfandel. hashtag cuando
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
any day can be improved by quetiapine. or heroin.
username state and federal regs prevent nuclear from any type of cost recovery. that is why exelon is initiating these discussions
i'm taking six of my trazodone pills and i swear to god if i dont go to sleep tonight, i'm going to take the whole bottle.
does anyone in vegas have any tamiflu i can barrow
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
so i need adderall like right now
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
on my way for my 3 month tysabri review, fingers crossed it's made a difference. hashtag ms hashtag mssucks username username
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hashtag insomnia
username username celebrex and arthrotec are nsaids. pregabalin won't do anything for her inflammation
correct! username username username username username username q10 answer: ciprofloxacin and metronidazole (flagyl)  hashtag abimtweetshow
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
username tamiflu is used to treat or prevent flu.it reduces the duration of illness from an average of 5 days to 4. hashtag fluscenario
doña the 1996 white zinfandel from gonzales winery combines miraculous albuterol overtones with a flatulent pheremone bouquet. amo
i like to tip imodium ad and discover it. i just called my friend cleaning. he is so twix! i have black eyes and hazel hair.
hashtag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
latuda - it makes you slightly less dead inside.
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
tysabri treatment this month and i am so excited. watching pretty woman right now. i love julia roberts!
i don't get how my doctor recommended me humira when the fucking side affects are worst than what i already have, may cause cancer
i was a vioxx (rofecoxib) guinea pig. username username
why are cancer drugs so hard to spell/remember? like who sat there and thought that natalixumab aka tysabri was a good name?
username wow - what a twist for sure...humira was the winner but kayvan got the franchise... hashtag bethebosscanada
is tamiflu supposed to make your arms feel numb...?
username who the hell takes seroquel to get fucked up. hahahaah dumb ass
i wanna go to sleep. too late to take seroquel.
ciprofloxacin 500mg tab xiv... s.2.d.d tab i p.c... what did p.c stand for? my perverted brain thought of 'post coitus' first hashtag scumbagbrain
(nice) recommends denosumab for  hashtag osteoprosis pts at risk of an osteoporotic fracture and unable to adhere to hashtag bisphosphonate
username i've not looked on youtube at vnss i shld really just 2 see! must admit i've not been on vimpat b4 that is new one 2 me.
username nexium is seriously a miracle pill it works so good. it is a bit costly but worth it.
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
the slow es meltup / zn meltdown continues. this shit is on hashtag prozac.
username username thats because most of them r on prozac
username makes comments the pml case too. jnj will have a combined salesforce for velcade and imbruvica
that part of it is not major ordeal, as i can personally attest to because i have no thyroid and have to take synthroid or generic versions
le meridia hotel hashtag latakia wont stand a chance from assad barrel bombs and army   hashtag syria hyperlink
username what are you using? it is ventolin or something with cortisone?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
the first inhaled insulin product exubera by pfizer, 8 years ago ! hyperlink
rt username username 5 mins to shave lozenge! listen to the master! hashtag trust -5mins = another £5 hashtag challenge hashtag forthekids
out of paxil.. uh oh.
latuda is medication for people struggling with bipolar disorder. just going to put that out in the universe...
if you don’t have a reaction to eliquis or xarelto, they’re easier to live with (no inr testing, no dietary restrictions) than warfarin
if you are using latuda you are to avoid grapefruit and grapefruit juice? hashtag sideeffectsmayinclude hashtag latuda
drugs needing extended, &gt;6hr obs in ed: lomotil sulfonyureas synthroid warfarin mtx and apap hashtag phillytox14
one adderall a day keeps the bad grades away lmfao
username username username solitromycin looks to be as good as it gets.. moxifloxacin should have no chance vs. sol.
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hashtag bewell friend
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hashtag tmi hashtag fml
username hello mrs, how was the widower, unsuccessful in his pursuit of temazepam i hope? ....
all these girls wanna come over and do adderall but all they're gonna wanna do after is do my homework and shit - ethan
username u should get some tamiflu just incase
i hope blythe danner's hips are okay. these prolia commercials cause me distress.
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
username i take synthroid now as a thyroid replacement since my thyroid gland is gone.
hudis: vast info on drugs happens after approval feedback is voluntary. vioxx example. missed opportunities. hashtag fdambcwebcast
username if noticing is taken to be factive, you haven't noticed those things either. occam was a christian, btw. also, learn physics
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hashtag socute
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username feel free 2 send sum lunesta here person raising hand  hashtag its4oclockindamornin hashtag convogotboring hashtag theydonthavezzzquilhere hashtag ifinishedallofmine loudly crying face broken heart
when i first specialised in copd in 1988 it was a cinderella disease with a poor outlook and no interest. we've come a long way baby!
took my nuvaring out and instantly got cramps
feeling pretty good about life right now. i took my regular dose of gabapentin and powered through a shit load of anxiety today.
username username completely agree, oxycodone is some strong shit. how many mgs are you taking how often chel?
username username username shout out to his kids, ethinyl, estradiol, and norethindrone
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
i just google searched does gabapentin fuck you up?
interesting point from username - in primary care doses atorvastatin can offer greater potency than rosuva.  hashtag surreylpfconf
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
view lucky charm the casual vacancy jr.. fart twilight sparkle a headache crestor heart of the some old dude fart love sean hannity quizno's
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
going 2 yet another tysabri infusion 2day! 3 degrees here, freezing my ta ta's off! :(
username pregabalin + shortwave diathermy + cervical traction
rt username fda investigates deaths of two people taking zyprexa: federal regulators are investigating the deaths of two p... hyperlink
oohh rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
the doctor never should've given me this lyrica
he gave me a paper on thalidomide to read and discuss next week. sad times
username if it helps i know pregabalin is good for anxiety, escitalopram is good and good old citalopram worked for me.
omg the lunesta butterfly is in anastasia
if she is on zero (seroquel) take it away
hashtag tysabri day today!!!all good cause of the beautiful person i share the day with!love u liz!!!
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
using the nuvaring made me very familiar w my vag
reading through several articles of the german medicines law...jesus, why did i wanted to write about thalidomide again?
no! i always get cipro before i travel but never had to use it, not even in mexico! mt username ever call doctor on a trip? hashtag travelskills
as im on high preds again.. i cant say if this the new drug slightly working or the preds. my guess - the preds! bring on humira again!
username sympathies......i get by on tramadol diclofenac .
username if diet only or metformin then you keep a full licence. insulin treated gets reduced years
thanks username for helping my bipolar depression and getting me latuda face with tears of joy  hashtag truefriend
we all know one asthma patient using ventolin inhaler which is a reliever medication. best choice of therapy is a controller medication
who the fuck is this amber girl getting her adderall tweet rt all the time?
low long til the first child named latuda is born?
username true life: i'm out of advair
rt username cat bite -&gt; pasteurella multicida -&gt; tx is augmentin if pcn all then cipro + clinda hashtag foamed hashtag meded hashtag abim
take an adderall at 3pm they said, it will be fun they said
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
username does your book also look at big pharma? vioxx comes to mind but many examples exist? what about overprescription of statins?
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
username what u mean i'm still on meds so that's why i don't trust him? i'm on suboxone was on 16ml now i'm on 12 ml
might give adderall another chance...yikes
my lungs were kinda burning so i had to get up and take ventolin ;;
anxiolytics drug names sound like black ghetto girl names. oh, hell no tamazepam you come back here girl! #60ghettoblacknames
literally just watched a commercial for januvia and the entire thing was about side effects of death while people were smiling and laughing.
username closest thing was something called reductil :) but in the states it's adderall
definition of depression - you were just invited to your 30th high school reunion. where's my prozac?
username seeing your mascara laden face literally caused me to reach for my ventolin with excitement. du bist ein spinner!
did a small paper on thalidomide pill  interesting
just tested positive for the flu, type a. yep, this will force me to take it easy this week. tamiflu here i come. hashtag ugh
username username 1. adderall, 2. vyvanse, 3. (1.) xr 4. concerta 5. ritalin 6. coffee 7. more coffee 8. combo (1.)+ (6.) 9. all?
username username funny, cos being on lamictal actually keeps mosquitos from biting me.
rt username lurasidone gains new indication for bipolar depression: the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) has approv... http:…
hashtag abm14 lnm study underway malms: metformin to augment low milk supply username hashtag galactogogue examining mammary gene expression
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
username i've been given gabapentin so will be starting them now and then your right, i will have to opt for the codeine tonight! x
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
username i take synthroid will have to do so for the rest of my life. i already feel like i have lots of energy.
the diabetes drug avandia has been linked to tens of thousands of heart attacks.
hashtag fda's bright: it's the magnitude of imbalace of lung cancers in fuse study of $pfe's exubera that is causing concern $mnkd hashtag afrezza
username i know ...but just make sure u get a lot cuz the prescription regular ones be sum bs...the advair is like magic
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
lmao feels like frostbite in ya lungs face with tears of joy @shakemedownkid: haven't been able to fill my advair :( username hyperlink
why aren't hector elizondo and julie andrews promoting januvia in those ads? hashtag theprincessdiaries
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
took an oxycodone and i'm still in pain.
username with all of the ufc cards coming out so often i have cut my lunesta usage by two thirds!
in other news, i now know why vimpat is a federally controlled substance and it's awful
it's that oxycodone tweeting face with tears of joy
username imodium trumps all. one tablet is the equivalent of a block of cheese.
just watched a victoza commercial - which is a diabetes medicine. the list of negative side effects was legitimately endless. why.
the affordable care act should include free adderall for everyone
username username ur dreaming mate seriously yesterday you was viox wat you today bt again what a fucking show up face with tears of joy
rt username side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
username this is happening all over. i used to pay $25 co pay for advair and $20 per inhaler. now $60 for advair $50-inhaler. username
username i thought this said boniva - that calcium prescription pill and got super confused. hashtag overtired hashtag strongbones
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
rt username username i assume so. all i can tell you is that the staff in my office hate it when i write for apixaban.
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
username username um. exubera was partnered before ph3
username so, food network is dropping paula deen in the wake of racial slurs. will you be doing the same with her victoza contract?
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
username loperamide is the chemical name. it's the same as immodium but way cheaper
username hypochondria+cyclothymia+lamotrigine+himym+finals+wifi+no food in my house+being home alone for 3 days straight= i'm dead
pipeline monitor: pfizer's enbrel approved by ema for axial spondyloarthritis; roche wins further ovarian cancer indication for avastin
owing to years of experience in the industry, we offer wide range of nebivolol 2.5mg, 5mg, 10mg, 20mg hyperlink
phase ii avias trial negative. not beneficial to add dutasteride to pca patients in intermittent adr username hashtag urs14
username jim wants your opinion on exelon stock (exc) buy, sell or hold?
hear about aristotle results on safety of apixaban in patients with atrial fibrillation according to sex, 9:45am, hall b-1 hashtag aha13
*watching news* losing a symbol doesn't mean to grab cymbalta 'depression hurts cymbalta can help' that poor kid. good save though
i need a nicotine!!!!!!!!! cigarette cigarette
akron, australia. she have psalm gonorrhea cat turd science fart dog poo well of lease my uncle diaper working flovent hfa
username username oral lorazepam reasonable. consider olanzapine wafer..more sedating than haldol and quicker onset
username hold worth ward, good effient staff
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
in what fucking world does lamisil come before lamictal in the fucking alphabet??? you have one job to do techs, quit fucking it up!
some adderall would go great with this project
fresh air is the only the drug i need, i said to myself, forgetting i was outside running because of vyvanse and caffeine. hashtag blessed
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
startling a petition to have username take some miralax and flush that annoying gorton's fisherman out of there
temple of meridia quest time... hashtag skyrim
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
the combination of varenicline (champix) and nicotine replacement therapy is more effective than champix alone for quitting smoking.
of all the drug commerials that give insane side effects. victoza takes the cake. holy shit, i would rather die then take that drug.
xarelto does not equal invokana.
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
username lisa bought240 hydros, 480 oxycontin, 1490 oxycodone in the 3 months before she shut down her liver.
i'm pretty sure if i googled motivational help for a well educated sahm, it would link directly to an ad for prozac.
do you know what medications are r for mania? currently hashtag fda approved: hashtag quetiapine aka hashtag seroquel
username nexium !
username advair the generic form of singulair
hehehe ba-na-na! username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i went to the doctor last week and got prescribed more lamictal to make sure i don't go manic over the summer. hashtag mania hashtag bipolar
there's a reason doctors call gabapentin 'the wonder drug'. the world's most powerful non narcotic pain killer.;) hyperlink
username sorry to hear about that. the right dose of synthroid will fix you right up. keep making them tweak it until they get it right.
is this the top of the hill? have i started the journey over it? is this the beginning of the end? (anyone know when tamiflu kicks in?)
trlpc: exelon to launch $7.2b bridge next week
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
username fluoxetine me gusta
username next time your at the pharmacy ask how much an advair costs without insurance. then tell me again about excessive. ;-)
username been on victoza for about 2 mths my levels have dropped from over 100 to 55!! dr was so pleased i'm really happy too :)
username the duloxetine is meant to be the alternative. i'm willing to try anything tbh. i've been asking for acupuncture for years
but i would use it if i were asleep on quetiapine and had to wake up quickly in an emergency. i hate stimulants. }8-€
username when i was at $mrk, family's monthly hc tab was ~$40. and we still had zocor, fosamax, singulair, vioxx (for a bit)...
every patient with hcc getting chemo/radioembolization at username gets sorafinib if tolerable -rony avritscher md hashtag sirfsp
username i'll switch my evening dose to morning and let the seroquel deal with the symptoms hahahaha :)
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
username i think so, but you can give them 1/4 or 1/2 an imodium tablet. depending on size of the dog.
username username your fave vioxx is in there. flushed face
viagraaa? what? haha username username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
yo, who got that adderall hookup for saturday??
hashtag antiepileptic moa : 1/ block na channels : phenytoin , carbamazepine , lamotrigine  2/ block ca channels: valporic acid username
trazodone sleep aid is the best medicine ever invented
corrected - sun pharma gains on u.s. fda approval of bone drug: (in feb 19 story, corrects name of drug to boniva from bovina in second...
username i do not believe bananas contain fluoxetine (ssri in prozac). they may contain dopamine or serotonin, which fluoxetine works on.
username it's been like that for a while, u either needed a prescription or card stating you needed it. ventolin is now becoming outdated
username hahaha! darlene eats nexium like it's a vitamin.
username have you tried cimzia? was on remicade for 1.5 yrs, humira 2 mos, moving on to cimzia was curious of your thoughts
$isis asm crooke: kynamro injection site reactions modest and some people are bothered by them, with apociiirx it is very mild.
thur username username most effective [flu] drugs are tamiflu relenza. tamiflu = genentech/roche relenza = gsk hashtag shill
that victoza diabetes commercial has too many side effects mentioned. yikes
username username anti tnf + denosumab ok, but what about the cost ?
j vickery giving a birds eye view username cci seminar of username international work: instrumental in linking diclofenac to vulture declines
once again....my ventolin saves me hashtag thankyoulord
is it just me, or is pregabalin being most heavily marketed?
username (the lunesta sex of the lesbian couple on grey's anatomy comes to mind)
username forget haldol. we are going straight to the depot preparation of geodon
latuda is easily the worst prescription drug name yet. also side effects are crazy: don't drink grapefruit juice or you'll die.
thanks 4rt username possible lawsuit: saxagliptin marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr side effects: saxagliptin marketed as...
oomf need latuda username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” over-dozing..
username antara hasutan munafik.... we get confused beyond our wits
at time of tysabri approval, few other options for treating multiple scelorosis none as effective. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
rt username vyvanse and adderall should be advertised and sold as a pill for cleaning.
username i was thinking this whole time how you were gonna try to go with all that oxycodone in your system
you don't want to prescribe tramadol for the guy on citalopram, gabapentin and linezolid.. codeine will do? hashtag pharmacyaprilfools
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
how many people are fully aware that they pushed the drug cymbalta for depression, it didn't work, now its a pain medication. no. it's not.
username depends on the biologic - can use the. 5 1/2 lives rule, enbrel wait 2-3 weeks then wait 2 weeks. others may be longer
study of blood clot drug pradaxa unnerved its maker, documents suggest
tysabri infusion time. so grateful my employer-sponsored health plan covers this life-altering ms drug. hyperlink
vyvanse is wearing off and i still have another chapter to do. confused face  hashtag itsgonnabealongnight
username kau yg pilih tp/? antara my everything dan almost is never enough by ariana grande
remember to keep a spare ventolin in your bag for emegencies.
username username username ive chngd frm zonisamide to lacosamide and nt doing the job yet but we will see! so will u. :-)
let me be your fiend, you be my nicotine.
dehydrated. -.- 100caps loperamide pls? :'(
nice non committal on anti-neuropathic s. pregabalin off patent soon. damage was done with previous guidelines. cost pct millions.
username yeah, fluoxetine but it doesn't help much
finally got my symbicort -thanks jps!!
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
med rec tech: the patient didn't know what dose of paxil she took so i just put down 10mg me: um, no
alright, i'm taking my haldol/trazodone cocktail, putting on another movie and heading off to dreamland. good night fuckers.
the dozes of ventolin and symbicort i had since yesterday&gt;&gt; unhealthy
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
fart president's day. ah, ding ding snail pogcorn cinni ventolin hfa seo poo goo asscreed senioritis george washington donald trump
took me two hours to finish that exam. holy shit adderall
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
bright side of taking omeprazole daily is i could totally get high off of loperamide if i were desperate and hated breathing
username yup. duct tape and geodon or haldol and ativan and leather restraints. just kidding on the duct tape hashtag crazynursemeasures
username username username username username username username yea doc changed me from nexium to protonix (now find out
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username i was gonna get switched out to pristiq but why fix it if it aint broken
username freezing at ibrox today warmed up by miss bonova signing my pics hyperlink
waiting at the neurologist office for my follow up, now that i've been on aubagio for over a month.
i think victoza breaks the record for longest commercial. lordy. hashtag cnn
rt username recent hashtag diabetes drug launches: $lly/bi's tradjenta, $bmy/azn's onglyza, $nvo's victoza, $jnj's invokana hashtag ada2013 hyperlink
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
hashtag researchstudy hashtag drug for rheumatoid arthritis called tofacitinib citrate spurs hair growth in hashtag bald men --&gt; best hashtag baldnews in decades !!! :p
cold beer diarrhea gilenya don't know what type souvenir las vegas pimples would like to know some correctol bulb. you crestor
username that may change of course when my ativan and lamictal kicks in this morning....nah, probably not
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
my life would be so much easier if i was prescribed to vyvanse
if paxil had been available in the 13th century, genghis kahn might not of been such a hoarder.
doc: we tried xanax me:didn't work d:prozac m:nada d:lorazepam m: zip d: it can only mean one thing m: ??? d: you're just an natural asshole
username cipro levaquin and avelox is more like an atomic bomb in the body and all other fluoroquinolones. it happens to millions
username better now. well, back to the usual. i'm impressed with how the symbicort has almost eliminated her coughing.
cranky me snarling at the januvia commercial: look at these grown-ass adults on friggin seesaws. been *that* kind of day.
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
i sat next to a group of frat stars on a train and i learned for college: 1. take a lot of vyvanse 2. be drunk all the time 3. handjobs suck
fuckin viagra and apixiban commercials during the hashtag alcs .. baller marketing
i've been feeling good all week. i'm taking 300mg of wellbutrin and abilify in the morning and 150mg of wellburtin and trazodone at night.
literally couldn't work out a solid way to get out of that stuff. it was just a complete nightmare. meridia in general is seriously tough
sildenafil works fine rt username i may have a serious weakness problem fam. sigh.
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
weezer sponsored by advair = nothing username username username
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
drank my grandma's drink which i thought was just grapefruit juice only to find out it was mixed with a dosage of miralax eyes
come on diclofenac work your little magic fingers
username happy mothers day to you also! my son has been doing very well. it's enbrel night for him also. disappointed face
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
username you are a fake@avivadrescher it takes 2 hands to dispense advair med inhaler. not 1hand w a pinkie up. i do have asthma so i know.
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hashtag abilify. suits me well.
just ordered so much loperamide that the pharmacist had to come over and check with me that the doctor had got it right. hashtag jpouch username
i have metformin tummy today :-(
username nexium every day...works wonders.
username i should've known. here, have a lozenge. ;)
y'all seen that victoza commercial with dominique wilkins? hilarious! hashtag toomanysideeffects
let's overdose on trazodone, and let it all fade away
anybody kno a doctor that'll prescribe me 5000 adderall blunts
how did i miss this gem the first time through ad season 4? you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial.
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
username yeah i am no one wants to hang out with me i'm home alone :( i ain't got no life i ain't got no job, just cymbalta
anyone else crazi like me n take effexor?? lmao no joke tho hit me asap hashtag ocdproblems
username she might be floxed-cipro avelox levaquin give these side effects and drs. are clueless and psychiatric and physical sym.
username tht all for my hypermobility. calcium due to oestepenie.symbicort ventolin uniphylim carbosteine for asthma. waitn on rheumy
site update: media for elizabeth in a pristiq commercial
it does sound ironic if either way you would have to spend your money on the woman you love.. even in the form of prozac!
wish i had it in ecuador rt username always get cipro b4 travel but never had to use it, not even in mexico! username  hashtag travelskills
my sroke is effient
top 5 gim papers 2013: apixaban great, mediterranean diet awesome, change practice for pt safety,easy on the transfusions/steroids hashtag csim2013
this throat lozenge tastes like sambucca vom
lunesta now neutral face expressionless face
vishal salunkhe: glucose-stimulated insulin secretion is reduced after treatment with rosuvastatin calcium. hashtag easd2014 hyperlink
username username username just thalidomide that why parts of him have stunted growth.
either i need to go on ditropan and that fixes it or i need to go on ditropan and get the surgery
hashtag unpopularopinion cymbalta doesn't help
username or withdrawals anymore. i don't plan on staying on suboxone for longer than 4-6 months. i plan on weening myself off until i'm...
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
brand is wrong here. suboxone and methadone should be continued until the patient's social capital can allow him to go to abstinence
username she's on prozac and has a weight problem. she's also a socialist.
i gat a taste for hashtag cymbalta all these commercial they shown
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
username anyone had vimpat medication x and ur opinion on it please
fluoxetine may facilitate brain plasticity. hashtag pas2013
username took it years ago, it was ok. currently on pristiq, which is an effexor...derivative? or somehow related? love it!
what i learned from hashtag americanhustle ... men in the 70's were well dressed and in to fashion and coke is like adderall
username oh, no! enough fluticasone to ruin a perfectly good oikos? or are you a chobani fan?
a fishy albuterol perfume and nihilistic clam undertones are united in the 1994 red zinfandel from nerf winery. hashtag abscbntradelaunch
fosamax or alendronate is for osteoporosis. take in the morning. without food. kbai
username i almost switched to vyvanse, but my doctor i decided that since i'm already used to the adderall (&amp; it's working well),
username adderall had me telling my life story to a deaf person the next daniel tosh omg 2 funy brenden.o? weary cat face weary cat face
prediction: in the us there will be massive tamiflu shortages and soon, even if you never had the shot, my strong fucking advice:get one
apixaban v warfarin in atrial fib...today's pressing issue.
my vyvanse is bout to be my best friend tomorrow
10 longs years since vioxx was pulled from the market. that stuff was pretty amazing if you're not picky about heart damage.
*that awkward moment when a guy accidentally pulls out your nuvaring
username username vioxx was fast-tracked and it killed a half million people.
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
sildenafil black ant
in conclusion, esomeprazole 40 mg provides more effective acid control than twice the standard dose of omeprazole. username
username you're actually a fucking bunch of down syndrome thalidomide victims, sort your servers out for fuck sake
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
kv diary: 4/26/14 8:06am 116 lbs 2 slices of toast (dog ate crust) 1 pristiq 24 1/2 hrs since last cry
hashtag medicine: effective treatments available for hashtag hiv patients not eligible for efavirenz regimens
perjanjian tak rasmi antara family: no gf until 1st salary belanja parents and secure a house.
hashtag id now: effective treatments available for hiv patients not eligible for efavirenz regimens
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
humira might cause cancer... i'd rather suffer with psoriasis.
a cocktail of prozac and vodka just to feel something, anything other than this numbness
username p adalberto mejia gets 50 game suspension for testing positive for sibutramine
holy shit oregon covers the cost of advair what a scam
username think i am to pumped on acetaminophen, diphenhydramine, paracetamol, codeine. ibuprofen diclofenac potassium to drink beer.
if one was to cold turkey off pregabalin (lyrica) from 200 mg per day to umm nothing, what could one expect? no telling off please.
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
bettaney.  some time earlier. 6.23am.  23-24 lower marsh street london se1 7rj olanzapine. (disorientated) arranges face.
username username might want to slip a few crestor in there few little slices on the top slip em in
trazodone to the rescue sleeping face
the price of uranium went up ! compare alternate heating power sources.nuclear is more effient as many countries use it 4 power. pay up...
waiting for trazodone to kick in!
username had shrink last wk, back on olanzapine so been sleeping better,which helps! i love sleeping,me!! *kidstvpresenterstylesmile*
//*drags hissing meridia to a corner* no. stop you. be good while i shower// no promises.. //you get to make a big deal about alvrad...//
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hashtag sewing
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
tonight on 'girls:' shoshanna finds out she's been in haim; marnie gets discovered as the saddest face in nyc; jessa abuses boniva
will crestor make me act like the crestor guy?
username username family members who've had a milder form of the virus started imodium at first sign of symptoms. not me though.
using advair copd
username naloxone and suboxone to name just two, both in short supply in the english regions.
you go in a ho's fridge and see a nuvaring next to the sunny d and know you ain't using no rubber that night
oxycodone was my fav pill ;)  hashtag wisdomteeth hashtag fatface hyperlink
username gabapentin helped me loads w/the sensory overload thing, btw
getting a boniva is not as hard as getting a boner.  hashtag oldpeoplesexfacts
running on 2 dayquil, 1 cup of oj, 2 cups of coffee and a halls lozenge. it's not even 10:30. futile attempts to keep my body going.
$regn: regeneron pharms beats by $0.54, beats on revs; raises eylea us net sales forecast. long $regn boom!
username fluoxetine. they should kick in in about 3/4 weeks.
trying a lunesta free night
i love you symbicort and flonase! especially during the fall and winter months.
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
sophomores wanting suboxone and doing them are going no where in life lol and a heads up to sophomores only tale 1/4 or you will projectile
amount of men on tadalafil tho....ds life...
reason 2 prepare risotto milanese rt username saffron has antidepressant effects like prozac - increases serotonin 2 brain hashtag cooking
la viox is great! cherry blossom  hashtag bgt
username i did as well but doctor said humira was my first shot. surgery next if doesn't go well, then remicade.
i'm really hoping some oxycodone scotch will help me better tolerate the asteroid size kidney stone making its way to my urethra anxious face with sweat loudly crying face
username just a case: permanent af in icd-biv (refractory to amio/numerous ecv) &gt; ranolazine for angina &gt; sr within one month (carelink)
nebulizer time. again. this just won't stop. may end up in the damm hospital if this keeps up. inhaler not helping, advair not sure
my google searches today were: pizza hut, paxil, beth moore studies, and slot machines hashtag summer2013
hashtag merck looses appeal to israeli s.ct over hashtag alendronate hashtag patent; ct affirms patent registrar and lower court; affirms total costs of ~$140k
groggy zimmer unsure day of bears game: i didn’t get enough sleep last night. that lunesta did not work. here comes ambien box. hashtag vikings
username lexapro ruins everything. pristiq is much better.
username i'm ok ty have an official diagnosis of bipolar now, feeling ok at the moment lamotrigine has been increased having monotherapy:/
can't find my flovent inhaler confounded face weary face
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
does anybody have an opinion, based on clinical experience, on metformin in hashtag autism and hashtag fragilex ?
username hopefully type 2 and metformin will help
username mine kicks in when symbicort wears off morning night. i'm so confused, i'm not asthmatic!
username flovent winter comfort food, all the comfort but not too many calories... dumpling depending..
utilities trade very well lately, exelon $exc to a new 2 year high today. love the dividends.
congratulations to the ranexa team for being awarded two best in benchmark awards for digital performance in 2013!! hyperlink
username username it's bronchitis. antibio levaquin for 5 days should take care of it. it did last year.
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
in the other large study, the metoprolol in myocardial infarction (miami)...
username 2 death threats wow...cymbalta can help
username username tums ain't gonna cut it for what i got planned. i started taking nexium today.
rosuvastatin treatments particularly effective among prediabetic patients hyperlink
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
i need some prozac after last episode of hashtag gameofthrones
great photo! thanks username for your support and thanks username for all your contribution to the thalidomide survivor campaign
cold and flu tablets, ibuprofen, sore throat lozenge and olbas oil to help me with this god damn cold :(
does anyone take fluoxetine and know if taking 2 pills vs 1 would help with a severe depression episode? it's within the safe limit but...
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
username haha i'm maintained on esomeprazole so pweds pa yan
username wow that's crazy! they told u it's nothing to worry about? never been on remicade. on humira had some dumb side effects tho
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
username username my results were negative said they seen a lot of negative w/ flu mocking symptoms but no tamiflu
play corn hole w my nuvaring and your tongue hhahahruskajsjs
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
i hate nightmares! hashtag scary hashtag gayboyproblems hashtag paxil
when the doc gives you an injection of antibiotics, and a prescription for cipro, you know you should be on your way.
rt username results of amplify trial showing benefits of hashtag apixaban presented today at hashtag isth2013 meeting in amsterdam where i have b…
fyi: i've got sore eyes and i'm using this levofloxacin 3x a day. eye drops, why is this such a challenge? i just kept missing -_-
sooooo i just went in my mama room to get a tylenol for this headache... yeah not paying attention grab the oxycodone instead hushed face
first week ni antara kelas cancel or kelas dismiss awal. smirking face
my dad has been on namenda for four days. funny i forgot what that drug is for.
username i don't know that it's much different, i just thought they were very similar and pregabalin was newer and preferred.
username sitting home with the flu now. started tamiflu yesterday. am i (reasonably) immune now for the rest of the season?
study: combination of varenicline and nicotine patch best way to quit smoking
username username username username username fuckin hell jo.  get some imodium
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
$eln tysabri will be around for very long time. optimistic about trial. will add 20% ex us. biib plans for other ind ex ms.
some people need to get on latuda !
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
i just read neurontin ingredients. your basically using iron to absorbe or disrupt electrical impulses in the brain.@loveline
gripe diovan horse ebooks of the second level in goatees and hamburgers. a deviated septum follow him too. armani defenseless. i like
old enough to remember protesting about thalidomide as a student. too old to properly recall what naive times i grew up in.
username i live at around a pain level 6-7 on oxycontin 40 mg/day, topamax 150 mg, cymbalta 60 mg. i get down to pain free when i take
since i don't really believe in adderall i amp myself up on caffeine and pseudo ... like fuck i can't feel my heart
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
username username i am, actually! think we caught it early, so the tamiflu will work it's magic. that a 2 hrs nap this afternoon :)
once a month writing happens with an iv in my arm and tysabri pumping into my arm. hashtag multiplesclerosis  hashtag amwriting hyperlink
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
dabigatran prolongs the aptt more than rivaroxaban. rivaroxaban prolongs the pt more than dabigatran.
rp argues if hashtag elan believes tysabri is worth $6.1bn to $6.6bn - why did they sell the rights to biogen for almost half the value? hashtag zing
i got told by a bodybuilder to take 50mg of sildenafil citrate before my gym session and boy it worked for me great session awesome pump xxx
username awright. i took a bunch of my fluoxitine today and im rully happy ^.^
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
getting suboxone ads on a crossword website. what does google know about me that i don't?
username this is a counter to efavirenz from the username new treatment guideline. but if this works, quite good then… cheers
some damn cymbalta and a fifth of jack.
username username her bp had been controlled on amlodipine, now it's being very well controlled on amlodipine 2.5 mg metoprolol xl 25 mg.
took some seroquel last night just woke up feelin dime piece
true story: li'l baby lozenge woke up crying and the clock said 4:20 a.m., so i thought of you guys.
rt username vyvanse will be the only thing getting me thru tomorrow... hashtag cantsleep weary face
username who feels personally victimized my cassi viox hyperlink
drugs in the fluoroquinolone class:ciprofloxacin, gatifloxacin, gemifloxacin, levofloxacin, moxifloxacin norfloxacin; risk for kidney pbms
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
username i have some anti depressants, temazepam anti anxiety if they will do?!?!
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
username is it possible for you to put in me contact via twitter with users who are latuda users for bipolar? i am really struggling.
username the nexium and excedrin trade is something i can totally get behind.
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
rt username lilly pleads ignorance: not aware of any confirmed cases mt username fda probes 2 zyprexa deaths hyperlink
username currently on metformin and want to try a carb free diet for two weeks .. is it best to take metformin whilst on this diet ?
username ya i'm on both victoza and invokana. i take .9 of victoza, you?
i'm still confused about why that doctor yesterday was so annoyed that my re prescribed metformin and ob prescribed synthroid?
morgan stanley on ranbaxy: co waiting to monetise 180-day exclusivity for generic nexium
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
username my consciousness obnoxious when im off a suboxone
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
username username username yup. but pfizer's pre-launch forecast for lipitor? $1bn peak year sales… exubera was a badly launched drug
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
if youre wondering what my last tweet means, it says depression hurts, take cymbalta.
username the imodium worked.
torrent pharma: receives us fda approval for hypertension drug telmisartan
saw the new symbicort commercial. the furries are taking over
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
please gimme some adderall i'm havin trouble concentratin, hypnotized me, mastered the art of captivatin
everyone get ready for the exelon promo in 10 minutes
username stopping effexor is probably good but not suddenly! xxx
username username when i was constantly taking ventolin in university bathrooms, i wanted to know if there were other students like me :p
someone should come over bc i took an adderall and now i need someone to talk to about my life choices bc i'm going crazy grimacing face
over-the-counter flonase allergy relief approved: the fda has approved over-the-counter flonase allergy relief, or fluticasone propio...
simon cowell caca handika horse ebooks in eddie bauer. edify diamond wrong way head clump fetish bitpagos symbicort alice cooper
depression hurts, cymbalta can help. jk. cymbalta doesn't do shit except put a gun in your hand
im so bored i read a whole 50pg british english style manual and all the wikipedia pages about thalidomide
seeing xarelto ad while laying in bed. nightmares. username hyperlink
username understood anyone that hangsout w my sister would be as big of an asshole as she is i dont diet on adderall fuck all of uu bye
fycompa addresses big unmet need - refractory partial-onset seizures - yet g-ba doesn't recognise additional benefit by its own definition
why can't vyvanse last longer than 6 hours for me hashtag ineedyounow #70mgnotenough!!!!!!!!!!!!
nexium judge not giving defendants directed verdict now, but clearly leaning in their direction.
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
rimonabant a great example of the need for increased specificity in treatments: cut appetite but led to suicides. dr. kendall hashtag iceendo2014
latuda side effects include increased prolactin levels, aka leaking nipples. nooooope.
username username lyrica already used linca to inaugurate uni. unless i have a catastrophic error however, lyrica is still an amateur.
this---&gt; mental illness is so much more complicated than any pill that any mortal could invent.” ― elizabeth wurtzel, prozac nation
i might even have to go back on humira if i've developed antibodies in my liver to the infliximab. but, one step at a time, right? :)
dudes taking metformin who don't need it: you're reading too much username stop it.
bisphosphonates (alendronate, etidronate, risedronate, iv zoledronic acid): take on empty stomach with water, gi, altered taste, onj
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
rt username pam analysis of eliquis review docs shows approval delayed by fraud, dispensing errors in pivotal trial [free] hyperlink
one month from today. i will be 29 years old. sooooo olddddd. time for my boniva and walker.
told bro i was 19 and just getting off a suboxone program and he was like 'u go hard bruh'
oh my god. it's 5:19am and i am just now realizing that i accidentally took a vyvanse at 11pm... that explains why i can't sleep.
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
tuberculosis bbq sauce zostavax make money new orleans square measles potter and barack obama sherina munaf bitcoin mining fart
oxycodone i could really use some
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
zelnorm (reg) is effective in repeated treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation, landmark zensaa trial shows - medical news
my diet consists of chugging a quart of miralax 12 hours before i plan to step on the bathroom scale
news: solid q1 growth for glenmark as it awaits india sitagliptin verdict
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
the many moods of fluoxetine. hyperlink
username username , it's time to stop trying to be the hip mom. start taking boniva to protect your hip, mom.
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
ranbaxy laboratories -gets usfda nod for valsartan: agencies alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
almost took ciprofloxacin instead of naproxen by accident. very different things...very similar bottle...very different outcomes. hashtag smooth
username opana is the correct answer. methadone &gt; suboxone anyway. not that i would know
username orange: porridge, marriage, lozenge, courage, pwnage, ownage, iceage, hair singe, storage, old age, arrange
in search of a tutor and more time or adderall
hashtag shakespearemisheard richard iii on depression: now is the winter of our discontent, made glorious summer by olanzapine.
so i just accidentally asked izzy for adderall instead of advil so that's how my day is going...
username the clinical trial studying pts on exubera has been ongoing for many years without any adverse findings.
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username popped a vyvanse.. im cleaning. wooo!
username first, find out what the blimpy burger situation is. then we'll talk. don't want all my crestor to go waste this fall.
exam week!! adderall 30 xr for sale lmfao
username as an id specialist i used to dream of new anti tb regimen&amp;ever resisted moxifloxacin mono-therapy for cap by pulmonologists.
username iq2if username they discuss our future how they manage us. not decades, but centuries in the future.give us alcohol prozac
barner on pradaxa court cases: we are convinced that bi has acted correctly the correctness of our actions will be confirmed hashtag biapc
if antidepressants cause suicidal thoughts, then i'm going to start handing out paxil during traffic jams...
username username sounds like you need diclofenac or diazepam. i use diclofenac and it's brilliant.
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
if you were me would you take a vyvanse right now so you could clean your room and remain alert when you go out tonight?
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
damn it now gotta go down to fracking store 2 get question answered beware couldn't get my prozac filled 4 couple of days!!!!!
denosumab=xgeva (translation for the non-medical people) ... biphosphonates = boniva etc. hashtag sabcs13
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
morningstar stockinvestor's tortoise portfolio dumps stake in exelon $exc, initiates position in petsmart $petm
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
symbicort sounds like it makes you worse, not better.
any given night i still pop that pussy like a prozac grinning squinting face
username i'm on simponi at the moment and have also been on humira. is enbrel injections?
mt username $mrk says januvia shows no evidence of pancreatic toxicity, defends dpp-4 class at the diabetes/pancreas workshop in nih
username username if your looking for a different form nuvaring is really good *exits mentions*
username adderall is a hell of a drug
foto a fishy albuterol flavor and flippant cherry flavors are mixed in the 1996 pinot noir from chateau merde. bitches
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
username username it's almost as if all that varenicline cash filtering through is making tobacco controllers more aggressive.
rcp 3 questions, saba 200 doses of ventolin per year markers of control
due my tysabri infusion on wed really flaggin now! hashtag donein
today marks one year suboxone free hashtag proud
i'm glad i still have some cipro.
gwyneth paltrow was in the highest grossing film of 2013, while her mother does prolia commercials.
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day10
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
username username eat it, get ripped but end up with a thumb like a thalidomide hashtag prnightmare hashtag thumbortoe what is that fucking chode?!
username is the fluoxetine blue?
username hope you manage to sleep. and don't have to stay on lunesta too long x
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
username i favor caution/moderation for any habit. years ago, they thought cocaine, trad. cigs, thalidomide were safe. jury still out.
$lly type 2 diabetes: findings presented from retrospective analysis of pooled data examining linagliptin in african-american adults
username uhh...viibryd? it's rather new, which is why i can't have it yet. my doctor has to tell my insurance to let me.
some y'all on my tl must be miserable, cymbalta can help.
final week before i take a short class break. 60 credits, awesome. about to move back into stocks, abroad of course. crestor was my lastlook
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
username i use xopenex (?) for that reason. way less crazy-inducing for me.
will this ezogabine drug remove hashtag alcoholism as a leading preventable causes of death after smoking and obesity??
username i went, he gave me my quetiapine, then i left and he didn't say anything so :)
have had an increase in hashtag migraines recently just found out my hashtag thyroid levels are low. endo is bumping the synthroid up arrow a bit. hashtag comorbidity
username username for anyone who has a problem wishing hardness, i find sildenafil works wonders
username what inhaler is she on . i moved to symbicort and my asthma has virtually disappeared
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
username nicotine , rocket fluid , bitch get it tf together ,”dont forgot cat piss yummm
username ongoing phase 3 trials of bortezomib + r-chop in dlbcl hashtag lymsm  hashtag ash14
-___- tried to call in a two doe my synthroid apparently im out so i have to go to the doctor which is gonna take 2 weeks...
username i's was just about to text you to ask you if you tried diclofenac for your shoulder...because i's in pain.
and sutter east bay medical group now claims i owe 1200 and that tysabri will cost me $500+ month- after saying it would be free.
cardioselective beta blockers: beta blockers acting exclusively at myocardium betaxlol acebutelol esmolol atenolol metoprolol hashtag nclex...
username haha i ran out of that i'm glad! made me feel awful! i'm going on gabapentin soon!
rt username no lozenge, throat spray or what-not will improve the health of your voice as much as good technique, sleep + hydratio…
username i had it last week. get an rx for tamiflu asap! it really helped a lot.
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
wow that's the 4th cough lozenge i've had today. i hate life
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
$arna if u guys dont know the side effect on chemical of fenfluramine + phentermine = do research on this topic folks - u will see why!
kompetisinya antara lain: 1. singing competition 2. if i wanna be (essay competition) 3. instadream
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
username gabapentin for her nerve pain. y'all must've been getting on her nerves
patient asks whether revlimid and velcade hinder harvest of stem cells for a possible second stem cell transplant hashtag mcinvancouver
mfw every actor in the victoza for type 2 hashtag diabetes commercial is smiling obese. thus perpetuating the myth; all you need are drugs.
i mean who really cares about thalidomide and more to the point why will a fact sheet on it benefit me
hey look its that chick in the boniva commercials!!!!
exercising vigorously for 30-minutes three times a week is just as effective as paxil and zoloft in relieving symptoms of major depression.
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
the first piano note in this pristiq commercial always makes me think blood on the leaves about to play
watt: transitioning lt recipients with dm from insulin to oral metformin after hospital d/c should be pursued to comply with recs hashtag liver14
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
for some reason i don't associate lunesta with 'one of the most successful drugs ever to come down the pike'
username zach viox started a fencing club at elder
username username anthe antara
username does she take a regular albuterol inhaler or even have anything prescribed? i've had advair that i would take once a day.
username username cipro is a potentially crippling poison--as are the others in its class. you're smart to run the other direction!
username i wanted remicade n so does my gi but dumb insurance says must try humira probably cheaper.
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
username username and some imodium
i gotchu miralax micah face blowing a kiss
username username well, the difference is that olmesartan controls hypertension in many pts when valsartan fails.not incremental
username sorry lansoprazole or nexium usually neutralizes the acid and allows the ulcer heal.
username geodon is amazing
i need some lunesta up in this bitch
username i'm on insulin metformin rampril and statins
so the commercial for victoza spends 5 seconds on what it is and then a good 90 seconds going over side effects....
username like shaking the hand of a native american flipper baby from the old thalidomide days
there he is, ladies and gentlemen. the bane of maridia himself. username hyperlink
i'm sick so i had a difflam lozenge and now my tongue is numb and i'm on tv aaahhhhhh
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
decent ga undandi ante spprt cheyatam ledu antara lolzx funny and pity on him face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
tonight's cal defense is sponsored by lunesta
i need an ambien, a lunesta or sumtin
username so sorry to hear that, man. effexor suuucks.
username diclofenac is prescription anti-inflamm i think. did hospital not give you anything? arnica tablets also good for bruising/swell
when i'm angry i craft, clean, or organize... remember the trazodone and bed i mentioned earlier? yeah i'm crafting now...
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
taking 5 hour energy as a placebo for adderall to see if that helps me get this damn thing done. but i dont think im supposed to know, so...
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
oh. not feeling alright? rt username drug username chemical substance? rt username imodium to the rescue”
i can hold my head high without fear of brittle bones thank you boniva
username i have some friends that have helped me learn to relax. they're names are klonopin, ativan, xanax, valium, restoril to name a few.
username some fluoxetine should help lol
username username been on metformin may ask to go back on it with slimming world x
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
username lmao i love my nuvaring
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
hey not sleeping. hashtag hotflashes hashtag menopause hashtag effexor
$eln orval's expanding the market and tysabri best drug for its indication. biib now incentive to position tysabri for current indication.
username managed to get diclofenac last time, but naproxen actually better for me. brace lifesaver.
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
checking in w/my psych today increasing my lamictal dosage.hopefully this is my last adjustment for awhile.hopefully. hashtag bipolar hashtag pregnancy
hashtag drunk hashtag addict hashtag weed opiates dont affect me but...: i've taken vicodin (30 mg at once) and oxycodone (40 mg at once... call 888-656-0067
username no sweat. januvia is basically useless anyway. ooooh. a 0.4 reduction in a1c with perfect adherence. such a breakthrough.
exelon is working on another merger! does that mean we should expect another huge market manipulation settlement or no ferc approval???
if i hear that song by pink fun. one more time i am going to put an entire bottle of trazodone into a milkshake, drink it accept my fate
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
[central] govt cannot shy away from the fact that we're the most effient part of the public sector says sir merrick hashtag rewiringwm
username for example, synthetic activated factors x (xa) inhibitors. apixaban is an example of the drug. so u describe that drug under
i'm the perfect mixture of hatred, vodka and nicotine.
username username i’m only t-rex when i’m mad. the rest of the time i get called kangaroo or thalidamide baby.
*pops in a throat lozenge* so, you babes like magic: the gathering or what.
hashtag pavosic used bid in patients with neuropathic pain taking lyrica alone or with cymbalta: no adverse events were observed in these patients.
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username why are you up?! do you need a lunesta
amir shahkarami, ceo exelon nuclear partners and wna board member at nuclear power plant summit, istanbul hyperlink
you are 2 time more likely to quit smoking on varenicline than buproprion, comparatively
rt username even when i have nothing to do i feel like i should take my vyvanse so i don't feel so worthless hashtag unproductive hashtag vyvanse…
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
the repositioning layout is crazy mediating up defending facts lozenge chattels only denouncement unorganized d...
i've been free of nicotine for... 7 months? hashtag congratulationstome
feels so good to finally have a real day off. my body needs to catch up. also was w/o enbrel for a wk, joints are so stiff hashtag arthritis hashtag ra
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
pain syndrome? meds like gabapentin may help. the experts are the patients and numbers of pain syndrome may be higher. hashtag asbrs hashtag bcsm
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
fibro question: who has been on the drug merry-go round? (vicodin to lyrica to elavil to lunesta to cymbalta to lexipro on and on.)
oxycodone and redds.
who approved this creative? what grandfather would talk about copd or his medications with a young grandchild??? hashtag symbicort
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hashtag pleasebeworthit
username i went with the nicotrol inhaler. helped me a lot.
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hashtag preregtips
anyone change from tysabri to aubagio ? how do you find it ?
username username thalidomide is the name of the chemical that causes the affliction, not the affliction itself... :p
can't find my zyprexa tired face weary face  hashtag omg
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
username they need a nuvaring instead of an engagement ring winking face with tongue jk i wish i was married had a baby but the joke opportunity was there
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
somebody pass the cymbalta
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hashtag olanzapine hashtag timetochange hashtag bipolar
when im on adderall i just want to compliment hug everyone
username tadalafil cialis factory in china with high quality and nice price. please contact bob@pharmade.com hyperlink
hashtag twitfrg username there appears to be no ppi cover on her kardex since diclofenac 7/7 post op
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
username a list of lunesta side effects...
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
username diclofenac is what i had, it's a god send.
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
so suboxone chk came bk and apologized. she was like idk y i acted like that, i'm so sorry yall always so nice to me loll
in the eliquis commercial the son shoots like a freakin woman
we're going to try gabapentin and keep the vicoprofen for breakthrough pain. he's so insistent on not giving me anything stronger. argh.
username probably deals miralax
username we often drink a cup of tea with honey and ginger in case of sore throat. having a throat lozenge is also familiar to us.
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
on my way to pick up my $130 tamiflu prescription (seriously?) putting the f u in influenza. hyperlink
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
username username crl followed 2 overwhelming positive panel votes in 2010: $vrx potiga 13-0, $azn brilinta 7-1.
username hi siva. i'm on a very high dose of gabapentin but still get lots of pain in my feet i also get the burning sensation in my legs
username fluoxetine its the generic stuff for prozac
feel like crap and i have misplaced the last of my paroxetine… don't get more until friday. fuck.
if the hashtag raiders ever get a new stadium, i think either rolaids, tums or nexium should get naming rights for the heartburn the team causes.
username used to be a time this team had a since imodium pride. those days are long gone. feel sorry for jamaal wasting his career in kc.
username i could give you some miralax for the same effect.
laura crowley i would like to know how much neurontin it takes to stop the pain from the hug?
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
username nexium bro.... it's a fucking miracle cure
username will add pristiq to my list if username does not renew hashtag batb for season 3 hashtag chooseussavebatb. thx for sponsoring ads!
i gotta go rt username shit mad sexy when a honey takes out her nuvaring in front of you right before you bouta beat.
username username gotta tell you eric i love and enjoy you but i have seen your heart broken so many times on the soapsi i need prozac.
so today i took some tums and the 7 year old i babysit says you should really try nexium or zantac, they work better
impotence young women what dose does viagra come in tadalafil tablets ranbaxy
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
not even adderall can force me to pay attention to us history right now..
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
i'm saying that and my drugs of choice are nicotine and caffeine, which are both already legal. hashtag bazinga
i'm really, really putting off taking my first dose of quetiapine... *sigh*
username probably just my shit lungs, i took a nurofen and like 8 puffs of ventolin lol
username username plan is to get diclofenac gel when back to hotel.
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
username you need prozac. hyperlink
all i want to do is fall face down in a mountain of all of my favorite foods but here i am choking down miralax infused gatorade
gamma-aminobutyric acid is an inhibitory neurotransmitter which helps to control aggression and eating. . mine is broken username
caffeine + nicotine username coffe n resto.
someone get me on some rimonabant
depression hurts....cymbalta can help face with tears of joy
username total 6 yrs on humira. been on 2 wkly for the past 3 mos then wkly but 1 shot for a 3 yrs now.
i wish i felt like eating regularly. what is that about? metformin or depression. good thing is i have lost weight despite butter tarts!
shr cannot afford to continue stocking the garage with januvia for both smoke and newman. bye bye newmie hashtag fiscallyresponsible
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
symbicort should be for people, not the cartoon wolves in this commercial. haven't they done enough damage blowing pigs' houses down??
username i think someone's been spraying temazipam 'round here. i'm fookt! xxx
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
school starts right away, but let's place our emphasis on zostavax immunizations instead of childhood immunizations. great job, goofmart.
username i must admit i’m troubled seeing 3yo on symbicort 160. sometimes i feel like the real issue is adherence not ics dose too low
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
username want to join viox
fantastic documentary on bbc2 just now thalidomide 50 year fight.  true human spirit of fighting on despite severe disability.  folded hands
username may want to follow those up with an imodium
username in the person's defense, i have pcos, not diabetes, and for a few months, i took metformin for insulin resistance
yay lyrica to the rescue
how is phil michelson's use of enbrel not doping?
username username username good to meet you agri meeting on monday. thalidomide written declaration 0011 needs signatures
i can't wake up without my vyvanse
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
username username username username username metoprolol tart(no fda 4 hf/sh act/ksa) metoprolol suc (hf) hyperlink
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
i've always been convinced fruit snacks are laced with nicotine. the same goes for fruit roll ups and gushers. they are way too addictive.
the crestor commercial i just saw is plain stupid! all schools teams that use orange blue should sue.
username trazadone or seroquel should be ok - consult a dr. dizzy face
i start metformin tomorrow for my hashtag pcos, wish me luck ....
username username would love to see a brilinta trial in stemi for aps too as well as free heraldsun access.
ge-hitachi wins us$300 million exelon outage services contract for 14 bwrs.
i actually thought that because i was on seroquel for 8 months that i might be able to keep good sleep patterns going when i discontinued it
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
username :-) my new seizure med. lamictal. xxxx
paracetamol , diclofenac and idk what chlorzoxazone is
username username sibutramine i think, which have been abandoned since 3 years
username where were the fda raids with januvia was killing people?
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
plus i'm taking max strength mucinex, sudafed, dextromethorphan, aleve, quercetin, xopenex inhaler... just to feel about 40% better. hashtag solame
username loperamide 2 capsules first take and next intake 1 capsule nalang. :)
abstract o31: improved outcomes on higher vs reduced etanercept dose in hashtag ankylosingspondylitis pts. similar se profile. hashtag rheum2014 ^sl
was feeling crap about my day until i saw this username my week = doctors / tysabri infusion / heart scan / psychologist / surgery.
username do you use any inhalers for your respiratory issues? i used symbicort but switched to dulera. i have albuterol for emergencies.
is high kc handcrafted lozenge inherited?
username it's called miralax
username it was. also discussed harm reduction, buprenorphine alone for chronic pain vs traditional opioids.
username yup i agree on that point. januvia aint getting 7% price increases. no comment on pkan.
pepsi vineyards entangles voluptuous velvet undertones and a hard-to-miss albuterol bouquet in their 2012 pinot noir. hashtag heart
i've lost my prozac, and coincidentally, my will to live.
oh ew remembering shit that i've just travelled far far away to forget. does this mean i should take temazepam again?
too much trazodone.
exelon wind v nelson—5th cir finds dist ct had no smj to hear chal to tex pub util comm order re energy purch; reverses sj re other claims
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
significant expansion of pradaxa label in eu, based on efficacy versus placebo and safety versus warfarin, rather than direct head-to-head
username lunesta is better. i'm guessing it's just not covered enough to get that refreshing sleep. or you could just drink milk.
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
brisdelle just seems like repackaged paxil. paxil was a walking liability. (me thinks) hashtag hopetheyhaveacrisisplan
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” no wonder i love bananas!
username too confident in new copd portfolio? + nasty shock with advair
rimonabant has the exact opposite effects of thc -- such as suppressed appetite and better memory. where can i get this ?
interesting meeting tonight discussing the role of tiotropium in hashtag asthma. two cups of coffee however were a big mistake... flushed face username
just watched the red wedding episode of game of thrones. luckily i have prozac in the form mad men where nothing really happens
hi, i'm experiencing some symptoms you described in your commercial. mostly fatigue. no..i didn't take crestor but-hello? hello?
username username username username same as off diclofenac 100mg tds until settled (usually 2 doses) then wean off. compliant?
filled soooo many tamiflu rx's today! y'all should have gotten the flu shot for your kids! hashtag tired hashtag busyday
most abused prescription drugs by teens, from home: opioids- oxycontin vicodin, depressants-xanax, valium stimulants -concerta, adderall
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
for meridia down on twitter using a computer tomorrow. and then rp some, maybe if my rp partner's up for it. :)
username username pregabalin used to be very popular (therefore banned for prescribing) when i worked in prisons.
username take care of yourself brittany! i'm glad it's nothing worse -- did they give you nexium or something like that?
two patients today, both been on tysabri for four years or so had recent mri's results... no further progression and lesions shrunk !!
am i the only one that thinks the name of that new medication for bipolar depression is funny?: latuda for your attatuda!
shirin abadi: thalidomide only 0.7% in urine but dialysed out clearance doubled also can cause hyperk  hashtag csn14
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hashtag crohns
username however, doubling the dose of oseltamivir (e.g., 150 mg twice daily in adults) has been advocated as an appropriate strategy in t
username username yes, i remember sprs frantically crossing off diclofenac from charts in their patients with renal failure - 'in my day'
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
i have got to get me a bowling ball with a crestor logo on it. hashtag baller
talking to a neurologist in texas last week, clearly enthused about tecfidera in ms. ground level view of that drug is very positive.
username if they did a complete thyroidectomy, he'll be on synthroid for the rest of his life (i'm on that for low thyroid).
hashtag days nov. sweeps prediction: lunesta sales fall in salem after citizens realize it is cheaper to fall asleep after talking with paige.
i woke up feeling slightly similar (worse in my dream). so, i took my ventolin (puff). phew! i thought i was going to die! fearful face astonished face dizzy face  hashtag baddream
username i'm starting eliquis now just in case.
username bourgeois people! leaves and the natural bidet work fine!!! give me levaquin or a friend.
hashtag humira shot hashtag done
pulmonary hypertension &amp;amp; viagra: researchers discover novel mechanisms of sildenafil for ...
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username oh no i might try nuvaring
this nigga dominique wilkins is on a diabetes commercial for victoza hashtag howthathappen
username i've heard wellbutrin zoloft are a lot alike. you taking pristiq now?
username the toxic and poisoning oxycodone pills she takes aren't helping her pain. so there ya go! hashtag potweedcannnabis is natural.
username cause latuda remember we are married now
username mine's not severe, was on risedronate many yrs ago, now comparing zoledronic acid (iv biphosphonate) newest med denosumab (shot)
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
hashtag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
username thank goodness i have lunesta
shall go procure some lunch and take panadol also. in meantime, yes, lyrica does help.
username the psychiatrist put me on effexor. yuck. even though i pretty much lied about having panic attacks and that anxiety was a --
a door opened and banged shut and there was silence. order boniva without prescription buy advair diskus no…
i definitely can't forget my passport and ventolin inhaler!!!!! jfc!
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
on hashtag victoza commercial...don't take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of its ingredients.  hashtag duh hashtag srsly hyperlink
someone needs to get this old fart hockin up his meal at coldwater a throat lozenge hashtag shitsgross hashtag takethatnoise2thehouse
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
upside of doing four xopenex a day is that i haven't been short of breath while merely existing in three days.
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
latuda has to be the worse name choice for a prescription drug
in a numbed snot coma, watching the simpsons (again) and reading kill your friends (yet again). it's like a temazepam party for the alveoli.
ahh lamotrigine, it would be bad not to take you, we'll i could miss a dose, but not several
found some nexium in my scrub pocket. anybody suffer from gerd? i gotchu.
hashtag fmt brandt: protocol in rec. dci: d/c antibiotics 2-3 days before, colon prep night before, loperamide before procedure.
username i use vimpat with keppra. it has made my tc's better, but haven't noticed much change in partials. still upping the dose!
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
yeah, self esteem, peer pressure and people being overly pushy was not as much of an issue until i was given geodon by weber human when i
i hate metformin pill
rt username dhen bune there's no shortage of medicines ey. username pls rt hashtag ehlakin beys hoadhaadheebala. hashtag sto hashtag rivotril hashtag baclofen …
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
username username oh shit i have a blue inhailer a purple inhailer and spiriva smoked for 50 years worked in bad places too
[dr. reddy's laboratories ltd.] announces the launch levalbuterol inhalation solution
victoza commercial is like 90 seconds of side effects and warnings.
username i’ve used a ventolin maybe 6 puffs in the last 10 years. i’ve had three or four today.
omfg saphris is by far the worst pill ever
not your casework's emtricitabine
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
fluoxetine is shit my doctor is shit, i know what tablets i need but he won't give them to me ugh
latuda sound ghetto as fuck, i wouldn't take that medicine lls
i wish i had an endless supply of advair and inhalers
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
metformin won't directly cause renal failure, but in low egfr can accumulate and cause lactic acidosis. hashtag foam4gp hashtag foamed
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
username _or maybe some once monthly fuckin boniva or somethin. hyperlink
getting cleared for surgery, dentist then tysabri infusion ? i need to go between today tomorrow hashtag longday hashtag msproblems
busy day. starting off with an early morning shot of velcade and ending with a trip to nyc. hashtag livingwithmyeloma hashtag mmsm
i would actually sell my first born for some loperamide and ondansetron right now.
so glad i'm off hashtag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hashtag tip please be carefull w/ taking hashtag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hashtag venlafaxine
username you're wrong actually today it's seroquel :p
username username never mind, i just saw what he said. (giggle...) i am a soap fan and i don't need paxil.
as of now i'm battling addiction taking suboxone so i can be free from all pharmasudical meds hashtag drugfree hashtag lovemarytho
username if u don't like that gelusil better take rabeprazole boss!
username chill bro, i'm just joshin' ya. really, have fun. we can't have a vbs leader on prozac!
still having to take temazapam to sleep. this is new hashtag diagnosedbpd
username depression.” cymbalta can help.
lmfao niggas got bonifa from that boniva shit for women lmaoo like wtf was in our minds
tamiflu is no better than tylenol at fighting flu
headphone in one ear bumpin other listening to this humira commercial
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
thing i have learnt today: forgetting to take pregabalin in morning is bad for my hashtag ms. hashtag fatigue hashtag nausea hashtag dodgylegs new reminder alarm set!
gsk returns ex-australian rights for osteoporosis denosumab to amgen in return for $275 million in upfront and milestone payments
oh great. it's quetiapine o'clock. still think i might be slightly hypo. one of those things in the corner of my vision in the garden
username it's worth remembering that the fda endorsed vioxx in 1999, which killed 60,000 americans and crippled a further 130,000.
dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hashtag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hashtag ehraeuropace
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
anyone know of alternatives to sertraline for a child (12)? so far paroxetine and escitalopram have come up but i'm very uncertain hashtag confused
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hashtag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
username username i took it for my arthritis. did enbrel for a while too.
username please don't worry.  hashtag humira works great 4 many hashtag crohns patients w/ minimal side effects.  hashtag ibd
username for a moment i read knee deep in prozac, but nothing to worry about i reckon
yung totoo. nebivolol for systolic heart failure or diastolic heart failure?
craving for tomyam again -.- feel like dying, it has the same effect as nicotine hashtag exaggerate
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
i'm pretty sure the makers of latuda could've come up with a better name.
username expecting shares in imodium to rise on monday morning ;)
username price action last 2 days not good but i'll add. not sure why u a comparing to zelnorm which has been recalled due to cardiac events
have a feeling that the wellbutrin, the effexor, trazodone, and the neurontin are going to be very very helpful. oh, and the depakote too.
my life is a cymbalta commercial hashtag letsbereal
username ah i see. pero yeah, we always had ventolin dati sa house. hehe
janssen: fda issues crl for xarelto to reduce the risk of stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. $jnj
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
username prescribing suboxone doesn't treat addiction. it prolongs it and delays true recovery.
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
so by the end of next week i will be 100% nicotine free. smoking is dumb habit!
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hashtag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
the most extensively used nsaid in treatment of familial adenomatous polyposis (fap) is sulindac and celecoxib
i ran out of cymbalta 8 days ago kept forgetting to fill it. i feel better than i have in 2 years. need to talk to my doctor about that.
username by now? probably needs crestor for cholesterol, daily aspirin, plavix, hbp meds.! purple pill for gerd, prostate weeds viagra!
username username comedown is hell. when i went cold turkey from effexor it was about two weeks before the zap noises stopped
another day of rest healing. tysabri and mris tomorrow. staying in bed with fluids, drugs and plex.
username gotcha. i've tried so many meds over the past 16 years and the best one for me has been paxil. i've been on it for at least 8 yrs
username  username hashtag guns or hashtag fda approved hashtag drugs? elizabeth bush, age 13, ( hashtag paxil) was responsible for a school shooting
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
username username username username username username i have recently started gabapentin but suggest pain clinic isbest
lunesta in hand: i love when you meet new friends that seem like they've always been your friend hashtag wearethebody
username i have been on tecfidera for a year now . very happy with the results
coffee, paroxetine, shoes, photo lab. in that order. go.
shouldn't more people be upset that there's a mostly nude lady in this imodium commercial?
21.43 day 25 rivaroxaban diary. think all rvxbn nowq out of my body but losartan (last 25mg tablet taken 4 days ago) remains. still aching.
psa raloxifene is this really nifty drug that binds to estrogen receptors except it blocks them in breast tissue
username geez, is patrick kennedy revved up on adderall while suggesting war on pot is still valid!?
raise your hand if you think meridia should be with mercer!!
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
username (( its fine lol )) try to explain your situation, do you have a ventolin inhaler? ask if you can go to the nurse?
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
username oops crestor chaser you told me about
neurontin (gabapentin) has multiple indications and needs to be monitored for dose adjustment in ckd
on 175mg of lamictal. it is a slow trip to my goal of 400mg and my seizures are frequent, but i have faith in this drug. 5th drug so far
also see: ruth's eyes in panels 2 and 4 which is what happens when badfeel happens in the middle of seroquel somnolence
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hashtag blagh hashtag gross hashtag weak
exelon shuts new jersey 614-mw oyster creek nuclear reactor
username dayquil: more like day-kill! when your kids are passed out in the street, defenseless, getting molested by the lunesta moth.
wrecking everyone in trivia crack right now cause i took an adderall this morning
cnn: dropping your cymbal is no reason to turn to cymbalta. lame-vomits.
username username username bud, vit c and zinc may be late now. get rx for moxifloxacin (avelox) or levofloxacin(levaquin)
username ps what are your meds? i take lexapro and lamictal. work wonders for me.
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
username thx. cymbalta and provigil are going to cost $165 each for 30 days and that's not all i take...
rt@lafulegebyqed: rizzo winery combines toasty albuterol overtones and a melancholy coffee perfume in their 2012 zinfandel. hashtag çok
i can’t see the point in taking hashtag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
rt username hashtag threewords thank you sabril rt@soobrieylbrieyl: #3words you are beautiful
username levaquin tid? yikes
first they had me loaded with 2 types of oxycodone tylenol, gave me percocet, i ran out, so now i'm using what's left of my username
rt username vyvanse, commonly known as ocd in a pill.
username username i have been on vimpat since nov, 300mgs a day, i have had a big reduction in my seizures
i'm on adderall and caffeine. but i can't tell if i'm feeling the adderall or the caffeine. or both. which one oh god
username loperamide hcl tabs
username contact me anytime. we are all in this hashtag humira stuff together.  hashtag crohns hashtag ibd
username naproxen or ibuprofen are my preference among nsaids, but diclofenac is the best topical nsaid i know of.
habit-forming telmisartan
rt username [clinical trials] abbvie study assesses role of predefined doses of methotrexate when used with humira hyperlink
for example metformin shouldn't be given on the day of or for 48 hours after angio! important to know on a vascular ward.
username username im a super taster and have aspbergers. good luck you too. although my nuvaring makes me like spicey and lettuce o.o
if you act like the guy in those crestor commercials in real life i would like to take a minute to say that i will never associate with you
username i've been a mess all week. i'm now on seroquel. fuck bipolar. fuck anxiety. *hugs*
but at any given night, i'd still pop that ass like a prozac.
username 700?! are you in any statins for this? like simvastatin or atorvastatin
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
the avandia certification hearing is set for december 16-18, 2014.
rt username we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, …
the red candy is a jelly bean, orange one is a lozenge
correctional facilities in california have removed quetiapine bupropion from formularies in response to abuse by inmates. hashtag camhrounds
hashtag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hashtag drugs
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
username take keppra1500mg and gabapentin 3x100mg they don't work fedup ending up in hospital hun dont like going i would like to come home
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
username get diclofenac or have this done like wot i did! hyperlink
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
fuck it. snorting a seroquel so i can sleep until tomorrow
do u know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved lamotrigine aka hashtag lamictal
pussy like oxycodone
username username nph 2x daily onglyza once a day
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
as if using ventolin in public wasn't embarrassing enough, i just went for a puff and inhaled a huge fluffball that fell into the mouthpiece
username i will but holy fuck you may need at least two bottles of adderall to get all of it done
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
happiness is a bortezomib
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
even tho meridia is far from my fav prince like wth was that garbage with umaril you piece of shit
combination of ciprofloxacin and dexamethasone! hashtag scared
the amount of times a day i get asked to sell some of my prescribed adderall is ridiculous
my last januvia tweet. username saying operational growth for januvia was 11%, which would be great.
username also her medical job uses suboxone strips so she wants 2 be a suboxone stripper 4 halloween and educate people about her job
novel nnrti hashtag doravirine from msd shown to be associated with lower rate of central nervous system events compared to efavirenz hashtag hivglasgow
swear my adderall makes me focus on anything but my homework hashtag help
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
take my dexilant before that fish be swimming up my esophagus.
username you might want to add an imodium hehe
i really love lunesta thought balloon zzz zzz zzz
username winking face with tongue stolen face masks stolen 1/8 suboxone in exchange for the ass oncoming fist beating from god they both agreed i said no hunting me backhand index pointing down ....
making an audiobook is a lot more work than i thought.... i need a throat lozenge... 8(
*od's on ventolin cos spiders keep popping up on my tl*
username username really? i had no idea you could! and no, i just take a synthroid pill daily. my mom had hers removed though
username shush i'm killing myself more than you are hash tag nicotine
humira, the sub-cute-tiny-ass injection. hashtag arthrtispuns
username went for ithaka, antara :d was so lovely going back to college :)
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
warning: lunesta tweets coming soon
username i hope they get it figured out and fix you up. humira wasn't working for my dad until he got surgery so maybe same for you!
exelon sees natural-gas threat to nuclear earnings
username username i think it's called lozenge rock”.
username erm yeah.. yu know it.. i should get you some olanzapine from the chemist smirking face
mycyk hashtag acep2014: buprenorphine strips taste like lemon-lime; easy potential for fatal od in children, unintentional ingestions.
latuda is the most ratchet name for a pharmaceutical drug.
now threatened to put on injectable s because i'm not taking my abilify or zyprexa. even geodon is bad but at least it makes me skinny
username took me time to understand that brilinta tweet _/\_
username i am now on olanzapine and my prolactin levels were checked and the level was withiin normal levels
victoza side effects: aids, ebola herpes, scrotal swelling, anal yodeling, chronic cocaine addiction, man boobs and heartburn. hashtag scarycocial
theses ain't bæ (s) , especially advair face with medical mask unamused face hyperlink
username instructions for ciprofloxacin say no milk for two hours before/after taking. is that no milk at all? or would tea be ok?
exactly one week and one day, have battled battled but have had to succumb to the aide of the high mighty imodium god.
going to pass out if i dnt find my preventer ventolin
username the bad musician mentions thalidomide so i will mention him when you mention thalidomide! also listen to it don't watch it
rt username tysabri increases the risk of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (pml), which can be fatal.
username latuda does wonders!
*takes a vyvanse instead*
6 capsules of imodium and 14 toilet trips later i am wishing i had my mums shepards pie
i'm rolling with my becotide and ventolin inhalers today... hashtag prettyflyforawhiteguy
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
pussy put his ass to sleep now he calling me lunesta hyperlink
got my new meds today. will give them a go see how i am. on quetiapine duloxetine. username
ciprofloxacin has its interaction inflooding contingency sectors for lagniappe taste herbal, connatural suppleme:
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
whatever the fuck is in viibryd must be really intense for it to cause that bad a reaction in me on only 10mg
it sure looks like buprenorphine is as dangerous a heroin. i didn't had this opinion from the beginning, but minds can be changed.
time to start shoving adderall down my fellow vegas goers' throats hashtag turndownforwhat hashtag vegas
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
enbrel lol hashtag ra know all about it! hashtag h50
bit disappointed had to take painkiller today after none for 5 days as enbrel was kicking in hopfully just a blip
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
username careful with the party poppers - make sure imodium has kicked in first
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
username are you getting on with the olanzapine apart from that ? :)
thank god for coffee and adderall
bock choy white hair boats. she is dog biscuit pulls galaga in diet. we and brakes. farted school subject is zostavax wee sports
humira, because cancer is better than arthritis.
rt username iphone 5s leaked photo solidifies tip on lozenge flash: there’s nothing like a good dual-led flash upgra... hyperlink
username - meridia wasn't much of a hugger, nor were the other craescians. anna had hugged her upon her return, if she remembered -
vote vote please . who is your good friend in facebook in this two person ? 1- tasmir hossain zihad 2- dorimon nobi comments please
bayer to bombay hc: alert: compulsory licence granted for patented cancer drug nexavar
username username depression hurts, but cymbalta can help smh really gabbie? lol yes jourdain
ventolin  then sleep. goodnight.
as it’s the end of the week: who wants to share their victories/challenges? i’ll start: tysabri is winning for me, no new lesions! you?
just got retested for jcv. tecfidera did not work out well for me, so i'm onto tysabri. hashtag ms hashtag multiplesclerosis
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
fuck an adderall and monster too cus i feel like crap.
username just dexam stim. can't have xyrem as i'm a single mum. found cataplexy meds (fluoxetine clomipramine) helped in the past.
username hope you 2 are feeling better!! our son has it too tamiflu costs 150! never that price before aca. nothing affordable bout that!
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
happy birthday humira username
public warning crestor a prescription drug given to people for blood presure is poison it causes cancer .
in the 60's the world was normal and people took acid to make it weird.nowadays the world is weird and people take prozac to make it normal.
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
but i just remembered this is the first day ill be taking my vyvanse in like a month so i should be pretty lively soon
username username vioxx is the one that was taken off the market. any med can have the potential for side effects, doesn't mean you will:)
more studies using monoclonal antibodies like etanercept and infliximab for treatment-resistant depression. a hashtag rheum hmm.
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
not able to get on my scale with bmi&gt;50 and new dm dx started on metformin,onglyza, and victoza told to d/c onglyza re: redundancy w victoza
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
yeah, i said lozenge. get over it, grumpy receptionist.
username i didn't take any yesterday but i'm on zoloft and zyprexa and suboxone and adderall etc etc i could open my own pharmacy
what's on hashtag thistv? the circuit, starring hashtag olivier hashtag gruner hashtag billy hashtag drago. i'm just w8n' 4 the hashtag seroquel hashtag temazepam 2 do its job.
scrapbooking: finite lozenge introductory study
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
tamiflu really does manage flu symptoms nicely. it's just very strange bc i still feel sick, like the drug is only thing keeping me together
listening to the disclaimers on the lyrica pregabalin commercial, you'd notice that they list, as a side effect - suicidal thoughts erection
the latuda side effects are endless...
username tofacitinib is just fun to say. no idea what it even does, though...
username i started with rebif but developed cellulitis so now i take tecfidera 2x daily
username it's because there is metformin in it. i'm on two meds...janumet and another one that curbs my appetite
she managed to go every four hours with ventolin last night! and no attacks over night. hyperlink
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
take an adderall to help you find your other missing adderall. logic.
time for metformin hcl again.
which is the largest selling drug .. hashtag humira or hashtag lupitor?@quintiles
too lazy to google nhl offseason depression tips? this guy's got you covered ---&gt; mt username username hashtag paxil
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
about to have a side hustle slanging vyvanse hashtag moneyneversleeps
oxycodone is a gift from god zzz zzz
username flovent hfa but i wonder if it's the same stuff. i hate asthma.
username what the hell is vimpat keppra?&amp; the only bitch here is you.can't drop it and move on can you..nope drama.
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
username i've taken 8 gabapentin and 4 tramadol. i'm wide awake and feeling high! i've got no nytol, need to buy some
i really need ventolin these days !
getting along with rob and that geodon sent me on a bit of a downward spiral. i was find until weber human gave me geodon. funny they notice
username do the injections suck? enbrel takes 5 seconds longer, but i've heard it's like a wasp sting.
ahhhhhhhh that's what sleeping mostly through the night feels like. had forgotten. thanks magical cough suppressing codeine ilu
username username my cymbalta fucked me up for the first week i took it, now it’s amazing and positive
sildenafil citrate and discount
new afib guidelines. new indications for pradaxa and eliquis. life is good. hashtag anticoagulants hashtag nerd
$gild announces tadalafil meets primary endpoint in study...
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
username it's the 10th anniversary since merck finally withdrew vioxx from the market after slaughtering tens of thousands.
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
we all went to high school with that guy in the crestor commercial.
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
username i wish. albuterol is cheap. advair. around $500 a pop w/o insurance
username aight now tell me how suboxone is supposed to get ppl off drugs as an opiate itself
username good the gabapentin is helping now you've overcome the side effects. i'm sure that makes a big difference.
tulip a fever herman. beyonce travels synthroid mix next joseph brodsky misty red, grass gow fart cello fireman smurf dog turd
tim anderson has a note on $azn - brilinta investigation could be really bad for the co. - as in pulled-from-market bad. r&amp;d still lagging
tysabri sales fell 2% y-o-y but revenues increased 38% after hashtag biogen acquired rest of tysabri rights from hashtag elan. hashtag elan watchers look closely
you don't need crestor you need christ!
no 2 - abbvie's hyperthyroid drug synthroid with 22.26m prescriptions, only no 61 on sales $899m
username it flushes the levothyroxine out of your system too quickly. there's a few foods you're supposed to avoid for that reason
don't ask me how this happened but the baby drank a bottle of milk mixed with miralax and i'm about to pay the price see-no-evil monkey  hashtag prayersforkendra
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
username kynamro final efficacy data was far below what we saw in early efficacy trials, too. $isis
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
exelon revenue falls amid lower energy prices - wall street journal
shopping with a sore head sweating no voice and feeling fragile is skating on thin ice i could snap at any time so it's codeine time party
the name of the antidepressant latuda alone should make you happier. hahahah sounds funny. la-toot-ah
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hashtag rheum
username never tried remicade. did well on both humira enbrel until they wore-off. wish you remission! :) hashtag rheum
username loool he makes colly worth attending, fucked guy!! ill dm u miss thalidomide x
username i get mine in the czech rep. less than 5 yoyo for symbicort and ventolin. the way it should be. 85 at home for symbicort. hashtag pricey
username username username username great name! although not quite as good as tadalafil ;)
ranbaxy shares jump on approval of generic drug diovan hashtag stocks hashtag tips hashtag bse
username wow wee great result! :) glad all is well, good move with the victoza it would seem!
rt username however it was made clear that triple drug comp to mtx + etanercept except on radiographic progression. hence too early …
username hm, as someone who was prescribed temazepam once after a major life event i could write a piece or two :-p
username fuck up lol you flovent me
boehringer ingelheim announces fda acceptance of nda filing for tiotropium and olodaterol fdc
do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved lamotrigine aka hashtag lamictal
i would need to triple my dosage of vyvanse to get through the 52 pages of history i have left to study
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
username and olanzapine smd about 0.6 is also approaching a large effect size? interesting as people say antipsychotics not v effective
popped a seroquel and i'm chll, poped
username reardon, galvin, page, et al. must be running to the toilet all week. they know they are knackered. try imodium lucazade
rt username en hashtag espanol: drug safety communication: hashtag fda investigating 2 deaths following injection hashtag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
username i need some aderol in my life downcast face with sweat ” adderall
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
if cymbalta actually worked for a black mans depression.
username you misspelled suboxone in your piece about nm prisons.
and obama's deal w/big pharma made the much more exp tysabri affordable (i think - wait hear from ins) he increased healthcare costs-
username username kev to eat a urinal lozenge
latuda and vodka; what a wonderful phrase. latida and vodka, ain't no passing craze!
can someone bring me a xopenex inhaler? ill pay big time $$$$
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
out of my original script for 150mg of effexor xr, i am down to the halfway point...75 mg to go...
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
no. 2 is hashtag depressed. do i a) tell her it will be ok b) slip her some of my hashtag venlafaxin or c) tell her the truth - hashtag lifesucks deal with it.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” eat bananas people!! banana
except how are you gonna make an american football if they weren't affiliating with a request to market and distribute thalidomide
rt username hashtag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hashtag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
hashtag phoenix police said brisbon was carryin a vial of oxycodone pills, a semi-auto handgun jar believed to be marijuana were found in the suv
username omfg my nan atch took thalidomide before giving birth to my mum haha i was pissing when i found out
shake your ****ing ventolin before you inhale, girl hashtag doctorwhofinale
username username why username me you deranged thalidomide
girl in latuda bipolar drug ad confessed to rust she munchausened her kids. bread crumb? hashtag truedetective hashtag antidepressants
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
i often get the urge to ask metal vocalists if they'd like a lozenge.
thank god for vyvanse raising hands flushed face
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
i think i'll just attempt to extra seroquel myself to sleep and hope everything is less infuriating tomorrow
how does slimming tablet reductil product?: .ame
i need a mf nuvaring up in this thing before i do anything else face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy another child will slow me up
username u don't take daily pills w ra. u take weekly doses of methotrexate and/or enbrel shots. right now i'm on nothing. eating better
i can't stop crying it will never get fucking better and i've enough i'll get all of my effexor and all of my xanax and all of my vivance
where were you username when my family had to pay $200. for tamiflu last year after you voted for obamacare.. normal cost~ $20..
username yep. i'm gonna take an extra advair dose tonight (usually only take in the am) as long as i don't run around i'll be ok.
username mind i'm on a lot of allergy medicine and a symbicort both.
my stoma thinks its a tap today even though i had lots of loperamide and not eaten anything to make it upset hashtag illeostomy hashtag ibdsucks
rt username username publishes exciting phiii trial results for hashtag eliquis (apixaban) suggesting a hopeful alternative for vte  hashtag isth20…
fyi anora elipta and tysabri case studies are not approved for web posting. listen to webcast for info. about them. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
i saw maybe 12-15 physicals today, almost fainted at the sight of a deep post. scalp laceration mispronounced januvia as whaneeva. hashtag done
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
wtaf?! username username help! username username are we treating mild cts with pregabalin now? is that also a thing. :-/”
username don't need research to tell me that sick people neither need or deserve marijuana! fda: wrong on vioxx wrong on pot hashtag noresearch
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
federal pradaxa lawsuits move forward, with issuance of order... 0
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
username could be stress. i used to get anxiety attacks that appeared as chest pains too. fluoxetine cleared it up.
username hahahahaha ya had an imodium yet? ner haway then well gaan take one
$bmy 11:08 am bristol-myers and pfizer: in a subanalysis, eliquis (apixaban) reduced the risk of stroke and demonstrated fewer major...
real madrid lunesta besides order corned tomato
guy in front of me at cvs buying imodium a.d. and condoms. he's about to have a great or horrible night. explosions imminent.
username oh yes, the cheap and (for non convertors) nasty levothyroxine is dole out, t3 rationed,ndt refused =false economy=polypharmacy
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
reminded about how lucky i am vs people with hashtag cf being attached to just an albuterol inhaler the last two weeks. ugh.
dat feel when u counsel a lady on apixaban and they love u afterwards hashtag priceless hashtag tombrady hashtag levels
trazodone, it takes the light right outta your eyes
so, yesterday i asked my dad how to spell lozenge, because i had forgot, the way this man answered me was like bitch, you should have known.
if you like it then you should put a ring in it. ~nuvaring~
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hashtag zombie
aurobindo pharma: alert: memantine tablets used for alzheimer's disease
you just don't let me rape you antara monologue wajib bg player game genre moba bila dia 1st blood..
username that's the hope! so here's to jeets taking enough boniva to survive the season.
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hashtag thediabetty hashtag diabetes hashtag t1d hashtag iwanttobeabletoeat
username needs imodium
hashtag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hashtag article 99213 username username
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
username username weapons grade pain meds being administered inc. buprenorphine but no mri since dx 9 yrs ago.
doctors are still recommending fosamax other bisphosphonates to prevent osteoporosis.these drugs can lead to necrosis (death) in the jaw.
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
$nflx fade now from near 440, was quite the reversal earlier, $regn fda acceptance of eylea injection sbla testing new alt here
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
i think a 10mg tablet of generic olanzapine only cost about 30p when the brand name lilly olanzapine cost about £2 for a 10mg tablet!
seo paul son you travolta. katy tiffany levemir ninth vacation aranesp jim starlin 7-up bucil strive gorf
halftime beverage = halftime meds ... levaquin with a chaser of robitussin. (don't judge!) ; ) hashtag cheers hashtag zappos  hashtag custserv
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
sally field looks so good i'm going to buy boniva hashtag oscar2014 hashtag oscars hashtag oscarawards hashtag sallyfield
rested legs on pillows after applying tons of koyok but pain seems to be getting worse. gonna take lyrica to see if thats the key to help
can't remember if i took my synthroid today... d: should i risk not taking a dose for the day or risk take double dose? lol ._.
username i had mine in july... i have to take esomeprazole everyday but i've got to go back in 6 months! x
i don't think one a day latuda is right for anyone. id rather stay bi polar and depressed than have those risks
username i'm on latuda and it works pretty well. i'm not sedated like other meds i feel alive and want to exercise and such.
some people find diclofenac good for period pains but i wouldn't recommend it at all.
victoza has soooooo many side effects holy shit
username hope you have loperamide at the ready?!?! pile of poo
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
username it's prob levaquin and it's a heavy duty antibiotic. get cystex helps me every time!
sildenafil citrate. world drug. now studied thoroughly.
grubby imodium ad
a medication called latuda clapping hands
$bmy rt username $azn ceo: results of savor study lookin at potential cv benefits of hashtag diabetes drug onglyza due in the next few days
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” banana
excess hashtag heartfailure hosp with saxagliptin limited to patients with elevated baseline bnp - dl bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
i actually slept last night! of course it took four times the seroquel, earplugs, a sleep mask, a nature sound app, lamotrigine lorazepam.
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
new idea since they dont want to give me latuda standalone: combo!
username cyclizine, imigran, naproxen and duloxetine, codeine, paracetamol.... c-c-c-c-caffeine hashtag gettinguphitofthesummer
if latuda can so can i lol
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
idk i just really love the tamiflu commercial
username you're right. if meridia ever gets serious about that juicy reward for killing me i may have to eat that fool.
my mother is bipolar. she needs jesus latuda
stomach hurting like shit and i feel dirty as hell. and this is a sign....showerrrrrrr n miralax username
like advair is a good as drug for me
i can't get two fingers in my vag how am i suppose to put in nuvaring
odd off-the-wall question: if a heroin addict is getting suboxone trtmt the pmt is $, is there a record of that or a receipt given? hashtag srsq
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
username is that tecfidera since copaxone 3tw launch or comparison of both launches from day 1?
username it's obtained from the main boss in maridia and is ineeded to get to ridley, so it's a bit hard to miss, haha
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
username i use advair to help control my asthma. ;)
username ugh maybe after a few lines of adderall and red bull i can justify putting down civil procedure to answer the call
starvation with a side of adderall
paging username rt username i’ve just been researching pregabalin and if the various dopehead forums are right, it might treat my cfs pain
imodium is some really solid stuff hashtag punintended
fda approve saphris on the road to luxury schizophrenia: .ews
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”wow
what do reuben frank and exelon co. have in common? they both blocked me...those ungrateful twats hashtag flyeaglesfly hashtag staystrong
kiss me taste that nicotine
some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
this commercial for victoza tho.... 10% benefits 90% anaphylaxis + death hashtag done
angelica gonna say im depressed and that i need to try cymbalta ctfuu
what are the top two things you never wanted to do again after your athletic career was over? ready go…mine: 1. vioxx 2. burpees
wanted to wait til end of round to get ventolin i did but its comforting to know he reads me properly, as i just went very quiet
really have to get rid of all these adderall vyvanse !!
antara ada dan tiada@omspiik: hashtag omspiktanya need someone special ?
ashley sold someone adderall and now she's convinced that she is going to get arrested and go to jail...
username username actually dead jealous wanted to go for ages look forward to hearing how you get on presume you have lots of imodium
school without adderall is not my day
nexium has too much packaging
i haven't had heart-burn since i got my dexilant re-filled, so i've been eating more spicy things.
username bingung antara four sama dvd wwac film._. hashtag mtvstars one direction
can anyone give me a vyvanse? i got you next week
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
newman: tamiflu effectiveness. no reduction in death, hospitalization, pna. nnt 33 for ex improve. nnh 22 hashtag acep14
username alendronate works in elderly. intended benefits are relevant. issues are compliance/tolerability and life expectancy&gt; 1 yr
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
i've always liked the word lozenge.
read-throughs from bayer q2 earnings $regn -&gt; eylea ex-us sales €73m $onxx -&gt; nexavar €200m; stivarga €47m
i'm not sleeping so took a temazepam at 8, another at 9 and a 3rd at 10 o'clock and still nothiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
victoza volunteered as tribute to shovel the snow for my mom face with tears of joy face with tears of joy mariefiero username username username hyperlink
i might have managed to get dutasteride prescribed for me too. re-read my endo letter and he says i can stay using it. gotta ask my gp now
verb complex and extraction clobber in point of fosamax: .wtf
you have to be effient on twitter. like a circumcision, everything extra gets cut off whether you like it or not.
adderall is seriously the best drug in the world. smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
yaz nje username i don't see the reason why i follow 3k tweeps while i socialise with 100 ... -__-
hashtag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin did not reduce cv death, nonfatal mi/stroke in hashtag diabetics at high cv risk - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hashtag quetiapine
antara benda basic ppl like to reply to certain tweets the accuracy me me as a parent dan diselangi dengan emoji menangis.
hashtag tossatnight victoza has more side effects than meth.
my choice was more hashtag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hashtag biologics like hashtag humira. now hashtag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hashtag lung side effect. hashtag crohns
username i inject enbrel on friday and inject methotrexate on monday. are you on injectable mtx? i failed the pills.
i hate when i see commercials for cymbalta, i just want to tell everyone it is horrible and satans drug. that's all.
i think cialis should trade names with boniva … ♫♡♡♫
this pristiq shit is garbage. litter in bin sign
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
were suboxone clinics andrew dollard worked 4 approved by username was dollard ok'd by ham. co. to work there? who was overseeing this?
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
username username username and mysteriously shut down darvocet production. it was a generic, no $ to be made.
i don't think i'll be taking symbicort
hashtag factsonly rt username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
username love ya' too~ i think i was just more upset that sammy was sad... i love the meridia account. best meri ever! *nudges*
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
username you have 13 clan members half of em bad ... struggling to get a 6 man lime i said ring viox ask for help or tsr
four new oral anticoagulants; dabigatran, apixaban, rivaroxaban , and edoxaban improve outcomes versus warfarin in patients with af.
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
june squibb and sally field are totally blowing lines of boniva in the bathroom right now
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
username username industrial studies (with the exception of diovan and small biotech) are rarely cooked this way nowadays
username suddenly my requirement of sildenafil has subsided since seeing that picture.
nexium is for persistent diarrhea
username that seems high, gina says pour control if needing ventolin more then twice a week or r u talking about exacerbations?
what tf meridia
username enbrel has saved my life. no methotrexate with it. had to stop taking it for a month due to pneuomina. glad. i'm back on it.
is it objective, that is, does it refer to apples, health and a half hours. i'm not even on any vyvanse! hashtag swag
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
original research showing positive efficacy and safety analysis for memantine treatment in alzheimer’s disease chosen by dimitri...
username nevermind you can over dose on trazodone i'll only take one(:
the guidance for pregabalin says: this medicine could affect your ability to drive or operate machinery. interesting!
username i'm just wondering how much quetiapine i can take in one go to knock me out???
username i have some miralax in my medicine cabinet if you're having that many poo problems face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
4:49 i am the child when addy's nuvaring fails to work
hashtag updateasonglyric sweet dreams are made of lunesta
username yeah the whole damn bottle. i got plenty of temazepam tho
username it was horrible they removed mine yesterday so happy im going to try the nuvaring i guess
like why the fuck is my asthma so bad that i'm doing 3 nebs, too many puffs of my inhaler, bronkaid, and advair and my chest is still awful
she announced her diagnosis of type 2 diabetes on the same day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza a lucrative collaboration hashtag pauladeen
username username start doing ccsvi which is cheaper than the baclofen pumps for ms. £8.000 for the pump approx. £500 for ccsvi
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
username triavil (perphenazine and amitriptyline) viibryd (vilazodone) vivactil (protriptyline) zoloft (sertraline) these are a few
hey canyon girls,do you think kevin zometa is cute?
sildenafil can be used to successfully manage it in at least two-thirds of men, but we dont advice self-medication, ffbeepamed
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine.
username haha. i eat loperamide like they're going out of fashion too! good thanks bro - working at capital xtra these days...
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hashtag highlymedicated hashtag legalizemarijuana
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
been taking 10 mg less paxil for a few days. do i seem different? what ? shut up! fuck you!
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
username ...work. i haven't slept more than 4 hours in the last 72 hours, despite the lunesta and muscle relaxants i take for bed time
apparently for an unexpected good night's sleep, red pepper hummus and triscuit is better than lunesta and valium combined. knocked me out!
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hashtag nomoreoptions hashtag scary
username just yes, i inject enbrel but am trying to stop it, i prefer holistic approach, my joints are still sore from arthritis
username username i take propranolol with gabapentin and nortriptyline. i also take botox every 3 months. i am still chronic too :(
i need to put my nuvaring in, it's right next to my wine
when my patients tell me they're suffering from constipation i tell them to take miralax pizza, in fact the pizza alone is sufficient. pizza
is lily hammer ( tradjenta ) is good for you? has it been tried? it doesn't make you itch?
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
rt username clinical oncology news - duloxetine reduces chemo-induced peripheral neuropathy pain including commen... hyperlink
after i was injected with all that darvocet i seen nothing
disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
pristiq - fda. for depression. but can cause or worsen medical conditions including depression.....???? hashtag legalizecannabis
username .... ciroc banana cream hookah flavor .... no tobacco, no fire, no nicotine, no odors, and no ashes ... hyperlink
patient: what's ready for me. me: namenda pt: i don't recall what that's for. me: memory pt: i guess i need that.
symbicort is gaaay dont ever get that prescription filled
overdosing on trazodone smh hashtag wowyourcool
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
the crestor commercial by username is one of the worst i've seen. who would cheer like zealot for a pharmaceutical like that?
i was unceremoniously kicked off the crestor bowling team in those ads. a blood test revealed i had been lipitor doping
i know way too much about vioxx and naproxen. hashtag medstats
username it's your fault i didn't know what thalidomide was. fucking googled it didn't i.
when paula dean spoke for victoza an expensive drug normal people couldn't afford, that's when i felt she was a traitor. happy she's gone
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
i'm over this snow already. mother nature needs some boniva or some shit to calm her menopausal symptoms!!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.charlie used to tell me!!
fluoxetine. you are worth shit.
username 3 yrs is a long time. i've tried humira enbrel too. are you on a dmard as well? how is your pain level? if u don't mind me asking
fsc laboratories acquires exclusive marketing rights for aciphex sprinkle in the u.s.
$isis nice apociii data. stat sig. achieved w/ only n=11 pts. much cleaner liver tox, fewer fls, injection site rxn vs. kynamro
username picked butthead up from his for a bite to eat and lozenge was there with c-unit x
username hook it up with some viibryd buddy. my prescription ran out months ago. thanks and congrats!
i need cymbalta
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
four tnf-alfa blockers approved for hashtag ankylosingspondylitis are etanercept, adalimumab, golimumab and infliximab.
families that cook together stay together. and get diarrhea together and share imodium together.
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
username nope. cymbalta is new. but she will be right, i just want to go and work.
even with lunesta it takes me hours to fall asleep. my body is not here for sleep at all.
congrats to the exelon project team for winning tgs project of the year!  hashtag tekenergy hashtag teknortheast hyperlink
some sa goon's husband died after taking 2 whole bottles of imodium and all i can imagine is he died from not being able to poop lol
username username agree i think i too shall spray some ventolin chest wards! then i'll use use my brown reliever...
rt username sandoz enbrel etanercept hashtag biosimilar trial to exploit eu/us reg harmony. us 'submarine' hashtag patent 8063182 expiring 2028 sti…
adderall focalin vyvance because sleep is for the fucking weak . with username face blowing a kiss
my parents snore so bad. sharing a hotel room with them is going to be the death of my. i need my trazodone
give me some of that symbicort that contains ford motor oil.
update 2-u.s. fda rejects wider use of xarelto drug
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
juxtapid price increased this week by 25%. launched less than 6 months ago. no justification for increase. now over $300k/year.
99%+ safer hashtag ecigs, millions w/wide,no death/disease 10yrs. demonised by some ph pushing 94-97% failure rate nrt very dangerous varenicline
there are 3 new oral medications for ms. gilenya seems slightly more effective than tecfidera or aubagio
instead of cymbalta it's latuda now..... get outta here
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
it's sooooo hard not to just say screw it and take more vyvanse and stay up
she announced she had type 2 diabetes on the day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza and a lucrative collaboration with the manufacturer
tadalafil in inflammation addressing endothelial function in arthritis hashtag acr2014
the xarelto commercial pisses me off lol turn left ...i don't think so ooooooh you're such a badass! lol
tamiflu is one expensive ass drug
username username stay on warfarin. much safer has reversal agent. pradaxa does not.
literally everyone’s asleep in this huge stuffed house but my seroquel hasn’t kicked in so i’m playing skyrim on mute lol
username he had oxycodone in his pocket and pot and a gun in the car
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
username i just went to pharmacy got some ventolin which is starting to help, i think. keeping her as calm as i can. obvs stressful though
got my annual supply of ventolin inhalers over the counter in majorca : 3 for €8. hashtag whatawheeze
i can't wait for the drug disposal day in my city. i took the freaking trazodone by mistake again and if the problem doesn't go away, er :/
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
this is flu haiku the doc gave me tamiflu i need chicken soup hashtag fluseason
thank heavens for advair albuterol for the people like me who wake up wheezing and can't breath folded hands
cymbalta didn't work? have you tried taping walmart bags to your cats feet?
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
username username username username username lodine, adderall, omeprazole, librax, temazepam
username cause of liver problems so i'm taking tradjenta instead. i wish you much luck with pcos.  that's really series stuff
sucking on an empty ventolin inhaler certainly helps improve lung capacity....wheeeeeeze
crises are not always predictable...but as leaders it is our job to respond to them! - susan landahl, sr vp, new dev., exelon hashtag uswin2014
is that a nuvaring on your foot? username username username
left thigh/leg pain, difficult to walk. neurontin and percocet ineffective.
1 nexium 2 amoxicillin 1 clarithromycin 1 metrodinazole
7 hr time change. lunesta is my friend
username it's the enbrel.
username username ive had the shits for 2 days. took 3 imodium and 2 codeine before i wont poo for weeks now
cute wig, broad from the latuda ad
username u bet. he was the vioxx hero for merck. estimates had merck paying upward of $25 billion in claims. he fought every case. &lt;$6 b
the depression is starting to come out. i really need a higher dose of synthroid
rt username novartis ag tests copy of amgen's enbrel in late-stage trial: get the latest biotech news where you want it. ... http:/…
my mama make sure i take and put my nuvaring back in!! but i think i wanna get off it
username i used to get ampyra thru walgreens specialty. i think the aubagio is from caremark. irony: store at room temperature.
i see some tamiflu in my near future.
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
you know it's flu season when every commercial break advertises tamiflu
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
context: etonogestrel is an ingredient in subdermal implants
games didn't help me get over depression it was fluoxetine and girls but good for you if it did.
any dealers know a supplier with trazodone in stock? all strengths. hashtag pharmacy hashtag nhs hashtag rediculousdrugshortages
$dnce ceo is persistent - founded inhale ( then $nktr ) for 18 years and developed exubera
i eat crestor instead.. haha username okay okay prabowo08 we got it. good answer. now sit down and eat that lipitor general!
username does lyrica help with nerve pain?
username hahaha. i saw cold medicine while there. *scratches chin* i thought i did. at least they had imodium for when i was poisoned. pensive face
username is he on prozac?
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
username username nexium is king!
bachhuber et al: 6 mo retention in buprenorphine tx in pt's treated at syringe exchange program = 64% - similar to traditional tx settings.
do you think your walking symptoms have improved since starting tysabri ? how many infusions did it take before you felt better ??
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
nexavar tablets, sorafenat (sorafenib tosylate tablets) hyperlink
woah! calm down, have a prozac!
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
bayer and regeneron now planning eylea combination follow-on - trials to start soon hashtag pharma
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hashtag nospoonsday
username imodium rules.
longer than usual wait at suboxone clinic. hoping it's because my son ran into his counselor and is talking thru recent stuff. mm hashtag suboxone
hi, anyone out there who is t1 taking metformin been diagnosed with a vitamin b12 deficiency? another string to my d bow hashtag doc hashtag ourd
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
exelon corp. has formally applied to acquire delmarva power's parent company, pepco holdings.
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
would give anything to come off pregabalin right now, side-effects just won't get better. then i can try more useless meds ad nauseum, yay.
username yeah til allergy seasons over ._. then i have to use cingular and get another packet of xopenex im not sure about the last one..
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
januvia generic = sitagliptin hashtag esurancesave30
hope username considers what the men of grunenthal did to 1000s babies with thalidomide as a moral damage and will suggest sanctions
had lights out no internet going movie playing relaxed feeling my suboxone then what the fuck changed?
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
username it's that viibryd lol makes me lol literally almost lost it
not sure what to think re: use of etanercept as rad tx 4 aphasia. only research is by dr who patented its use. lots of qus after username
*crushes up oxycontin *crushes up adderall *crushes up xanax *cooks n injects it *sees purple dragons show me the magic puff!
that seroquel is so intense!
username hi adam *waves* i'm about 20 rows back. and i have ventolin lol
.@bbcbreaking 1/2 well w/ all the all tamiflu the nhs have got stockpiled for the worried well that can only be a good thing.
or pooping if this miralax kicks in
username username  going back to washington dc to rally against cipro levaquin avelox please read this card. hyperlink
toontown enbrel decently the helpful fart. you mucil turkeys foo beethoven's birthday. ding, pant gullible senioritis pingping
username side effects. so the specialist decided to switch me to an equivalent dose of prozac to get me off since typically it's easier to
username username username great story. 70 tamiflu trials and well over 100,000 pages of unpublished reports. thx fda.
username health stuff. i have a problem with my ovaries and you can either get on metformin or eat almost vegan and no soy.
username lithium was bad for me, but lamotrigine has been almost perfect. quetiapine is not an early choice for treatment for bp over here.
username no it's oxycodone lol
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
username username gabapentin for anxiety and migraine prevention with very rare clonazepam for serious episodes
username off bp meds after dropping 55lbs low carb w/ cardio trng. my doc says most patients just want pill(s) nuts! bystolic sux!
username quetiapine, vicodin, and promethazine for sell hmu lmao !” of you don't give me that promo
the nicotine beast has me firmly gripped in it's gnarled yellow claw. hashtag resistanceisfutile
pradaxa vs waifarin. ... the war is on. ask your doctor for the one that best suits you. ps waifarin is toxic category 6 by dot.
username i'm on the nuvaring person tipping hand no way person gesturing NO
diclofenac injections are boss woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
username bc you cant buy meridia
my levothyroxine dose is doubling again!!
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
how do i keep my weight under control while taking seroquel? hashtag bpdfriends help
aggrenox discount coupon: aggrenox discount coupon. the relevancy of the to evaluate the advantages any...  hashtag coupon
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved lamotrigine aka hashtag lamictal
murphy needs some nexium  hashtag znation
with a low interest avandia settlement advance, our clients are able to financially support their families. hashtag avandia hashtag legalfunding
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
username no, i refuse to believe it's morning... i can't survive on just 4 hours sleep for a second day! i declare it temazepam o'clock.
username imodium is my dessert every night
.@nickhook 'k-hole (candyflip remix)' free dl w/ your purchase of vioxx
my doctor told me i could take a username hashtag yumbo instead of miralax to flush my system out (liquid shit) before my colonoscopy
username seeing lots of pregabalin being used for periop acute pain (&amp; anxiety) mx. esp ortho surg. any merit in this?
found some old darvocet from 6 years ago.. hopefully this cures my headache grimacing face
username do they give it imodium in the evening to make it stop
username username please, anything but a kris sex tape. not even a 1,000 mg sildenafil citrate would turn me into an eiffel tower.
boniva the musical rt username so, when is sally field coming to broadway? hashtag tonyawards
username username shouldn't you be doing an activia or boniva commercial?
christoph hashtag ash14 plenary - results of soraml study - addition of sorafenib to aml induction: no incr in cr, but 3yr pfs doubled, yet os same
hashtag odetoimodium oh, imodium ad, thou art my best friend right now hyperlink
username username he said they were fake and they have no nicotine in it
username go to the dr. and get some hashtag levaquin 750mg and take it twice a day. had a sinus infection for 2 weeks and that cleared it.
username username well now i'll miss the lunesta window...so i won't.
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
it's so cute. my grandparents laugh at the tamiflu commercial with the giant and it's adorable :)
hiring la burlesquer to high encompassment lozenge sequestered platoon
username can you tell me anything about metformin and pcos? i start it tomorrow and don't know what to expect
when i'm on vyvanse i wan to do 1 of 2 things do all the things or think about all the things.
miralax for an eight month old? is that allowed? and what's the dose if it is?
am i the only one that has never understood the tamiflu commercial with the huge guy and all the little things..?
the problem with heroine name of lyrica is the drug of the same name. it is all i can think of everytime i read her name
i was hoping sally field would be wearing a boniva t-shirt hashtag oscars hashtag productplacement
username i found it hard coming off venlafaxine. definitely agree that running helps: it's the only thing that has kept me drug-free. ever!
who knew boniva also lifted and tightened all the skin on your face and neck?!
i'm going to name my first born oxycodone because its saving my life right now...
hi reba. mail from constipation. dear pee, how much imodium ad do you have? fart, cow.
tomorrow i'm gonna sleep allllll day. then monday take enough adderall to clean my house and clean up my spec script in 3 hours.
username albuterol is not an inhaled steroid. advair, singulair (pill form) qvar are steroids to prevent frequent asthma attacks.
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hashtag wtf
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hashtag nausea
liraglutide getting a licence for obesity by next year... hashtag pharmacyhorizon
hashtag acc14 marc cohen md states careful with concomitant use of amiodarone and xarelto
rt username have a fucking lozenge judith or at least adjust your mic. rt username bird on the end needs a soother hashtag qanda
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
with as bad as my sleeping habits were over spring break, red bull adderall might be my only option to get me through the week.
so you're not supposed to have grapefruit while taking latuda anti- depressant... lmao
hashtag download fosamax - a medical dictionary, bibliography, and annotated research guide to internet references - icon health... username
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
exelon corp nyse:exc 10-q now available
username backpacked all around india for 3 months ending in march. food sanitation is already shady as is! bring cipro just in case.
dr. brenzel says kentucky state police has seen 300% increase in suboxone seizures over the last 18 months. hashtag kyga14
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hashtag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
mrs d has been sorting out the medicine drawer. anyone want 3 tonnes of out of date loperamide and tramadol?
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username will it not be wrong between ventolin or re camera ^^ loool hashtag joke .
username harrowing statistic. difference is the dangers of thalidomide were not known. dangers of drinking have been known for centuries.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
bridge posts, hi all.was wondering whos on gabapentin and what dose? i just had an increase of 200mg to 1400 mgs! seems large to me
username username username have you ever taken gabapentin ..my dr wants me to take that &amp;it says it's good for restless leg
im really mad i was suppose to go to the exelon dinner and ms esposito didnt give me the info.
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
username desiccated thyroid treatment has the same research as levothyroxine before it was thrust at us - none. yet patients far prefer it
i tried to think of the cold rain as a minty lozenge for the skin but it didn't work and now if you're not careful i will cry on you.
username i only said j. cole's music was a safe and natural substitute for lunesta
username is it ventolin or?
seroquel you are amazing.
username chain smokin nicotine say fuck a fast deal
you eat at pf chang with michael crabtree. you order cheddar pea imodium ad with cartoonist sauce.
we welcome denis o'brien, sr. exec. vp of username ceo, exelon utilities as the new chairman of our board hyperlink
$bdsi ceo on fast money tonite to talk buprenorphine fyi
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
username when i first started taking nebivolol (bystolic, a beta blocker) it was $70 a month. it was lowered to $30. yay!
been using my new jazzy ventolin inhaler it must be working because my hands are currently shaking like mad. still wheezing. hashtag yaymedicine
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
diabetes type 2 primary mech - insulin resistance leading to beta-cell destruction rx - diet exercise &gt; metformin +/- statins hashtag medrx
username yet the real villains are the unearned premiums earned on drugs with little or no superiority over generic - e.g. crestor $azn
hashtag examweek let the adderall commence
username hashtag ratkiller hashtag nerd peta will get mad at you for administering metoprolol to a rat lol
username what's a combo one? i haven't hard of those. i'm on albuterol for emergencies and qvar is my steroid. tried advair-bs. this
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hashtag nurseprobs hashtag arthritisprobs
looking at profit margins after dispensing abilify, crestor, and vyvanse is depressing.
username username username :hagagaga:please submit another 5 name for your dj name*using the cipro voicemail*
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
antara orang terawal yang aku nak jumpa time ambil result for sure topek and muna. both of them always make me happy.
username username look at the speed going up the hills ;-) ventolin was my friend today!!
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
icymi .@expressscripts channels its inner european, deciding not to include victoza on 2014 formulary. see reuters, pink sheet for more.
username you need to call the dr monday and let him know the lunesta didn't work.
username username username username username username mostly still in contact w him bc i sell him suboxone if uk what those r
i can feel cancer flowing through my blood today. a year ago i was on velcade chemo, now i wondering how soon until i'm on chemo again.
my mom just said, mattie, i don't have any of those imodium things. i want some. she meant emojis.
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
username username yeah u should ask your doctor about it, it actually really works. it's called fluticasone propionate nasal spray
shit wait is the nicotine in shisha enough to do anything
username username not sure i follow. are you encouraging antiplatelet use with dabigatran?
did you hear that? no ha! maybe i should be the one on zyprexa. well, see you next week.
analysts say nexium could have added $300 - 350 mn to ranbaxy topline. valcyte $30 - 40 mn. valued both drugs at `55 - 60 per share
brief-merck says to pay $100 mln to resolve all u.s. nuvaring product liability cases
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
username medtronic is awesome! my hubby has their baclofen pump to manage his post stroke tone spasticity. 6 years next month!
suboxone got me fucked up.
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
lean toward naproxen if cv risk is a concern...&amp; celecoxib or low-dose ibuprofen if gi risk is a concern.
grass creek winery coalesces poorly-filtered albuterol essences and a delightful pheremone bouquet in their 1997 white pinot. hashtag أيها
username lunesta is trash.
half a sangria, with a viibryd chaser. on my way to being karen walker..
username because etanercept is also not orally absorbed it is unlikely to adversely affect the breastfed infant over 1 month of age
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
have you ever read dog? it's a good book. my mom is a super mario and my dad is a ransack. what's your favorite drink? mine is imodium ad.
antara golongan paling annoying adalah pilot wannabes. easily spotted on fb or twitter by plane pics (especially inside cockpit)..
username username i have a dea number and it begins with x - which means i have special training on the use of buprenorphine for addicts
disappointed by bone density scan results doctor not prescribing $4 copay sildenafil rebranded as pfizer's revatio (for pulmonory)
peter. you order fartophobia analytic gall foul jennifer aniston. ron movie star. poop tore fart embitter maul aranesp farts
username that was a blessing in disguise! cipro is poison, stay away from it if at all possible!!!
username you have the flu. go get some tamiflu stat!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
fun fact in 7th grade when i discovered i had anxiety problems i was put on prozac and the dr told my parents it was for acid reflux disease
vyvanse sucks. mom i don't care how you feel about it, i'm going back to adderall!
liveblog pristiq withdrawals 2013
hashtag cmsc2013: ptm is an important tool to allow patients to deliver a bolus of extra baclofen for pain/spasticity hashtag msresearch
username excellent stuff - my mum also had velcade before her stem cell therapy a couple of years ago.
username username thats what i want so whatevverrr” same. nicotine fein
seriously don't understand how the people behind thalidomide got away with selling such a sedative that caused so much damage. persevering face
this week is gonna require lots of adderall pill
kick-off bigmatch babak pertama antara username vs username hashtag championshipdivision hashtag finallfm2014
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
username in poland are extremely small chance to be refund spiriva astma treatment by polish health insurance found
my vyvanse is nowhere to be found... great.
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
here lies matthew russo, who died in his sleep choking on a throat lozenge
username 2/2 after starting victoza and had to lower basal also her rapid i:c ratio.
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
username yeah, synthroid has been around forever but my doc made me get the non-generic...still not sure why.
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
finally a day to recoup my energy; think hashtag humira finally working.
fluoxetine is not nice
nuclear giant exelon launches front group to cover its assets via username
username i am planning to have mine in my 'london underground' mug. it has a map on it. i am going to partake in a 'venlafaxine'.
diplomatic only bodeful carbs-acquaintance the lozenge
*texts smiley face to crestor ceo*
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hashtag fda approved: hashtag quetiapine aka hashtag seroquel
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hashtag viibryd hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag ocd hashtag meds hashtag confusion hashtag agitation hashtag itching
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
astrazeneca lifts sales forecast as nexium keeps on giving: london (reuters) - astrazeneca raised its 2014 sales forecast for the sec...
username loving sanjay and craig. yer character screams alot. throat lozenge?
i may or may have not taken half of my bottle of neurontin oops dont care bad day
but my favorite, by far, was i hurt so bad i need massive quantities of oxycodone constantly and it had better be $1 on medicaid because...
an excellent measuring stick to how funny something is in my life: have ventolin on hand/no need for ventolin
username fluticasone works wonders.....needs a prescription though.......
great news, more options for patients with hashtag dvt and hashtag pe fda approves pradaxa for treatment of deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism
this commercial for victoza has me wondering why one would take it. seems like the only side affect it doesnt cause is instant death.
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
username oh my. there's film about a thalidomide kick boxer. the title? kung fu flid.... speechless hashtag kungfuflid
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
i'm on antipsychotics, benzos, whatever suboxone is considered, smoked a blunt, and i feel good. good job mental healthcare professionals
username just been told by the nurse that i don’t need to take metformin any more as my blood sugars are quite low. thanks sw.
username hj for a lipitor. suck it for a boniva (i luv u username
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
does anyone else find that when you're on hashtag add meds, finding the perfect adjective is so incredibly satisfying? hashtag vyvanse hashtag adhd hashtag missadd
it's really sad that i can't get up without 8000 things cracking.i need some boniva or something. hashtag lifewithan80yearoldbody hashtag teamnocartilage
i'm pretty sure the symptoms for cymbalta are worse than being depressed
funny thing is,terr was thi one pharmacist came and asked me in chinese where is the location of celecoxib in the pharmacy.
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
username you deserve a break today - boniva hashtag goodtaglinewrongproduct” hashtag authentic tweet
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hashtag headache
username username username username i assume he gets enough exercise that we won't be selling him januvia someday? :&gt;)
day 28 losartan diary. how long does this drug stay in the body? now 5.5 days since last tablet, 8.5 since last rivaroxaban tablet.
thanks victoza commercial!!!
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
...which sucks because i have tried every drug there is for crohns and only the remicade and humira helped me in that dept. :(
username that dimwit will likely give her 12.5 of metoprolol and 2 of xanax q4
i bet pierre is sitting between the benches crying and eating prozac like its candy. hashtag homer
19th floor. pinocchio attacks alyssa milano with a bowel movement. barbara boxer teases imodium ad in the corner.
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hashtag needacigarette
username i'm now on 10mg olanzapine, it used to be 12.5mg
username time limitations is a struggle. aderoll didn't help my son. huge improvement since my son has been on abilify trazodone.
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
username imodium i know it too well. only way i can leave the house for multiple hours.
username ask if ur parents have imodium bc that's what helps me when i'm shitting myself into a black hole
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
sting. an am£azing sword. glows blue in the presence of orcs. and reminds you to take pregabalin with a little black dot.
don't call me bipolar unless u gon fill my lamictal prescription and deal with my highs and lows
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
i paid my the money waited for 2 days nigga a week later i called username dude told me he was still busy with cipro.
username username it's okay, if she ever does- just make her drink diclofenac and misoprostol together. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
merck wins fosamax registered (alendronate sodium) federal bellwether trial involving atypical femur fracture claims
merck statement regarding chmp review of incretin-based therapies for    type 2 diabetes, including sitagliptin
trevor's tamiflu $133.75 after coupons. colin's $233 after coupons because it is liquid!!!!
vyvanse is the most depressing drug out there. hashtag lastbottle hashtag donewithit
username s/o to the day 1 symbicort , to airomiiiir and to salbutamol ! ya already know ventoline ! yeaaaaaah
username xigris pretty much is. i don't know of a thing similar in the pipeline. btw have you seen username post on kalydeco?
username username lyrica causes me allergies
when u can fuck whoever you want because you have a nuvaring hyperlink
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
glaxosmithkline to pay ma $2.1 million to settle claims of promoting off-label uses of asthma drug advair hashtag fox25
username username try some buprenorphine that always helps me feel better
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
as of midnight last night i stopped smoking. these are no tar no tobacco no nicotine and they are vanilla flavourxx hyperlink
i need nicotine before i go into a rage.
jeff need to bring a nigga some adderall or focalin when he comes home.
headlines username 11 am ranbaxy says: us court rules in favour of co in nexium generic litigation
degassing some mobile phase for use in the baclofen assay hashtag scienceswag
give metformin now to reduce chance of needing metformin later?!? insane logic noted by username in username plenary today. username
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
i feel a bout of depression coming on. time to up the dosage on my fluoxetine (the generic form of prozac.)  more praying too.
ok, but scott from scott's &gt;&gt;&gt; crestor guy
not sure the paxil is working any more
practiced our didactic session on home tx of vte using rivaroxaban with copresenters username and username ready for saem next week.
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
username yho ndiyazazi miss a ubuvelelwe bt ke kuthwa xa unestres ziba worse,hopefully u r nt...get nexium works faster n z the best.
bruce wayne: *pre-puberty voice* batman: *needs throat lozenge*
if it weren't for nexium i'd probably be dead in a ditch somewhere
water polo xarelto cocoa pebbles brushing simon helberg airing donald sterling stevie wonder wild salmon verse tall proair hfa lucentis
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
heeey but tomorrow on the daily news crazy suboxone fiends running wild in kensington!!
t. gondii and at least ten others including tapeworm spike nf-kappab, which spikes tnf-alpha. remicade, embrel, humira all block tnf-alpha.
quetiapine and painkillers. good combination.
username hi michael, we had to buy mom's meds through canadian pharmacy. seventy dollars ea. for 180 namenda and exelon.
username username and since thalidomide what proof is there of success? none. just like the tsa never catching a terrorist.
username i don't have epilepsy but have severe anxiety. i take pregabalin the epilepsy meds.
zoga is the brand name for sildenafil citrate, and is used for treating erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension....
who named the drug latuda and why can't you eat grapefruit?!?
kalo disuruh pilih antara branded stuffs sama beauty youth,aku prefer banget looks beauty youth :d
when mom puts miralax in the alcohol hyperlink
username username username docs pushing fosamax -now women's leg bones breaking. oh yeah and how about hormones?
sildenafil and tenofovir are today's party drugs, for better or for worse, in any case, kids, do take care! hashtag lgbt hashtag hiv hashtag prep
seems takeda $scmp initiating an amitiza dtc in 3q14. $irwd
these nicotine lozenges are a god send when i'm craving a cig.
thought i could go without my nexium today. i was quickly proven wrong face with medical mask anxious face with sweat
cvs ran out of adderrall and vyvanse due to finals week demand
lexfire is transporting an assailant who says he is oding on suboxone via ems, victim is coming by pov. assault occurred on tates creek rd.
you know what i think is seriously messed up is the law that states in a mass tort lawsuit like the avandia case that any liens for hospital
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
this latest crestor commercial is just awful.
username pretty sure avery johnson has a lunesta sponsorship
my ferrous sulfate (for my anemia) and ventolin (for my asthma) are doing good.. thank you lord :)
heroin substitute hits a new high as methadone use falls: the use of expensive heroin substitute suboxone has increased 11 fold in sc...
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
two trips to ngh on consecutive days. blood test tues denosumab wed. parking fee for both days £7.40.
i knew finals were right around the bend when i had an adderall and a double shot of espresso for breakfast
mad adderall = no sleep
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
hey, you sorry ass motherfrickers! get off your internet lozenge! the real world awaits!! yell at trees!! touch stuff you've never touched!!
username they are fantastic! got me walking and 'normal' ish! give it time tho took 2 months to fully work.yay! humira? enbrel? im on enbrel
oh gosh wat a day!! i hope tadalafil is over once n fr all. thank u lord fr gvng me strength. i needed it, will need it.
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
sucampo files patent infringement lawsuit against dr reddy's for amitiza username username username username
vyvanse saves me. i have work at 7 every morning and stay on twitter tooo late !
put a lozenge in my mouth to stop me coughing at like 5am, woke up just now and a bit was still there hashtag choke
louder than i intended at brunch: no!! the boniva sally field, not that other one!
what do u mean my tweets don't provide ample evidence that i need a prescription for xanax adderall dilaudid oxycontin klonopin and vyvanse
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
username i'm on latuda and abilify for bipolar and it doesn't fucking work so what's the point
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username hi mate, i take etanercept weekly, and it's the best thing that's ever happened to me. used to struggle to walk, now i can run!
username and the oxycodone helps big time, but at massive dosing. not the life i envisioned chris. how r things with you?
the most adorable thing on tv is the spiriva elephant. and everyone is a total dick to it. hashtag jerks
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
username look forward to meeting you in the garden lobby this week, we thalidomide survivors have our art exhibition there.
i think i'm going to start leaving my nuvaring in for 4 weeks and only have a period every 3 months
maaaaaam,, i dont want to drink cough lozenge :( that taste is very very awful :@
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hashtag phantomsangre
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
miralax is a stool softener in case ya didn't know eyes pile of poo
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hashtag prozac
in san luis obispo today to see the dr. he prescribed amaryl to help the metformin lower my blood sugars. let's see how this works.
username oh yeeah, i had those on pristiq not so much on effexor.
oh poop fridge gone mental is freezing everything -on plus side my hashtag ensures will be very cold - thank f**k not still on hashtag humira hashtag crohns
gave a patient 200 mg of metoprolol po tonight. she gets it bid. hr in 70s and bp in 150/70 range. flushed face flushed face flushed face flushed face flushed face wonder what else they tried?!
username username not breaking news to my family. i just woke up to give my flu shot recipient husband his tamiflu and tylenol.
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
if you suffer from the human condition, ask your doctor about pristiq
maguerite writes: hi, how long does everyone get out of joint injections and also, anyones' views on meds, especially enbrel, please?
username i been on metformin for a year and lost 30lbs now i'm on victoza as well. is any 1 else on victoza has it worked for them
you're more generic than a prescription of seroquel
celebrating nearly one year on quetiapine with some delicious quetiapine. mmm. quick release for instant no-madness.
username why did my doctor put me on cymbalta for fibromyalgia? what ever happened to good old fashioned narcotics?
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
the guys son in the crestor commercial is so hot
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
username if this doesn't work, i'm trying the lamictal next.
note to self: never mix hydrocodone and oxycodone ever again!
the no. 1 treatment for hashtag pcos is not metformin or bcps or spironolactone; but attaining and maintaining a normal weight through a good diet
i tried pristiq once since i thought it might give me a more responsive dick but the side effects were absolute hell
username maybe bathroom was looking for one and larp needed a lozenge. wake up, helms! hashtag payitforward
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
i love gabapentin pill  smiling face with smiling eyes
moms making me take tamiflu to make sure i don't get it grinning face with sweat expressionless face
effexor pphn lawsuit filed over failure to warn about pregnancy risks hashtag effexor hashtag news hashtag antidepressant
rt username drug information update - fda approves the first non-hormonal treatment (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause‏
in other words, metformin is protective against cancer...
speaking of mental illness, i got seroquel today. hardly slept in a week. taking a big dose at 9pm and passing out for 12 hours.
username yes. two types of antiviral drugs, rimantadine (flumadine) and oseltamivir (tamiflu), have been shown to be effective against in
username doubt numbers are much different. like some data. i'm talking single agent trials. not velcade plus pomalidomide phase i :)
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
damn you spiriva commercial with elephants
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
username  that's just sent my anxiety into double tamazepam mode
really embarrassing that in this age, the hashtag fda still points to thalidomide as their signature win.
managed an evening out no loperamide in bag. anxiety highs and lows and stomach churning but i managed it. no excuse to go home early!
username or adderall
username username what meds do you take? since being tapered off paxil, i have been on latuda but now tapering off for abilify.
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
drgotti:no significant dif. between bosertanandsildenafil apart from d fact that sildenafil allowsyou to do more exercise hashtag lol hashtag esccongress
ok the next appointment i have with my asthma doctor i'm telling her i don't want to take advair anymore
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
tbt to when we lost maridia at the senior reds game lolol
leanne pullins clark can tecfidera or gabapentin cause ankle swelling?
username adderall is a college drug! we will go cray next year! pulling all night era with the help of adderall
rt username jbjs case connector: bleeding risks associated with pradaxa carry potentially serious orthopaedic consequences hyperlink
username i feel like if i started taking adderall or something i'd have much better grades
that dude from viox services seriously thought he'd pick me up with winky eyebrows and a come hither finger. seriously, fuck off shitface.
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
username i take nexium 40mg. i'm surprised at water causing it for you. tap water?
username so what do you take for the pn?? i'm on gabapentin 2700mg/day, nortriptyline, and metanx and still have breakthrough pain! ugh
hashtag sundayfunday username nothing says class like calico jack value time string cheese camels and half a generic lunesta thumbs up ”
review on miracle tonic advocate- great thalidomide notes with hint of tiger blood and definite gasoline aftertaste. mouthfeel is burning.
wtf seroquel get to work so i can get to sleep. hashtag insomnia
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
username i went in for a gastroscopy and they ended up giving me dexilant and pouting face i wanted to punch her in the throat hyperlink
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
username username its medicine. oxycontin, prozac prescriptions are killing people. legalize and tax it like alcohol.
can't sleep. no marijuana. pop trazodone. username
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
victoza isn't for weight loss? then why the fuck would i want it? i don't even care what it's supposed to be used for, just cut my belly fat
except the adderall isn't kicking in so i'm still dead
ventolin has been the only thing keeping me alive this weekend. hashtag stupidlungs
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
username username username re cei's memantine: fair to say- most key opinion leaders have staggering 'joint working' with pharma
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
rt username phil mickelson from the enbrel commercials is probably the creepiest real person i've ever seen. he never blinks.
username well, it wasn't even offered to me so i think its the bp but they did offer aubagio and something that started with an i i think
oh good, this symbicort commercial has a whimpering golden retriever in it. i'm sure that won't drive eliot crazy. at all.
hashtag healthcanada pulls 5 medications off the shelf: amlodipine, ciprofloxacin, lamotrigine, norfloxacin and telmisartan. hashtag cbcmtl
thalidomide was 'armless ;d
username thanks. ehlers-danlos syndrome. on mobic since july '12; dxed aug '12. cymbalta since oct '12. ultram celebrex useless
xarelto side effect: may cause bleeding, most of which is serious and sometimes leads to death that sounds fantastic.
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
username so ur noncomplaint with ur meds, give them to me? (ill take ur seroquel too)
vyvanse make me such a happy person
my next two humira shots tomorrow. :-) at least it's early-ish, so it doesn't mess up the rest of my day.
username it all might be due to restlessness. hashtag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
username username metoprolol will help;  so will a w!
username username i hear efavirenz and amphetamines mix well.
hashtag coffee hashtag weightloss supplement contains banned rx drug sibutramine which was taken off market due to hashtag cardiovascular risks hashtag buyerbeware
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
humira injected!!! fuck you hashtag crohns hyperlink
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
don't take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. wow.. thank you captain obvious.
a morning talk show, but it's hosted by non-morning people all wasted, hungover and apathetic before the coffee and adderall kicks in.
he become my inhaler (ventolin) for the whole night . sayang , remember . ventolin , not violin face blowing a kiss
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
i need a throat lozenge *ricola horn*
re: tysabri rt: username on tysabri for 3yrs, relapse free 2+ yrs. had to stop as expecting 1st child but plan to go back! good luck :)
omg crestor is my life
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
been on leave a week now and i’ve done nada. finally went to er for my back and they gave me oxy, gabapentin and cyclobenaprine. astonished face pill pill pill
anyone who hates needles and is refusing enbrel for arthritis, seriously, don't be a pussy. this is the needle lol hyperlink
username levofloxacin and vitamin c works! prayers too !
growing list of meps asking the eu to get thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to compensate those they disabled. time for justice. 50+ years
username username i've done miralax in gatorade. i imagine you find an alt w/o corn
benadryl, hot green tea, fluticasone is my bestfriend tonight
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
you know you're old when nexium is your drug of choice.
username i don't want to jinx things but *whispers* i think i'm starting to feel gabapentin taking some effect. fingers crossed smiling face with smiling eyes
essentials for finals : adderall coffee redbull stress ball alcohol weed and a god damn miracle
yet to ahome an ni restaurant without loading up on nexium before retiring
username dude has not eaten a cheeseburger since high school, so i doubt he has nicotine problems lol
username username hashtag cmscop11: veterinary diclofenac is a real risk to vultures in spain hashtag banvetdiclofenac hyperlink
username username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username .probably needs his namenda dosage increased, just like harry reid.
veeprho pharmaceuticals s.r.o. is a manufacturer and supplier of all impurities of moxifloxacin as per pharmacopoeia rrt.
effient is more effective than plavix...but causes more bleeding. that's why it's not for patients with a prior stroke or tia, or over 75.
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
oh my fucking jesus . . . i lost another ten pounds. thanks to everyone for all the support, in particular metformin and the gym 60lbs more!
zyprexa relprevv just killed two people according to username hashtag cannabis never killed anyone
i took my first dose of humira on wed. still waiting for it to kick in...is it supposed to get worse before it gets better?
log off bruh username u ever fingered a bitch and got a finger caught in her nuvaring ? me either
username like ritonavir which boosts darunavir or atazanavir :)
espial the truth ccie conditioning at cathyschool: viox
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
hashtag teaminsomnia guess i should take this trazodone the dr. gave me ... hate prescriptions ... but need sleep sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
someone hook me up with some adderall so i can finish these 6 essays
taking pregabalin ,amitriptyline , codeine for me/cfs hashtag domedswork
i'm fucking tiredddddddd . might as well take my trazodone and knock the fuck out
username username watching him period upsets my stomach. i think i may need imodium md or something
username thalidomide on the keyboard alert
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hashtag bpdchat
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
username how has aubagio been treating you??
educated patient who received sample of advair discus. now patient aware to inhale entire dose rinse mouth after use. hashtag pharmacist hashtag educate
just imagine how smart the us would be if everyone was required to be on vyvanse or adderall
getting very excited about starting tysabri on 17th ! feeling very positive :)
username ask your doctor about fosamax if you have osteoporosis or olympic aspirations.
username u take paxil? it's helped me. i can actually leave my house now.
username whant to join viox
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
username alvesco is the reason for the teardrops on my guitar
.@notrevenant fortunately that room isn't required to win (it just connects crateria to maridia and i can just go there through brinstar)
you are delusional! you should seek help! risperdal or zyprexa would do the job!
i judge the time in the evenings by can i get away with taking a seroquel to knock myself out yet or is it too early
this is the part about taking metformin that truly sucks.
gotta be up in 2.5 hours.... lol whaaaat where that bitch lunesta at
rt@fehelowedumaf: a melancholy oatmeal perfume and blissful albuterol midtones are combined in the 1993 chardonnay from siriani winery. #...
wine and trazodone.
you know what word sounds funny? lozenge.
obat enak ta iku vick? rt username i've been in hashtag porn for 10 years and am not on hashtag prozac or hashtag zoloft..... yet
huh?@kaakyire06: oh really??wow username username is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hashtag nahapyep
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
fart wayne are is metamucil. lyricist different from the korean but stock market am happy. vesicare cholera spam sappy dog fart
username man it's just u n me lozenge had abandoned us
i believe username just launched an avodart into the hashtag rydercup opening ceremonies.
exhausted and in pain, taken some oxynorm, pregabalin and paracetamol to help with the pain so hopefully it'll ease (and chill me out lol grinning squinting face ).
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hashtag forevertogo hashtag headache hashtag irritable hashtag toomanyhashtags hashtag makeitstop
time to go off tysabri and start an oral medication. anyone out there on one of the orals? advice?
username just turbo charge the engine u have and you'll have an effient yet powerful vehicle
got my doctors appt. hopefully my tysabri goes well
yay! i made a 100% on my zostavax exam! i literally shake before each exam! ugh!!! 10 hours of studying paid off... 3 1/2 more weeks!
username we still only use plavix, asa, and aggrenox as antiplatelets in stroke secondary prevention.
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
username i'm getting you help. or prozac.
username you’ve finished with your med pass already? pappy’s got game! throwing geodon like rip taylor threw confetti?
2 hashtag fda hashtag ok's today janssen's invokamet (canagliflozin/metformin) 4 t2 diabetes takeda's velcade (bortezomib) expanded 4 relapsed responders
ics related pneumoina: associated is higher with fluticasone and with higher doses. hashtag asthma hashtag copd hashtag chest2014
$mnkd already lost interest hearing about exubera
username username prayer can't help you now... you ate it! lol imodium is your only hope.
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
username username i pick winner antara mino vs jongin....
username username 9pm thalidomide survivors and parents recall first moments of life and the terrible actions of some medical staff
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hashtag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hashtag psychosis hashtag fail
username loperamide bes
synthroid barely edged out crestor in terms of total prescriptions (new prescriptions and refills) 23,025,870 to 22,868,588.
is disgusted sally field only this week got a star on the hollywood walk of fame...take the boniva shove it!
eating paleo but taking prozac kinda defeats the purpose, right?
i will need prayers for sanity today. and a chaser; like prozac or oxycontin.
been off tiotropium a couple of months and the ol' cough-cough-cough is creeping back... restarting tomorrow to see if it goes again.
kamagra sildenafil jelly - cheapest, finest and most effective treatment for ed................. hyperlink
my mum was offered thalidomide for morning sickness. she said no, luckily.
username the treatment dosing recommendation for oral oseltamivir for children younger than 1 year is 3mg/kg twice a day. recommended trea
username username check thalidomide the arrogance of science and profit remember rome and their lead water pipes
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hashtag cantbetheonlyone hashtag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
i need to add diclofenac and paracetamol to my office drawer pharmacy :/ hashtag midthirtieslife
if you find that a asthmatic is on a xopenex inhaler chance they're allergic to albuterol....so assess for allergies before administration.
username birds are effient . one whole, all purpose.
10 days of cipro again.. ugh
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
username no xanax , i want a cocktail :d made with : diazepam , lorazepam , trazodone , oxycodone , hydrocodone :d
does anyone else here love the crestor commericlas as muchd as me?
murdered prius with the nuvaring interior
effexor lawsuits involving heart birth defects removed to federal court hashtag effexor hashtag news hashtag antidepressants
white chicks with lozenge smiling face person raising hand
1/2 $mnkd b/c yes, its obviously a better investment going w/ failed exubera guy on product that
was playing skyrim and i had a thought. is the same voice actor as meridia the same voice actor for merideth from da2?  hashtag da2 hashtag skyrim
all pharmacies in the area have exhausted their supplies of tamiflu
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of its contents love us adverts.
who is the guy in the eliquis commercial talking to? his wife is in the room but he is not looking at her or into the camera.
valium, pristiq 2 beers before a tutorial that encourages discussion. what could possibly go wrong?
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
username username username yeah he could do with some imodium for his mouth complaint
sources say: to supply apis for diovan generic divi's lab price:1419 change: +61.55 percent change: +4.53%
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hashtag mewmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag mentalhealth hashtag bipolar
a 100-proof albuterol finish and continental ketchup elements are intertwined in the 1994 cabernet from oak meadows vineyards. hashtag ad
username 41 days of levaquin ordered until cultures are back with specific bacteria results. they are determined to cure infection first
someone take gregg's boniva from him with all that hulkin' he doing.  hashtag rhoa
new insurance keeps rejecting enbrel requests. in the meantime, my body's eating itself. by all means insurance, keep dragging this out hashtag nbd
top stories on mkts@lunch: divi's lab rallies; co likely to supply api for diovan generic
self-destructing negative ads of medicines. victoza for diabetes ad - 30% about benefits; 70% about why one shouldn't take it. hashtag fb
see?! rt username latuda is the worst name. who approved this.
just realized i'm staying the night and i have no seroquel. fml.
imodium ad senioritis
as it turns out, i not only needed puppy cuddles to feel better, but i was also down a cup of coffee and i forgot my viibryd
choose the best choice for ur future.. god bless rt username antara karier dan pasangan hidup :(”
never take fosamax
overall, it was good news. i'm starting on the synthroid today, re-checking my levels in 6 weeks. still anemic but improving. hashtag gettingthere
username ah i see. one day off the advair and im in bad shape confounded face at least youve figured out ways to control the flare ups! feel better!
username i'm more of a crestor man myself.
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hashtag ihatethis
username :-( did you ever look into humira/biologics?
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hashtag crps hashtag fml
username vigabatrin ... cause visual field contraction
if anybody tries to fuck up my thanksgiving, i'm putting miralax in their drink idc
username flovent 110mcg and proair
rosuvastatin might be better than atrovastatin in patients with t2dm. listen trial hashtag esccongress
can you mix temazepam and red wine? asking for a friend.
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
my sisters kids are the 12 and 4 th ones, alivia, meridia and, her son kayne! and then there is josie! love them! hyperlink
username if you're comparing it to $1b+ drugs, u should have had januvia + incivek (which was a $1b+ drug). or tecfidera?
enbrel shots hurt.
i need some ambien or geodon to knock my ass out. fr fr. hashtag teamnosleep hashtag insomnia
username right it's not live but it elicits an immune response and that's what i don't like. i've taken tamiflu and it works great!
username still hearing voices.? if i were you i start with seroquel 100mg bid. should minimize them voices.. hashtag psychosis hashtag bipolar..
rt username new in hashtag stroke: dabigatran benefits in hashtag afib stroke prevention consistent across both asian and non-asian patients hyperlink
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
januvia for diabetes 2 costs around $300 for a month. merck
hashtag winregion1 janese murray, vp d&amp;i exelon was awesome!!
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
username imodium tablets
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
seroquel and rimeron and buspar and lithium make up p's new regime. i'm hopeful.
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
oxycodone is bae right meow lol
$frx submits nda for nebivolol and valsartan combination in hypertension
username username docs didn't share your optimism when faced with exubera lung testing
56. which of the following causes wet pillow syndrome: a. marijuana b. epinephrine c. levofloxacin d. clozapine e. slegeline medical mcqs
azithromycin and levofloxacin use and increased risk of cardiac arrhythmia and death
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
sleepy joey is sleepy. gabapentin is my friend. might be time to tilt this bed back.
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hashtag tuboficecream hashtag timetochange hashtag junkfood hashtag gym
username i wonder if there would be a benefit with atorvastatin or rosuvastatin hashtag aha14
username any, but pvp you need to be ad for esotr akatosh ep for esotr meridia. msg username for akatosh or username for meridia
vyvanse is the best diet pill out there
tip to all: twerking is easier on adderall
beware of robbie cipro. he punches girls in the head, knocks them to the ground and who knows what else. hashtag youcouldbethenextvictim
perbandingan antara 3 kandidat head coach of the year award, ancelotti, low simeone. hyperlink
your porn name is the name of the primary drug you take and your favorite cooking oil. so mine is latuda sesame
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username cipro is poison whether it's expired or not!
thankfully i can come off my lamictal in 3 days. tapering isn't as slow is titration
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
victoza having a very good day- highlights from their obesity clinical trial program and phase 2 trial in type 1 dm
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
brief-bayer says new data affirm effectiveness of xarelto as therapy for dvt
and ventolin username salbutamol is my only friend
i guess aviva has copd since she was sucking in spiriva or something. hashtag imaginaryillness hashtag rhony
username username username nexium not good for b12.
username username also possible leah is on suboxone or methadone. suboxone i know is outrageous..like $700 a month! w/o insurance
i'm on my second lozenge.
what's xigris classified as? a super expensive drug that you don't give unless they're meeting jesus at the pearly gates.  oh okay.
would recommend nuvaring 10/10 best bangs
buprenorphine and methadone. once daily dose to stop withdrawal. bd-tds dosing to treat pain. hashtag iaspcongress2014
username i hated trazodone. i felt like i took nothing. have u tried lunesta? i guess so since u said everything. i'd didn't like lunesta
i've had a sweaty-ball-sucking day!  there are way to many dick-weasels in the world and now i have to break out my oxycodone sam adams!
sigh. dosage of both fluoxetine and hydroxyzine increase to 2.
atorvastatin 20mg first line for primary prevention for diabetes hashtag gpgeneral
username he is stable. supposed to be coming home with nurses. on xarelto med. in tx. i'm in ga. 3 clots in lung. scary. thank you.
was surprised to learn today of updated apixaban label with dosing in esrd, essentially at normal dose. not sure i believe it.
username hi...how long have you been on tysabri
wish my followers schedules coincided with my adderall highs so they could actually be around when my tweets are somewhat interesting
username username increasingly seeing pregabalin being abused prescribed in large quantities to those with existing addictive disorders
username who's advair
this old guy from the hashtag xarelto commercial is a fucking badass. hashtag flowersandnewzealand
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
username btw ryan eisner, the subject of this xigris story, was very inspired by your story!
a door opened and banged shut and there was silence. order boniva without prescription buy advair diskus no…
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
suboxone up the nostril, cutting the hedge which is more like something out of the amazon...having a smoke!
sun. eve hashtag rhony guilty-pleasure-catch up...wonder if username doc told her to rinse after ea. advair inhalation to prevent thrush.
ed update: sildenafil has cardioprotective effects      10-21-14 ed update check out the latest updates in ... hyperlink
username nope, that pastor in buru was not a politician!! any idea how sildenafil citrate works?
username currently on remicade +methotrexate, celebrex. ran through enbrel, humira, simponi. enbrel worked best 2-1/2 years.
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
username username lecture was probably from a marketing-type who happened to forget that compounds like januvia come from r&amp;d.
username this is how i get amitiza every month (for ibs-c)! $25/month instead of $85.
lunesta in hand:i like going to sleep to thunder rain
taking suboxone in a bmw lmao
username give her some miralax !
not suitable for women who may become pregnant so don't take crestor if you plan on getting it on tonight? hashtag cholesterol
di antara bintang // dkt tirai bas while reading the suck conversations and farrahien suddenly whispered. hg rindu kan em em sadlife!
fda reviewer who did outside analysis on eliquis trial and problems, said of china research, that, basically, you get what you pay for.
i do not understand how people prefer vyvanse over adderall.
username username username username they found a small ulcer they gave me nexium for that they did 2 biopsies
taking adderall was a great choice until i noticed some dust and ended up cleaning my entire bathroom with q-tips for an hour.
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
username yes, was given oxygen and albuterol and was released.
username hink a made up your das prescription today, wish him all the best with 28 diclofenac 25mg m/r tablets xox
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
username drugs like avandia (small sample relative to all meds) may have hidden something. fda has to approve which takes years. gov...
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hashtag boo
so i've spent an hour of my morning looking at reviews on youtube for the nuvaring now i'm freaked out. flushed face
username username username yeah whoops sorry latuda
. piling xanax on risperdone when they were already administering paxil lunesta on top of the required hashtag betablocker just so i'd answer the
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
think i might need hashtag xarelto but dont know why
i need a vyvanse. right meow.
username username you know i’m wondering if they wanna come up off some tickets to give families reprieve. oxycodone must kicked in.
username i have continual pain in my feet. i am on lyrica and cymbalta but have to take hydrocodone at bedtime or awake all night. :-((
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
username in abu dabai now mate!  i will try not too.....got plenty of imodium though winking face
just found out there's a new drug called tradjenta. working on obtaining type 2 diabetes, so i can take tradjenta and be the ultimate.
username do you have the buprenorphine ready?
i started on new treatment (tysabri) in early 2010 which has been a very good for me. there has been great advances in treatment in 8 years
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
username ok.....no problem. i did think running shoes and snorting prozac were at the opposite end of the relationship spectrum.
username there was this pain drug mc contin, and they wanted to make it stronger, mixed it with oxycodone - boom, oxycontin.
username but it happened after i added the digoxin. i had gone thru beta-blocker, propafenone, and amiodarone. but had increased bystolic too
username username username we appreciate your interest in suboxone rehab. thanks for following!
selamat sore ladds!!!jangan lupa nanti malam ada match antara united vs stoke city!!lets get another 3 point today!!
username nak kan celecoxib terus.mmg tak lah.public dont realize how safe and effective pcm are.
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hashtag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
so conclusionnya, antara nak dgn tak je. plus to keep fit is for ur own good. for the long run. malaysian is the largest obese if xsilap.
username username mind that my partner cant breathe she needs ventolin now please
*puts on bow tie made from suboxone wrappers*
woke up today with a nice surprise. started feeling tingling in my weak foot toes! could tysabri be working? hopeful to help drop foot issue
username username username e-fucking-xactly! know how long i was still getting darvocet scripts after it was taken off the market
username zorvolex is manufactured using the submicron dynamic release technology. which makes diclofenac 20% smaller in size (2)
the coolest shirt on the planet hashtag cipro hyperlink
ugh. maybe cymbalta can help my ass.
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
is there an appropriate way to snort adderall in public?? asking for a friend
username if exubera could get bought out (w/o efficacy) ... afrezza is better ... wait till when they ann a partnership :)
username nexium rules mister prez, feel better.
and smoke oxycontin. and here i am sucking on nicotine lozenges and downing tea like i ain't addicted!
fluticasone propionate is fucking magic
she changed clothes seven times for that one commercial! - my grandma talking about blythe danner in that prolia commercial. face with tears of joy
username username so true - all the time! i see commercials for pradaxa lawsuits already.  agreed they sell u on new improved.
if i could go get my tysabri i would!
oh noes! sad elephant is spiriva commercial looks like misses cantor! hashtag maddow hyperlink
paxil = death has some of the highest withdrawal symptoms of a drug in it's class thank you wikipedia for highlighting my fear
hashtag australiansforcoal because we have to sell it before it gets banned like thalidomide
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
all these lean rappers on notice for false-flagging until they make a song abt how bad suboxone tastes
q2 learn to treat dependence with buprenorphine
rt username our exclusive weight loss teas contain super oolongs with 40x the gamma-aminobutyric acid content of regular green tea! so…
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
pt on suboxone has oxy script, why are you on suboxone? cause i fucking have a problem! bingo, as i feed oxy script to shredder
got dx with hypothyroidism yesterday. started synthroid today. anyone else suffered through this?
username puffin from dat bronchodilator and ciclesonide inhalation dashing away collision ” sick times styll ya kno! hashtag straightpuffin
they're talking about lithium and klonopin and seroquel and abilify and xanax and effexor and trazodone
omg!!! o o just had the biggest scare ...almost just choked on a lozenge... :( tjat was scary!!!
my friend zack likes whining. what's your favorite dexilant movie? mine is a diarrhea-filled dog.
slutty ofloxacin
rt username niacin, vyvanse, advil, sleeping pills, repeat. hashtag druggedup
rode my bike to/from work, went for a couple of walks, walked down 5 flights of stairs, and took out the trash myself. enbrel rocks. hashtag rheum
i probably need cymbalta. lol
username pharmacist even came up to me and said i could buy diclofenac - just use double the dose the shop bought ones come in. cheeky!
it's really difficult to study and do homework when your on oxycodone
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
still confuse , antara aiman hafeez and iqmal rosli ; sorry .
both options essential. 4 some buprenorphine causes anxiety: &gt; like a speedball. oral morphine better than both imho. username username
username i stopped taking zyprexa after jail. the other day, i flushed my pills, 2 years' worth, down the toilet.
singulair may be helpful for the gi side effects for patients on tecfidera for hashtag multiplesclerosis - poster presentation at aan.
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
rt username sleep is for people who don't have anymore vyvanse.
jon boniva jovi hashtag oldermusicians username
rt username russia is _angry_ with potus for protecting monsanto who makes nicotine based insecticides. when seeds are eaten by...
username asthma is no joke dude. advair or flovent work really well for me.
 index pointing up medical student died after taking banned weight loss drug bought online: she was prescribed anti-depressant fluoxetine, but had bee...
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
jeosornengig 255 mg: hi there! purchase vardenafil , buy generic prozac , buy priligy no prescription , purchase cialis online no…
username i'm not trying to prove anything. fact is that victims of gardasil vaccine damage are suing merck. the vioxx ban evolved similarly.
$scmp expands amitiza armnt w takeda, 14m upfront but 6/14m foes toward costs, no royalty but supplies drug at cost + unknown
lunesta my bestfriend
grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide also make tramadol with sales £millions in uk/nhs. yet they refuse to compensate those disabled in uk
verdict from the doctor is that it's just a stomach bug. imodium and yogurt for the next few days, and both boys should be back to normal.
username i go home til the 22nd today :( got about 300 words left but it's more disjointed than a thalidomide baby atm. need graphs too
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
bout to have a kick ass summer then it's time to get serious fer school hashtag vyvanse hashtag geekmode
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
username hashtag myboyfriendisnotallowedto sigh in public . you tired or sad ? cymbalta can help .lmfao chill :,)
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
username ecigs are now part of my personal brand please allow me to smoke nicotine vapor in your home”
whos got that vyvanse at the airport hahah
the glorification of adderall during finals is ridiculous. it's basically legal coke tbh
i forgot to take my nexium last night. major heartburn rn :/
username need that dr. tischner's...mucinex....and either tamiflu or tylenol cold flu severe
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
my job is singing with children almost everyday. i have once again lost my voice due to acid reflux. hope to get it back soon. nexium again.
username (i stayed on venlafaxine for quite a long time because i thought it was working because when i missed a dose i felt awful.)
minister to clover in passage to your strolling phenomenon for the hitch and hike services in point of honolulu: viohx
i want to know if phil nicholson needs enbrel to tie his shoes or to buy his kids a new bmw and a way into some harvard prep school.
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
username username vimpat is considered a narcotic drug because of its side effects. i wouldn't want to risk some1 else being injured
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
took 3 adderall before school and i am busting out my scholarly paper finally haha, hopefully i get it turned in by the 4th submission
kik: vioxx - if you want to chat about stupid bullshit.
username i'm curious if you have considered trying certain drugs for bulimia? apparently prozac (fluoxetine) works well for that.
username yes went well and i'm doing fine. repair of ankle ligaments from bad sprains. sucks being off enbrel but no infection!
count yourself lucky if you don't know what metformin smells like
hi, my name is ryan mcphee and for my dramatic monologue i will be performing blythe danner's prolia commercial.
username username i just kept screaming at my better half over and over and over as if i had lost my mind and needed geodon. lol.
just love ufo's just poo enbrel widely darkcoin arno willemstein gassy am delightful. you order preserved confused licorice
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hashtag rxisin hashtag pam
username enbrel was my 1st biologic. then cimzia now orencia *fingers crossed*
dear trazodone, please knock me out tonight. sincerely, sleep deprived
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” banana anyone??!
username sorry about the throat. get a lozenge (dequadine,strepsils,medica,menthodex or any other good one)
why did i just buy a bottle of fluoxetine we'll never know
username miralax will
motivate scale fart rind did cristiano ronaldo marry snoopy? ate chop suey diarrhea toilet brushes hoisin sauce symbicort
username i'm sure it helps that you are so active. i did eventually lose my olanzapine lbs, so there is hope. :)
bus loading ventolin hfa cranberry power rangers. a blueberry outback steakhouse friendly a horse mumps was what was expected eczema
took my lamotrigine (#14) at 1704 utc. long drive ahead of me today. hope my back pain goes away.
top stories on mkts@lunch: ranbaxy username soars in trade; gets usfda nod for diovan generic username
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
bystolic is my bp med! don't you understand! sir, i'm well aware what bystolic is for, but thanks for the info.
username username exubera was a big fricking bong. apples to oranges
i lied guys, that adderall is saving my life.
guess who just purged her gmail for the first time in five years. vyvanse wins this round!
username i took two and made miralax in water. so if that's any insight, i hope it helps!
username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
crestor *and* lipitor?! someone needs a cmr, stat! rt: username hahaha hyperlink
you, me and duloxetine hashtag pharmafilms
username username get pregabalin prescribed for nerve pain mate works a treat
username i never had issues with the shot.. i'm on the nuvaring now,, i'm only two months in so i can't really say much
username ...difficult time w/pain. seeing a neurologist in january, hope i get some answers help. in the meantime, i have oxycodone
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username do you want to work for grunenthal who disabled 1000s of people with thalidomide and refuses to compensate them?
time to get more latuda to stop the voices hashtag wiunion!
username username conditions, that's a good idea. but pain clinic still only gave me pregab and celecoxib until i had surgery 2...
first day i'm actually taking vyvanse in weeks and i feel so productive but i'm not even doing what i should be doing o well
username username username good god man, here am i having a cuppa in leafy devon and you're talking tamazepam and stanley knives!
username we didnt like copaxone too much. mom is on tecfidera now! amazing! pill form
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
copd trials are extremely challenging- stroke, mi's happen in this patient population requiring the 5000 pts per arm. spiriva hashtag fda adcom
username y do you mention bad musicians when i mention thalidomide and no i'm not watching that.
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
florida is in need of cymbalta! all this depression and shit!
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
username all the effort and passion in the world is nt enough. paxil patients r suffering from a giant hole ripped in their soul.
username username iand i'm on lamictal vimpat potega
oxycontin 30/80 dill xanax 2mg dilaudid opana roxicodone adderall 30m (downtown)
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
username username username we need help to see if she had cipro, avelox, or levaquin -drs. deny these drugs mame and kill
username be aware of meds like lyrica that mask pain. condition still there. fix the neuropathy the pain goes away.
username i dont remember, but how common is pradaxa these days? back in medical during ho, not many patients were on it
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
let me be your fiend, you'll be my nicotine.
2:45am loperamide saves me.
6. the makers of hashtag nuvaring took the data of two of women with hashtag estrogen surges out of the calculations for the chart they have on the label
username username i had pregabalin for a few months during an incredibly bad time. lots of side effects though.
kv diary: 4/26/14 8:30pm 116 1/2 lbs 1 pristiq chicken nachos, dinner salad, soda. 36 hrs since last cry
username hee gaw!! may need to double dip the bystolic tonight
keagan has the flu. so tamiflu and no school for a few days.
username i got sally fields number she has some boniva  for you
username physic pun psal things yang jadi around us . x tahu cmne nk ckp hahah . antara topics : light , sound and lain2 .
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
cymbalta may cause*dead voice-reads fast* dryness,redness of the eye and burnin in the anus.ppl consult with ur doctor before takin cymbalta
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. chop banana till u go yo.
username concerta , vycanse , ritalin , focalin , adderall ... ive been on all of them but i get put back on focalin friday
lol rt username :d rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
sorafenib is also used to treat hepatocellular carcinoma-cheapharmacy in kolkata contact harry roberts for health care products and health
username username so funny, i had hashtag humira for breakfast too just told dh i think that shot hurt less than any other time! hashtag rheum
username i love the pink urinal lozenge lol
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
baclofen pump has been given to many in uk costing 8,000 pounds yet unblocking our necks costs just 500 pounds only and denied
username i'm at the thalidomide society agm in loughborough uni yawn yawn
username have you taken a lunesta and tried to tweet?
username i'll buy you a paxil smoothie.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical foundin prozac username seewhatyourmissing
hall of miralax hashtag badamusementparkattractions
i need some damn cymbalta then i guess ..
username i need alvesco but id be ok with ativan
username username it's not finals if you're not counting your hours of sleep and how many mg of adderall you can take face with tears of joy tired face
i can hear the commercial now... mariah carey: ask your doctor about boniva because...we belong togethaaaaaah!!!
username yeah, i think that's my biggest dilemma. i'm never sure if the humira is working.
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hashtag arthritisprobs
username adderall
it was the damn tamiflu
hashtag aquarius: aliskiren did not improve or slow progression of coronary atherosclerosis - stephen nicholls hashtag esccongress2013
interesting that latuda is a sponsor for gh
rt username from earlier today: novartis' sandoz unit starts late-stage trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel hyperlink
username username username lmao, i love how there's a suboxone ad right under her pic. how appropriate...
username username and then you miss keith's nexium ads grinning squinting face grinning face with sweat grinning squinting face grinning face with sweat
username or the kinda power they were after wasn't as effient as they hoped.
username paroxetine or phenelzine?
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
i had a dream that i had legal prescriptions for xanax, vyvanse and oxycontin. man, shit was so caaaaaash.
username the best way to help yourself is to get some tamiflu 75mg bid username least 10 tablets. take that shit as soon as you get symptoms!
username pfizer dumped exubera as a flop. whether you take viagra is your business. glad you kicked your smoking habit, too.
cartoon edgewise penis ozitzovt fart night my friend fresh likes breaking flovent hfa burpy is bart simpson. stand squeezers
me (to patient): it's time to take your medicine, here is your neurontin pill. patient: i'm not taking a rotten pill!!! hashtag thingsmypatientssay
username when is the army of meridia gonna get fixed?
username lcz696 includes moieties of valsartan and sacubitril from which is classified as angiotensin receptor-neprilysin inhibitor (arni).
what kind of world do we live in where i pay $10 for xanax $150 for nuvaring under my insurance plan? hashtag confused username hashtag wtfwednesday
drug rehab directory username   :nathalia conway username :buy revia online , suboxone buprenorphine/naloxone hashtag dru...
username hahaha you i be thinkin the same thing face with tears of joy one time a lady thought my name way lyrica lmao
takin adderall and then smokin loud..is the best feelin ever, like frfr.
tmd. i hate this. gonna take second dose of lyrica in hopes that it might help
$regn - seeing several firms out with cautious comments after no eylea beat and only a modest raise in guide. they expect pull-back in stk
right about now i should take trazodone to knock my lights out but maybe twitter jail will instead
i know i'm not in an early rrms it could be advancing but the tysabri is holding it off.... for a while ! we stay strong because we can!!
my drag, name is viox inc. :3 viox inc, is elaganza-exravaganza and very bitch. username
i don't tradjenta is a good pills or not .
mike broemmel is a convicted felon but michael odegard is mentally ill doesn't take zyprexa. who knows who he could be out slaughtering.
penicillin, omeprazole, gabapentin ibuprofen and codeine.that's how i rattle n roll! the pain's still there but the giant unicorn's helping!
unless u been on adderall or focalin or vyvanse since 6th grade, you are by definition a drug using addict dumbass
and a bladder infection - well she's been on levaquin and iv fluids so idk how that's our fault... so they need to stop acting like it is
depression hurts cymbalta can help
ok this new twitter client behaves like an ex of mine. sporadic and off the paxil..in an instant. yowza
go and buy sildenafil username username but i don't want to. how do i stop it?
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
username ok! copd! he takes advair oxygen?
yep. rt username a friendship promise love ring is a nuvaring, no?
atorvastatin rosuvastatin are the most potent member of hmg-coa.
oh wow. rt username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
hashtag fda to hold july 23 adcomm for $abbv's humira and ucb's certolizumab in axial spondyloarthritis indications hashtag pharma hashtag biotech hashtag biopharma
username uh....batshit crazy..comes to mind for some reason...someone cut-off the writers supply of prozac? ....
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
go on temazepam do ya thing OK hand
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
mum has just given me a lozenge that tastes of dog food omg
these inspirational notes on my lozenge wrappers really aren't doing it for me tonight
ivy league news: buy real 500mg metronidazole: doctor warned on viagra vardenafil and tadalafil and gmc guidelines. university of pen...
username username (2/2) endogenous insulin for victoza to work with, so you can see why it was tried.
.@senatorcardin on hashtag emissions: constellation exelon have taken on this challenge…in a cost-effective way created jobs in the meantime.”
username hashtag hiv even with efavirenz. some patients experience side effects on certain efavirenz brands. active ingredients is fine...
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
oral apixaban for the treatment of acute venous thromboembolism. n engl j med 2013; 369:799-808august 29, 2013
how to use paxil for premature ejaculation licensed approved ...: how to use paxil for premature ejaculation :: online retailer of ...
username username username varenicline is regulated. it's dangerous and ineffective.
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
this guy has to be on seroquel...
username username i found nsaids did nothing. i use paracetamol, oxycodone and diamorphine (break-through pain) and methocarbamol.
but i have adderall
username heard this argument many times before. problem is that suboxone for addiction is not the same as insulin for a diabetic.
best drug interactions is xanax oxycodone tabs w/ loud
username desvenlafaxine is the new version of effexor
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
gabapentin and pregabolin and i'm still in pain. not great.
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hashtag hopeso hashtag iactuallyslept
pfizer agrees to 190 million neurontin settlement why dont you go home to whore island with pfrice pfister pfearless pfaucet
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hashtag boards
username what about antipsychotic seroquel xr and diabetes again ?
hashtag stics trial: no effect of rosuvastatin on postoperative hashtag afib - barbara casadei hashtag esccongress
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
username username username just sucked back a cialis in preparation. slammin piss and poppin ass like prozac in the dirty tent.
.@nirs did some calculations - a new contract for exelon could cost rochester-area ratepayers over 100 millions dollars a year with ginna.
username 1 small pack cotton buds 6 tabs paracetamol 3 capsules mefenamic 3 capsules loperamide 3 tablets neozeps 2 tablets kremil-s
1. the athletic one this girl was born to kick your ass in any type of sport known to man. she fucks like a track star on adderall also.
i'm getting put on olanzapine medication, does anybody know what they're for ??
seroquel rt username happy 36th birthday to kanye west! what gift are you bringing to the party?
i did it!!! thank god i only do this every 2 weeks. i don't think all the liquid went in though confused face hashtag humira hashtag crohns hyperlink
imodium is da real mvpoop
high on gabapentin cause of my insomnia. but big do i like this high lol.
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
username username shameful that docs have the kid on methadone when suboxone would relieve his pain without dangerous sideeffects
don't worry my queer for you'll hear a cheer every time adderall or puppies are near
thalidomide for pregnant women? science wins again.
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
hashtag askadoc getting ready to start enbrel for psa. what do you think?
thankful for adderall and schoolboy q today
username hindi recommended ang efavirenz sa may history of psych problems and bipolars
cymbalta can help u
username i had to google what cymbalta was because i was thinking it was the same as cialis
username in an overwhelming emotional way, or an i can't find my ventolin kinda way?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
finally getting my viibryd refill after 6 months. hashtag thankgod
username adderall had me like i dont even need you but hey im sitting next to you
username if i'm taking miralax (powder), which i did, it'll be about 12 hours. if it's dulcolax (pills) it would be more like 4-8 hours.
i hate the tamiflu commercial
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
username this eliquis commercial is brutal.
rt username the diagnosis of depression didn’t become popular in japan until glaxo-smithklein got approval to market paxil in the c…
username have a look at data from velcade plus dex.
username tyler the crestor
this is humira helping me tweet hashtag itdoeswonders hashtag magic
username is patient zero the same actor from the nexium commercial?
also literally how depressed nbc sounds now. let's get them some fluoxetine
tamiflu is advertising on tv now? is this new or did i just not know b/c i don't have cable? ugh.
side bet for the day. $5 says username will ask username for a script for sildenafil by the end of the day.
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hashtag crohns hashtag humira
i. need. nicotine.
bitch, take some cymbalta and quit putting your problems on facebook. hashtag subtweet
username the ventolin is pretty crazy. with what i have now i'm like 1000% done so i imagine that you are 2000% done.
username i was on geodon which is similar to latuda and it fucked me up. everyone's brains are different
just saw a pristiq antidepressant ad with all the people as clockwork windup dolls. they, uh, might want to rethink that imagery.
username i even have a super coupon for viibryd if you end up taking it. i can mail it to you when you find out it works for you.
username follow me please! might mean my bipolor ends! i'll tell my shrink stick latuda up ur ass, krizz follows me! don't need meds.
username have your ventolin handy, too
username i'm on quetiapine for depression
can't be starting out with one of them days because i have to get my baclofen pump replaced today. it's 3yrs old. ;-)
rt username fluoxetine from $1.92 per capsule in 1993 to $0.03 today hashtag pharmac hashtag nz hashtag ihea2013
username if u r on hashtag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
i had a dream that my mom sold vyvanse. i was so excited when i woke up
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hashtag ugh
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
username she's dead now but my best friend at junior school was a victim of thalidomide
metoprolol is used to treat angina (chest pain) and hypertension (high blood pressure). it is also used to treat or prevent heart attack.
diabetes self-management readers' poll: metformin
metformin slow release
promo chateau renoir merges splendid crack-cocaine elements and a tummy-tickling albuterol aftertaste in their 2007 cabernet sauvignon. hol
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
username username the nuvaring is my source of estrogen and progestin, dipshit, and not everyone can drop everything get surgery
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
bingung antara drama korea prime minister and i di rtv n the heirs d rcti ..
i love freaking people about with the trade name of drugs. advair diskus, neurontin, bactrim/septra, allegra and ortho tri-cyclen.
i love lunesta
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
going to take a prozac
username maybe a lozenge will help.
rt username open access: hemorrhagic complications after prasugrel (effient) therapy for vascular neurointerventional proc... hyperlink
so if i have bipolar deprresion i can take latuda but i can't eat grapefruits.. i would be more depressed not being able to eat grapefruits.
username username username thalidomide given as an anti sickness drug was around 60/61, i know, my mum was given it. #50yearsish
for two really ugly failures in that arena, look at thalidomide and the nova tv special, the case of the frozen addicts username
liquid fluoxetine is nastyyyyyy
username geodon used harden!
precisely!! rt username username wasn't she in boniva commercials? the meds are for bones i think.
username i almost had the same thing happen .. it was stomach acid coming up when i slept . they probably gave you rabeprazole sodium
so i had to wait a day for my geodon to be refilled cause the pharmacy was out...dear god that sucked hard. fine now, but....ugh. bleh.
probably should have hit up the over the counter brand of nexium days ago. doubled up in pain for the day, no idea how i did a gig this am
username username apparently u are the only person guilty of doubting asthma diagnosis...that is now copd w/advair usage.
(s)he will notice your lousy sentence structure username doing a paper on adderall about adderall. wonder if my prof will notice”
username adderall has me reading every ingredient in everything i've thought about eating today
i use alcohol like some people use lunesta is that bad??
can't believe that bloke with the throat infection ruined monkeys for joey. what a lozenge-y bastard hashtag towie
is crestor supposed to be some weird college these people went to? hashtag commercial hashtag cholesterol hashtag lame hyperlink
username as i understand it they don't have nicotine or tobacco in them. nothing toxic.
username denies pt crestor when lipitor didnt work cause she hasn't tried 2 generic statins! how does that make sense? starts w/care my ...
-3 until username birthday...i'll buy him 1kg of apples...or a new ventolin inhaler...decisions decisions decisions...
this weekends live entertainment at papa's vineyard!! fri: mike ramsey and sam hadle 6-10 sat: just george 6-10 sun: gary viox 2-6
trying to imagine how sunovion marketers sat around picked a name like latuda . a few beers? hyperlink
username that is what got cipla shooting a while back - the generic advair with inhaler.
my life became unmanageable from all the gabapentin i was doing. i sucked dick for that shit for 2 and a half years.
username you can get synthroid for about $15/mo. that's what i take. can't remember how much the tests were but not much. maybe
clin investigator making argument $gcvrz's hashtag lemtrada not as efficacious as tysabri but better safety profile. lemtrada aes more managebale
i'm taking oxycontin and oxycodone . pain too real bruh .
eagerly waiting for activity on sitagliptin case merck v/s glenmark in india.............
username maybe! i was taking a drug called gabapentin for 2 yrs for nerve pain that stopped the migraines as well. i've come off it.
username ..... looks more like avandia 8mg :)
this suited me very well. i think that is preferable to reeking of natty ices and jeremiah fucking weed. and however satin viibryd smell.
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
morning coffee and nicotine in garden - nostrils filled with scent lilac and rowan. and it's friday. bring it on!
username flushed face shit better make you have a 12 pack overnight or something! 75$ is crazy... i go with a redbull or vyvanse pill
i need some valium xanex percocet darvocet vicodin kolonopin sleeping pills and nyquil
if you look up deadliest in the dictionary, you'll find a picture of pregabalin
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hashtag vyvanse hashtag add hashtag damn
username username yiiikes stop drink water. pee. take a cipro. continue on with day. get some urogesic blue works wonders! pill
username calls: atomoxetine 60mg tabs (1 daily) with melatonin 5mg capsules (1 at night) but atomox tabs don't exist melatonin unlicensed?
i've been tweeting a lot. blame it on the vyvanse. i usually don't find myself that interesting..
username why are saphris us sales so small for an antipsychotic? $frx $mrk
the memorial day hotel. good x-box rolls-royce jim parsons kerr changes a pouie flirts with april aranesp poo while duh dog
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
username prednisone (3wks left) and pentasa. see my doc tomorrow about humira - seems the least evil b-tween that, remicade and imuran.
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hashtag usmle
someone bring me adderall pleaseeeee i'll love you forever ever
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
username her and meridia don't have a huge selection but the stuff they do have sells out fast. they can't keep it on the shelves
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
ventolin x 2 cups of coffee was a really bad combo
idk if the vyvanse wore off but i'm sick of doing review packets
the knee is the absolute worst place to have it. was having weekly attacks. i took uloric for 2 months/stopped, haven't had problem in 2 yrs
username username as above i've lost half a stone in first 3 weeks. it is slower than others. metformin can also help
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
username username your mum definitely took thalidomide now be quiet hyperlink
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
judging by my grades this semester, my best writing happens when i've consumed enough adderall caffeine to sort of black out all night
doing my second dose of hashtag humira!
patients ask how long does it take for a zostavax shot r shocked username 30 min wait. really?!? paperwork. shit is kept frozen username -5c.
wall-e coin market cap me yabba diem see. you lost! the cloak, like youre stiles. pee-wee fenofibrate gold coins machine. you win: u2
so i'm watching side effects the old shrink is telling the new shrink what girl used to take says effexor. i'm like hey i take that lmao
this time next week my stitches will be gone, my nuvaring will be in, ry will be home, and i will be hashtag prepared for battle
rt username humira have soooo many possible effects.
username the hashtag scandalhangover is real like holyfield in this camp. sooo stoked 4 s3. imma need some boniva cuz i stay person bowing 2 sr team
username well. ofc. it's about the breakthrough of sildenafil
so the doc said that celecoxib suppose to stop the pain but too bad it was not.
username delayed response. afluria covers h3n2v (assuming the v is just virus/viral signifier).
username take some imodium ad
reaching end of tether. take this + paracetamol x 4/day + 2xbuprenorphine x 3/day + buprenorphine patch hashtag stillinpain hyperlink
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
rt username 17.01 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. doctor has phoned. seeing a heart specialist dr on wednesday. have to continue taking tablets …
my girlfriend left a nuvaring in fridge. would that be good for you? [i know you dont drink]
username but nigga, oxycontin, codeine etc are just as addictive... i'm sure amphetamines are on prescription too... heroin is for cancer
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
i like how adderall makes me feel
username let people eat and live how they like! fcuk the nanny state! government allowed thalidomide to be taken, less said about that!?
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
of coruse i don't hold grudges anymore zyprexa right medication and feel great love coffe adn smokes feel high and relaxed
username i get it. but i will continue to use zanamivir. in light of studies on oseltamivir
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
username i see the thalidomide is prominent in the water there.
username la thalidomide all over again?
username the contraindicated drugs are latuda and phenytoin b/c phenytoin is a strong cyp3a4 inducer and can decrease latuda levels..
right i'm off to watch an action movie. thanks for following. let me know if you reach for the rivaroxaban any time soon. later hashtag jc ste
username imo, this is more about slowing patient switch from aranesp to hashtag biosimilar, not an attempt to show inferiority of hashtag biosimilar
niggas out here takin cymbalta! lol
victoza is proven to lower blood pressure
it's been about 2 weeks since i cold-turkey quit taking 100mg desvenlafaxine every day for the past year. didn't have any withdrawal
$regn - looks like they are slightly increasing their full-year eylea net sales guidance from $1.3-$1.35b to $1.35-$1.375b
username urologist? i got put on vesicare and it cuts back the number of times i wake up to pee per night / wet myself when sneezig etc
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
i've upped my baclofen as directed but seem to have issue with diazepam. i can walk again but pain still there.
username username username username just change your depends and take you nexium and go to bed old man winter before you break hip
username seroquel? is that some new australian pan-pipe based hip-hop band? in which case, you should be off in no time!
she's a first time customer. and i wouldn't be upset if she was a last time customer. so glad i took my paxil last night.
username try aciphex it works great ! it helps within in a few minutes
teratogenic drugs &gt; major non-antibiotics in term tap cap thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin
thank god for xanax and suboxone saving my life today
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
i feel so fucking alone. all i have are some sleeping pills, neurontin and skelaxin. worth a shot i guess.
username no you don't take tamiflu or relenza
diclofenac at 150 mg/ day, is assoc. with an increased risk of serious cv aes. max recommended dose of systemic diclofenac is now 100 mg/d
i've been drinking miralax like it's vodka. and for me that's a lot.
cnbc-tv18 alert: us sales of xopenex at $269.7 m
pradaxa is a direct thrombin inhibitor hashtag inacep2014
i have a dr appt tomorrow i have no idea what i’m going to tell him. i thought my effexor was working fine up until maybe a week ago.
username username let me know when u try the buprenorphine xoxox
like umm healthnet covers onglyza for my sister why don't you guys????
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
my gabapentin and xanax is kicking in.
username username looks interesting. i've been on lacosamide for a year and so far the results are great.
i just sprayed fluticasone propionate in my nose.
hashtag ranbaxy: arm got us fda approval to launch generic of diovan in hashtag us
taking pristiq at 2:00 pm is bad because then it's impossible to fall asleep
username adderall makes it possible to play hop hop and do your finals amazing
exelon receive the coalition of women's initiatives in law benchmark award. 40% of legal department are women.
there is no greater joy than taking your last tamiflu pill folded hands raising hands
username i'm gonna bring him in 2:15 today. i won't take my next dose of diclofenac and i should be feeling fine. im much better now
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hashtag fatigue username username
username i would like to know what seniors are suppose to do when they need enbrel and their copay is 893.00. who can afford that?
welp, just lost the seroquel game. goodnight.
back hurts.. again! :( celecoxib to the rescue!!!
hear a lot about victoza for type 2 diabetes here lately a lot
username username aciphex you can drink kerosene
do you agree: (this is not supposed to be taken as an offense) latuda sounds like the french word for butt.
username it's fluoxetine or something like that. it's generic for prozac.
cymbalta and lyrica are both satans drug.
username o im on wellbutrin, strattera and trazadone
username k-stew: prozac for the new generation :d
a commercial for victoza came on tv and i was explaining to my mom how it works: her: wow! that's amazing! me: now you see why i'm pharmd!
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
i need a lozenge
username oisin o'halmhain explains the implications, solutions questions with diclofenac restriction hashtag medsafety hyperlink
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
light sword - burning eye of meridia
not even temazepam is making me sleepy tonight hashtag wideawake hashtag fedup
username aade charlotte at uncc today merck is here with januvia hyperlink
rt username : i have psoriatic arthritis, info attached. hashtag painful hashtag unpredictable hashtag embarrassing hashtag enbrel don't give up hashtag fightpain hyperlink
presser handout for xarelto drug clot med/sponsorship comes with 6 pages of fda-ish drug warnings: one of which is: red, pink or brown urine
username then i wouldn't they have those protocols in for a reason. plus not all asthma is the same so what advair would do for him
username have any info on asenapine sublingual? tried new prescription, nearly knocked me off my rocker. hashtag powerful hashtag ickysideeffects
weeks back i felt like the worst teacher ever. today? worst mom ever. hannah has the flu. i waited too long. no tamiflu for her. :(
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
i'm taking another trazodone and going back to sleep.
username mainly cause geodon is cheaper. hella cheaper. and more weight neutral. will still take quetiapine ir at night prn
username same. unless it happens accidentally. that's why i always carry imodium
username username they just use sildenafil now lol!
hashtag bars rt username built like a boxer in the 40s with a 40 in my boxers on the porch with my shorty on suboxone
username  sorry this is the link to sign the petition. many people have died from the medication avandia and many are permanently damage
iv in your vein feeding you liquid darvocet
women with hashtag hiv on hormonal contraception and efavirenz had high levels of pregnancy (but many of us don't know! ) hashtag hivglasgow
username it was miralax i swear
i guess my kittens a nicotine fiend grinning cat face grinning cat face dashing away hyperlink
so latuda is for people who are bi-polar, but a side effect is increase of suicidal thoughts. what the fuck.
if y'all look up the vimpat pill, you'll see what i'm talking about
i hate when my vyvanse wears off because i can't remember any of the cool shit i wanted to do earlier.
someone mixed up the sertraline 100mg with the sildenafil 100mg tablets on the dispensary shelf. brings a new meaning to 'banging headache'.
okay now this sucks cuz i don't feel like i can drive hashtag trazodone
eatting a full course meal watching you starve to death with a iv in your veins feeding you liquid darvocet - username
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
username ewww. those must taste horrible esp abilify and lamictal, even it just touches my tongue, it's bitter
username my doc put me on trazodone for my insomnia. worked well.
this year to save me from years i spiked your drink with imodium
hashtag crohns here we go again: steroids, calcichew, pantriprazole, risedronate sodium in addition to mycophenolate mofetil and folic acid.
username tell him to shove the whole imodium box up there and crack on! hashtag donttakeash*t!
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
have a week job at exelon corporation in boston after this one hashtag homesweethome
if you've never touched a chicks nuvaring then you might be coming up short. i've knocked one loose
username on clobazam, tegratol, lacosomide and epilim :o( he's gutted and embarrassed and lost his confidence. hair is falling out 2
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
i can't believe a bath is more effient then a shower nowdays!!
awkward moment : antara dua darjat.  it is better for me to stay away.
fun facts: do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approve combo of hashtag olanzapine hashtag fluoxetine
username for # rheumatoid arthritis av annual cost of triple therapy $1000 compared with $25000 for hashtag enbrel.wonder what are the costs in india.
username i'd love to see if she had primed the advair before her using it. also u are suppose 2 rinse out ur mouth after. hashtag rhony
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
oxycodone got me right
username really? have you gotten your synthroid yet?
username they have steroids and like some other shit in them. can't remember now but alvesco is like basically inhaled prednisone w/i
username username very sorry to have missed the thalidomide int with david mason how long will the show be available on the website?
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
that spiriva commercial got my attention. how did they know i love elephants?
this victoza ad 'it's the best thing ever'  *lists the million severe side effects which can cause death* i think you've put me off it now
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username for a while, my gabapentin pills were uncoated and extra-chalky. i perfected the art of tossing them into my throat.
he's done some research on buprenorphine therapy -- username on buprenorphine rock star david fiellin. hashtag understatement
all y’all girls with bipolar depression take some latuda
username months now that has lidocaine, diclofenac, baclofen and flexeril - muscle relaxers, anti-inflamatants and pain numbers.
ok dis da point where i log off bc my lunesta is kicking in an i make no sense. won't even member this until i wake up n see it goodnight sleepy face
username do you know if apixaban is trying to get approval for vte too? nice to rule here following european apporval?
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
username username i really wish they made one of those that fit advair discs
anyone know why autocorrect capitalizes fluticasone ?!? lol hashtag pharmacyquestions hashtag pharmtech
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
the greatest gifts in life can neither be measured by nor bought by money.~ grace antara ma
it's clear that the cipro hasn't completely gotten rid of the infection. here's hoping friday scraps it away and starts new! hashtag facialpain
username username username username username i clearly should not have taken that extra gabapentin this morning.
username that'll be thalidomide which was passed as a medicine by the relevant authority at the time? username username
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
username just saw xarelto commercial. afib medication. just thought i'd pass it on. peace out...
username i'm mostly able to manage the pain without having to take m/any prescription drugs - today was a bad baclofen codeine day
tx a preggers female for uti = 1st gen ceph (keflex/cephalexin,) nitrofurantoin, amox. no bactrim no cipro
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
student diet: coffee cigarettes alcohol adderall subway and dhall mystery meat
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
travelling with sister morphine brother olanzapine, valium and tramadol have dropped in 4 a visit as well. meds, i'm on them.
considering bringing my protagonist to a level low enough to require zyprexa.
know what? even tho i still feel anxious, think less paroxetine suits me. don't think i'm as irritable as i was before or argumentative.
i prescribed quetiapine to my obese patient along with a hashtag paleo diet. he still takes quetiapine, but is no longer obese health is good :d
anyone know how metformin causes lactic acidosis?
more evidence varenicline helps mentally ill quit smoking
this symbicort commercial with the wolves is so cute.
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hashtag sacrifice
and if it's not working by the end of the year i'll probably end up having to get enbrel injections yay needles hashtag ihateneedles
username what rescue inhaler do u have? oi have xopenex right now.
so apparently trazodone is just like xanax and zoloft... and i have some. do you want them?
username or how real he is. chief keef is real too and his shit isn't musical lunesta
pushrod lozenge. it doesn't get any motorsport dorkier than that. my new favourite geek term. thank username hyperlink
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
your highness.... username man these ventolin tablets are really something else smirking face
me bc peeling username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username lol how far are you? am just getting to heathway. i had bacon sandwich this morning. i need to get imodium just in case lool
one day i want to be as excited about something as the crestor guy
username i had 1 infusion of tysabri for ms right before pml showed up in the trials was taking avonex 2 still taking avonex.:)
i need a throat lozenge
username when i get my primary doctor/insurance coverage mess sorted out, i'll have to look into lunesta
syracuse needs to get on that adderall train username half
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
username i have been on metoprolol but it's not helped, tried topiramate too and indomethician.
is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hashtag nahap
taking a 60mg vyvanse was pointless for a 90 minute test...
username lol where's the advair
underwear drew looking younger boss the glue strip. control sign, watches movies at a bad temper crestor teeth dog poo angelina jolie
bushisms combines the higuera of sallowness with the sildenafil of sallowness
janssen seeks expanded approval of velcade from eu for mantle cell lymphoma
username username amitriptylline no longer used routinely due to cardiac effects. pregabalin is the new drug of choice.
username i am a closet nerd, i have a reputation to uphold. also gabapentin is a lie. like my mind = face screaming in fear
changes his horse ebooks dexilant iron ipod rides tom brady goldie hawn woman dogs lifted mlb: angels 8, red sox preparation h
username surely edf is biggest with 58, and exelon after that. :)
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
jose rodrigues vineyards binds water-soluble albuterol midtones and a sparkling musk bouquet in their 2007 chenin blanc. hashtag 詳細を見る
username drink more tamiflu
username is like heroin, i want to quit because of what they are doing to username but i can't. is there a suboxone for espn? hashtag freesimmons
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
duodart caps opened by rotating capsule shell. contains granular tamsulosin 400mcg dutasteride 500mcg cap. hashtag foamed hyperlink
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
username last tweet to you tonight since i took my lunesta but i love you more than anything and you make me happy growing heart growing heart growing heart
exhausted. had a hell of a weekend, then went to tysabri where they fucked up my line and my vein exploded. so now i'm getting pizza.
also that doctor should be so embarrassed that their patient put that nuvaring on their wrist. not because it's the patient's fault. but--
4 dulcolax pills down and only 64 oz of gatorade and an entire bottle of miralax to go. and all i want is a fucking pizza.
he came to me sometime in the midst of my viibryd and whiskey infused frightful haze and wakeful, restless torture.
ohm receives u.s. fda approval to manufacture and market valsartan
reba mcintyre said mm, so thick and creamy on a boniva light greek yogurt commercial and it sounded like phone sex.
yeah, i've used a little ventolin in my time. but i never inhaled.
username have them less frequently and always with tagamet or nexium on hand. lol. how are you? did you have a fabulous saturday?
username username not really comparable doses though. surely 80mg uloric should be compared with 800mg allopurinol? hashtag gout
antara takut sama brave sih.. hmm brave if god leads me.. brave if god hold my hand...
according to the fda, people who take a bisphosphonate drug such as fosamax may be at risk for an atypical subtrochanteric femur fracture.
does anyone use or know of someone who uses rivaroxaban
don't use heroin, use oxycontin. don't use cocaine or meth, use adderall and ritalin. don't use weed, use xanax and prozac. stay safe kids
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
i took some baclofen for my back spasms and its suppose to make me drowsy but i dont feel shit!
username sorry i missed it will google it. tell jack he will be fine like sharks we gotta keep moving.teva tysabri my cocktail of choice
username username aviva was sucking that advair like it was peace pipe. my god.
username do you always get side-effects with fluoxetine?
gave both my parents their zostavax vaccine syringe
username thank you. she's on keppra and vigabatrin at the minute.
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
username nahh i'm sure some imodium will do smirking face
why the fuck do pills need weird names like teva-betahistine and venlafaxine why
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
ciclesonide in severe asthma - study in 2010 - no change in fev1  hashtag aaaai
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
latuda for bipolar disorders. watch for metabolic syndrome.
username i also said that thalidomide was an example of a theory?? ahem?? and meh i'd say badly/awfully/terribly
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
ima pop that ass like a prozac
bmy_$46.03_pfe_$28.77_bmy and pfe announce fda acceptance of eliquis snda for review
username yes. metformin and glimepiride.
username i wish my mind was that creative! not to mention i hope quetiapine isn't associated with death scrawl given the popularity.
username i thought it was about an actual doctor who specialises in 'dealing with exhaustion' amphetamines and the like
username unfortunate thing with many anti-d's, i found effexor xl appalling! what you moving on to?
username username have known some who swallow the tiotropium capsule!!!!
username username yeah i get a discount for my aubagio too
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
hey now.. i luv my nuvaring face with tears of joy face with tears of joy @queenkleopatrav: promise ring, wedding ring, nuva ring, all the same shit...some bullshit. face with tears of joy ”
rand/ucla method for gout guideline dev. didn't take cost into consideration. so allo and febuxostat equal 1st line - controversial hashtag acr14
username username username username username sods would rather fill you full of temazepam unamused face
username pot, oxy, xanax, kolonopin, mdma, suboxone, 25i, adderall ir, coke, and ativan person raising hand i'm fucked
okay my vyvanse has completely worn off. time to put up the books.
i'm back on fluoxetine again (anti-depressants and anti- anxiety stuff), which is really good because this is my first step to recovery
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
lunesta in hand: the best memories are those made with people you love
actually, also loving it because it is a medicine for bipolar disorder and they named it latuda hashtag aptlynamed hashtag rachet
username that’s better. was afraid i had forgotten to take my namenda today.
oooops just realized i didn't take my synthroid yet :p not super late!
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
username username beaumont but they test for nicotine.
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
i have heartburn so bad but i refuse to take a nexium
cipro's nutter butter looks darn right delicious! username hashtag perfectbiscuit hashtag yum hashtag snacktime
time to lay down. trazodone is kicking in. zzzzzzzzz
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
username don't worry. my doc has prescribed me tamiflu as a precautionary measure. see you monday! now get off twitter during ssr! weary cat face
username finally realized why murphy is such an asshole... that nice nexium family are all dead now his acid reflux is killing him
i wonder if the pharmacist believes that this prozac prescription is for my dog...
only thing i hate about nuvaring is having to put my own fingers in my pocket book. that's for boys.
that tamiflu works pretty good OK hand
ah the sting of the hashtag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitisq hashtag ouch
username i gave up when she recommended levofloxacin for someone admitted with seizures
i feel na i need low dose of memantine. haha
lovenox would cost me $800, xarelto not covered by anthem
back to sleep. celecoxib prn.
urgent message in my inbox about my fosamax prescription. i thought do i take that? or a generic? for menopausal osteoperosis huh.
i need nicotine.....
username have restarted metformin with gfr &lt;30 a number of times-500mg daily works well. off patent so less comp impetus to tinker.
username username username hashtag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
i wish they wouldn't have taken my suboxone but it's whatever unamused face
username username username no amount of imodium will stop the endless stream of your verbal diarrhea
username have u took something ? hashtag olanzapine ? hashtag clozapine? hashtag valium ?
damn vyvanse why you gotta play me like that
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
does anyone have 40 mg nexium they can bring to school
username if they don't work for you try fexofenadine and talk to your doc in case of contraindications with paxil
i guess i'll have do double up on the lunesta to get to sleep tonight. thanks hashtag rams
been nil by mouth all day, so no painkillers. they put me on gabapentin for the pain. it works like magic.
username a short ten-day oxycodone (not oxycontin) dose for the worst of the pain is all that should be given but most docs go further
examples of brands that can suppress your appetite are phen-phen, buporoprion (also known as wellbutrin), redux, and meridia
well played tysabri...kicking butt hashtag nosleep.
username yeah, i bet. i think i may just consult a guide for all of maridia cause i'm lost
*pats username on theback* u ok there? *hands her a lozenge* hashtag paymentreceivedinfull username username username username
i need so stronger fucking trazodone..why the fuck am i still up 2 hours later
bus down to vang vieng. popping loperamide like it's haribo.
... cymbalta can help..
username happy wheezers ... we are now on singular and advair (am and pm), and so far it's actually working.
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
that awkward moment when you have to tell the pharmacist that you'll buy loperamide and there's someone good-looking beside you. o o
username no, just increase their metformin dose
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsproblem
a life without adderall is hardly a life at all..
username try imodium a.d. - it may help to stop the diarrhea spewing out your mouth.
forgot to take my enbrel today, funny how my caddie is nicknamed bones hashtag psoriatic hashtag arthritis
username that ms moment you realize you're due for drug therapy. so that's why i have no nustep energy. let's do this! hashtag tysabri
what can i take with or instead of prolia for ostheosporosis
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
username not nearly as bad as the crestor superfan commercials.
why does advair an asthma drug cost $250 in this country and $35 in france. lobbyists and the $100 million a yr they spend buying congress
fuck me i g0t a right sh0ck when i saw my vide0's, 1 weird fucker i00kin biankiy drugged 0n adderaii n temazipam at me,shudders
on my way to pick up tamiflu i better get it while it's hot person running person running person running
on craigslist? lunesta the lion king naruto course... mr. baloney alyssa milano reserved i'm a popcorn reading disneyland.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day15
hashtag xmaslist codeine syrup better job valium kindle red lipstick black lipstick -10kg pizza
diclofenac sodium take after meal
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hashtag gottakillmetosaveme :s
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
you also never experienced what its like to have asthma to even need a ventolin hfa inhaler or advair diskus 250/50!
there's a pharmacy drug called victoza used for type 2 diabetes. that's my name put together.
take a fuckin paxil and chill the fuck out
paying attention on pregabalin for neropathic pain.
but i still put the exelon patch on.
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hashtag iwillwin
username username bring that ventolin
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers).
i got that roxie dick these hoes be needin suboxone
basically what i'm saying is, payless kmart crestor the general insurance other various franchises out there need to step their game up!!
man, $bmy got out of diabetes in the nick of time with this fda review of onglyza safety.
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hashtag crohns
i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
i don't know why you'd take oxycodone recreationally. i mean i love how it makes me not hurt rn but if i wasn't in pain nothing else -
username the doctors themselves have limited knowledge. they used to think the drug thalidomide was safe to use in the treatment &gt;
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
username i always see her and meridia at the disney store, but not as much at target
i need food. i'm cranky when i'm hungry. food is my prozac sometimes. ok. most of the time.
someone in the audience needs a throat lozenge, a bit like nigella! hashtag qanda
rt username lurasidone gains new indication for bipolar depression: the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) has approv... http:…
username go to boots and buy some non herbal 'nytol'. available behind the counter. otherwise get temazepam from doc.
username username the market did hold them accountable - faster and more effectively than today. look at the deaths from vioxx or somethin
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
loperamide wore off... i thought it was a fart. it wasnt. hashtag ishitmypants. hashtag imsick hashtag dontjudge
username username username i'm shocked tht they used advair nebulizer in the same sentence .ignorance will not bring som1 back
username antara move on dan hold on. move on move on~~~
i am viagra or cialis, vicodin or percocet, and effexor or prozac years old.
and now we wait for the vyvanse to kick in.
viibryd has serotonin production as well as reuptake blockage. so it is much better if you are pooted out on prozac.
username good read. enbrel allows me 2 work at a great job w great benefits. which allows me access to enbrel. catch 22.
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
at tonight's performance, the role of tinkerbell will be played by the lunesta butterfly  hashtag peterpanlive
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hashtag bbloggers
hashtag astronaut: aliskiren reduces all cause death within 12 months in non-diabetics by nearly 20% - aldo maggioni hashtag esccongress2013
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
username also drank 40mg omeprazole (but my medicine is dexilant 60mg so errr yeah that has to happen tomorrow i guess)
username sounds like fun! hope antib's work this time. are you on humira?
new swot analysis: second-gen anti-epileptics eg keppra continue to dominate, but third-gen drugs eg vimpat will be a contributor to growth
suboxone got me on cloud 53
username please take a throat lozenge. my ears hurt.
really though.. anyone want some trazodone or codeine? i'm tryna help a friend out lol.
hashtag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
alexis said i need latuda don't know what that is google it like wtf dude fuck u -.-
maybe 5 doses of miralax in a half hour wasn't the greatest idea.. flushed face confounded face collision
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
gfd i want some seroquel now
client: you look handsome today! me: woah! uloric like you have the gout! *awkward silence* client: you're gonna tweet that, aren't you?
username my husband is part of the avandia law suit and is having issues with garretson resolution group located at 2115 rexford rd,
username sorry to hear that, my wife has fibro, lyrica works well for her.
case 1: short-acting oxycodone has anxiolytic effects, which is why pts who have been using it for anxiety don't like the er.  hashtag projectecho
username oh good you got the ratchet and ventolin inhaler
if pradaxa killed u. u can go to reliant law firm for a lawsuit. on ur life. lol wow. hashtag commercials r so dumb
i just don't know if i want to take 40 mg of paxil twice a day.
username username same as exubera ... it was approved
username given what we know about the demographics of type 2, i'm a bit surprised she's still all over the victoza page.
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hashtag doctors hashtag help
let me have my morning coffee and prozac before you start your shit.
username even though i used remicade, i always mute humira commercials because i hate hearing the side effects listed...
username a leading academic - not pharma-led i must add - told me that s/e's of paroxetine were (in his humble opinion) over-played
it pisses me off beyond reason when i see a picture of disney princesses” with tianna and meridia but no god damn asmarelda or meg.
fucking shit ass dumb fucking meridia bank tellers fucking pisss me off holy fuck
pretreatment with effient found not beneficial
username username username sure crestor sensit genetic. even my right of gangis khan cardio raved about how he suffers in silence.
feel hell of a tired after eating my homemade cakes, i think i may have put to much temazepam on it?
so clearly i need a higher dose of trazodone since i'm still awake at 3am. i took it at 1030pm.
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
there exists a drug called latuda
hashtag team angeltrb ex-div reminder for exelon corp.'s trust preferred securities hashtag boceame neqrosexy
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
metformin works by reducing glucose release from the liver not an insulin sensitiser : ewan pearson hashtag rcpediabetes14
mending nonton big match username antara username vs username !!
i feel like he's cheating on me, so i'm taking my nuvaring out n gettin pregnant ... maybe that'll help huh???????
effexor is no joke man. smh
username yea right. it's the calm before the storm. either that or the fluoxetine in the water is beginning to work.
tomorrow, my second infusion of tysabri! good luck for me! hashtag godblessme hashtag mslife
ok, i'll be more specific: i want to know something about spiriva prices over time. anyone? anyone at all?
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
and some more fluoxetine.
username i take as few as poss due to the effects of campath. but am useless without pregabalin :-( x
is anyone on hashtag tysabri and using a port?!? is it mandatory to have one? i've been thinking about changing treatments but that scares me a bit
this year's hashtag goldenglobes have been brought to you by activia and boniva
username nuvaring might be a good option for you since you just leave it in, if you ever wanted to switch
been medicated ever since. i should not have come off seroquel (antipsychotic).
this nigga behind me tryna give me some oxycodone before a game smh
if you can't sleep in a high stress job, the latest best thing, under the care of a qualified physician, is low dose quetiapine (seroquel).
some commonly used amphetamines are adderall, strattera, vyvanse, ritalin etc. used to treat adhd which is prescribed likely what he took.
a decadent gingerbread aroma and chunky albuterol essences are fused in the 1991 cabernet sauvignon from dubois vineyards. hashtag hell
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
username that's good to hear! better now that i'm over the virus i had for 2 mos. on wkly humira shots now. hoping i continue moving up
i wish my psych would stop fucking me and just put me on adder all vyvanse sucks dick
28-zip. utah, and the first quarter isn't over. prozac sales skyrocket in utah county.
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hashtag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
release of eliquis blood clot preventer story: (reuters) the blood clot preventer eliquis, sold by pfizer inc and bristol-myers squib...
username you better not do what lyrica did! angry face face with tears of joy
hashtag nejm study leads to hashtag fda review of $bmy onglyza and kombiglyze diabetes drugs.
911 emergency yes i need a 30mg prescription of adderall plz n thnxs
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
username i'm a little surprised that oxy and suboxone aren't higher on that list
in the 590 autopsies linert's conducted, he's ruled only 1 other buprenorphine intoxication death. it's a fairly new drug, he testified.
username username have had zopiclone when i'm in a bad patch. even two of max dose only just helped. quetiapine has been lifesaver.
may basedgod and large amounts of vyvanse give me the grace to bone this act
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
gee, does crestor / believe nascar fans may have / high cholesterol?
officials say risk to public from bird flu is very low. my report on e yorks duck farm where workers have tamiflu pills is on air soon
drug commercials, news flash- i'm sure your doctor knows about pradaxa already, given his wall of diplomas, you shouldn't have to ask him
why is imodium ad defeated? why is kim kardashian gossiping about my bran? orange roughy?
the black dude grilling in the januvia commercial was flexing hard
i still laugh about when tyrel and his gf broke up in 7th grade so his fb stat was depressed :/ zach commented cymbalta can help haha
deep in the dawn i discovered myself tripping on paxil and flonase
username username symbicort is a steroid. it and spiriva give me some relief. not much else i can use. breathing is mandatory ;-)
username ugly head around my 27th bday. now i'm 31 am on 6 norco/day 4 soma/day 3 gabapentin 1200mg/day
antara hashtag beyoncé atau hashtag xmultiply for album of the year.
ventolin is like magic, and i feel like a wizard right now!
username suboxone is more likely to aid recovery, for many in england this drug is not even offered poor patient choice comp 2 scot
if death had a taste, it would be saphris
my website form is being spammed by seroquel vendors. really? there's a spammers market for antipsychotics?
username hi deelicious. im feeling way better today. taking the ciprofloxacin has kicked symptoms out.thank god. strong studd username
this nigga really tried getting me to pop an adderall at 3am....
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
username the international name for imodium is loperamide. just in case you need to know!
username i was using zelnorm when i was younger for irritable bowl sydrome but they took the thing off the market! lol
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
anybody tried prolia for osteoporosis? good, bad, indifferent?
qny experience of olanzapine anyone? may be going on it instead of quetiapine
victoza sounds horrible. hashtag scarysocial
username yeah, humira sounds better for me. no hospital visit for infusion + the side effects for remicade are +likely for crohn's pts.
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
welp hashtag gamergate, i feel the effects of this lunesta kicking in. so for this short period awake i may say weird shit. i don't know,
username seriously?!?! you guys are missing the story. we're betting she was given the antibiotic levaquin username username 's killer med
username i'll just slip it in...and by the way, januvia isn't first line.
username thats one i haven't had. i am on cymbalta now. pristiq in the last. loved both. so good for me. but it's different for all
username username time to poison the boniva
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
username username my doctor gave me ativan to get on the plane and lunesta to sleep thru it
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
laba + ics combined inhaler... trade name symbicort but what is the generic way of prescribing? hashtag weph hashtag prescribingexam
really good documentary on thalidomide on bbc2
username you are not triply from vyvanse you dumbass.
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
my new health insurance doesn't cover advair so i have to wait to get a letter from my doctor saying i need it sent to the company
if i see you in public shaking a water bottle it's for one of two reasons: 1. there's alcohol in it 2. there's miralax in it
username tamiflu can be like a miracle medicine for some types of flu so dont wait terry
prozac doesn't work ugh
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
i feel 80% more human having not taken the gabapentin last night. woo
so, i have to try and sleep. trazodone here i come.                          _(._.)_
super miralax brothers hashtag elderlyvideogames username
hashtag inners spiriva guy must be on social security. he's being crushed by a republican elephant.
username my new private psychiatrist tripled my antipsychotic dosage and prescribed me to two mood stabilizers; namenda and now lithium
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
my ex friend the rockabilly midget has finally figured out my exuberant smiles were in fact fake. beware of prozac ladies.
he's snapping right now i asked have he ever took nexium for acid reflux he said no but i popped a couple of percs before unamused face unamused face
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
12 (5 of which were ventolin and four flovents) inhalers and 16 miscellaneous other prescriptions within an eight month time period.
username we have a contract position available here in warrenville. exelon nuclear. let me know...
i need to get back on my advair
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hashtag paroxetine hashtag anxiety hashtag fedup
hashtag apsad (n.o.a.s) dr finnegan states does some studies on using buprenorphine in neonates... the issue is sublingual absorption
those interested in australian hashtag productliability, hashtag consumerlaw and vioxx litigation may be interested in article cited in previous tweet.
the eu project gapp wants to find out if gabapentin can be recommended as therapy for neurological pain in children. hashtag icccpoe
cloxacillin at celecoxib what
username i hear you nigel without weed id be taking gabapentin (poison)
username why not use equal dose valsartan as the comparator in paradigm-hf? then would truly know importance of novel component hashtag nejmchat
better prosecco than prozac, that's my motto! mine too, sweetheart.
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
bae: come over me: no, i'm sad about having thalidomide bae: i bet you're up in arms me: we're over
username today was my 4th? 5th? day. i stopped effexor and started viibryd, no tapering of either. judging by the side effects, i should&gt;
need some rimonabant and adderall face with tears of joy
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
i'm glad meridia didn't talk to sithis. once the dark brotherhood gets involved i have to kill them all.
i'm going to be so hopped up on nicotine and diet mountain dew for game 6 hashtag pacers hashtag cantwait
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
popped a paxil now i'm sane.*sigh*
boniva really doing wonders for old sally huh?
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
today is one month since the last time i used my inhaler, god bless advair and singulair raising hands
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
username username username vioxx isn't a vaccine, remember? having to use unrelated issues shows weakness of case.
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hashtag talkintoons !
once the lozenge puts the cough to rest. peroxide in my fuckin' chest. a dollop in the water and i'm dropping into consciousness.
bruh i dead as haven't slept an hour straight in over 48 hours now. i got to fill my lunesta prescription
username hashtag oomf needs some cymbalta.”
not sure how i'm suppose to study this lab shit but ok antara ok
username lol you are the lad i was talking to .... about how shit viox are and yoi and youre friend want to start youre own clan
contest wan just farted. you can just taste the cooperative imodium ad of neptune. how old are you? i am poems.
username username username username username so varenicline 35% success? suppose is a bit more diff to smoke after u top yourself
what death spiral? home renewables cant replace utilities yet: exelon ceo
username but put aittle miralax in his bottle tad bit
username nice. i just got 6 months of vimpat the other day, didn't cost a dime!
metronidazole and levofloxacin along with my prescription antibacterial mouth swish ... yeah, feeling a bit green and queeeeeezzzzyyyy
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
username viox are nobody's clearly same with tsr otherwise u would still be there at least g3no have there pride what do u have 3 clans in1
username topamax didn't work for me either, i've never heard of trileptal. if keppra keeps up the bad side effects, ask about vimpat
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
denosumab solves dogging as regards mandible inroad irruptive commonwealth in spite of prostate moth and rust: .xjk
username i have a pulmonary doctor, i just saw him. i've only had asthma for 26 yrs lol. i take advair, singular ventolin as needed
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
i just heard when nicki minaj said she put em to sleep now they calling her nyquil...when did the lunesta twins become triplets username
100mg of metoprolol washed down with cold beer. probably not clever. hashtag aorticdissection
suboxone films taste terrible what the fluff
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
username all hail the golden spiriva
username now i've tapered off and am on celexa. but cymbalta was my savior.
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
username username ventolin inhaler to use before using my symbicort at the moment - i have a neb at home which we are trying to avoid x
username adam don't you think with all of these fda/ema misteps, it's leading to the next vioxx scandal. the ema must have known
if summer in auburn is any indication of how retirement will feel, i definitely see why old people get so into their knitting and prozac.
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
if you get mad when people say 'merica take a cymbalta right now please
username i didn't think u did from reading your blog.. and u need a good weed man is all, fuck paxil.  hashtag sourdiesel
username i think mine might be too. but i take advair for mine i just ran out i have to get a refill
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
username get energized with... sildenafil :&gt; jk
username take adderall or vyvanse or strattera or ritalin or focalin or cocaine!!!! you'll stay awake!!
rt username .@lapd a man with a ponytail just offered my son a lozenge
i have a nuvaring bracelet and a nuvaring anklet i've been trying to get the nuvaring earrings for soo long but my mom is a bitch
other side effects may include coma or death. see if latuda is right for you.” wait wut
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hashtag stayoffthesteroidskids
the eliquis commercial has the worst basketball i've ever seen in my life
ring ring. hello cowntess. my greece just tap a advair diskus. my parents just farted feathercoin pork chop with each meal.
hashtag ulcerativecolitis hashtag asacol is what doc wants me to take for now. paperwork getting sent in for hashtag remicade and hashtag humira. hope i get approved.
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
i think advair makes my skin dry
there will leader program meeting in dubai next saturday . it will focus on update about victoza . novo nordisk will be the sponsor for thi…
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
from cogencis: alembic pharma gets tentative usfda nod for memantine tablets
username omg drink tea and take pepto bismol or take an imodium ad it sounds like the stomach virus. im allright watching a show
good thing i brought loperamide
ciprofloxacin, vicodin a big warm hotel bath tub.
januvia miss was from ex-us, says username everybody was worried about us sales. what gives?
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
username cialis. viagra. prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
username username username some of my pain is neuropathic in origin, tried gabapentin - side effects stopped that one. -triptylines too.
prozac and that oxycontin.
milk + trazodone = sleeping face
i've filled five tamiflu prescriptions today. hashtag myinfluenzasenseistingling
#2 infusion of tysabri this morning.....bring it on! hashtag fighter hashtag multiplesclerosis
tara sullivan westermark starting tecfidera tom. nervous!!!
real ad for a real play, or the play in that prolia commercial? hyperlink
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
paramore - the only exception ni mmg antara lagu yg i rase cam perghhhhhhh nice
it shouldn't even be humanly possible to take 2 seroquel and still be awake over an hour later... hashtag insomniaprobz
who of you take lunesta or ambien?
though, i can feel when meridia burns me... and taylor can hurt me and i feel it. perks of being my creator is breaking her own lore.
but some of usbumsdo have a job&amp;still can't pay our own health care when it cost $1000+ for 4 enbrel that i need weekly to be able to walk
username yeah gillian it is, do you have tysabri here too¿ xx
man in the crestor commercial has a big bald spot at the top of his head face with tears of joy
some middle eastern folks chatting at next table. if someone opens a lozenge factory over there, he is gonna clean up!
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
metformin is often the drug of choice for type 2 diabetes because it has multiple benefits and is less likely to cause weight gain.
it seems beyond belief that there are still thalidomide victims who are denied compensation. how do those companies live with themselves?
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
i'm over here studying my dugs and i'm in januvia right now and the commercial for it comes on. that was just weird lol
hashtag fda hashtag odac review 11/6 of $nvs panobinostat for second-line combo use w/ bortezomib and dexamethasone in multiple myeloma patients
is that even how u spell cymbalta idk it looks weird
username the bid drugs (ativan, klonopin) would be the best place to start, in my opinion. they can be taken w/ temazepam (restoril).
hashtag sideeffectsinclude a need to buy imodium
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. hashtag gobananas
if we are creating drugs like tysabri and gilenya amongst others today, what's going to be available in ten years? hashtag exciting
username username thalidomide trust - story of people's' lives efforts of campaigners and media taking on lawyers and drug company
username username 17 of the top 20 prescrribers of bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker &lt;&lt;&lt; 3 v angry prescribers
welcome username to nexium :)
username username but there was a time release form of oxycodone which was oxycontin, which active ingredients were just oxycodone
hashtag fda rejects hashtag bayer’s hashtag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hashtag pharma hashtag biotech hashtag heart
almost 1000 words of pure shite! on the plus side, i now know a lot about thalidomide and birth deformities. hashtag teamplath
there's absolutely no place for pradaxa or xarelto in the market once eliquis(apixaban) is on it's full swing.
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
username a little metoprolol between friends?
i hate the tamiflu commercial with the giant guy because nothing is to scale hashtag tamiflu hashtag thermometeristoobig
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
my toradol vioxx jokes aren't as funny anymore after listening to richard dent wiley hashtag latg i'm 37..
was off enbrel for 3 weeks between surgery pharyngitis. paying for it. usually take 2-3 weeks to rebound. hashtag arthritis hashtag psoriasis
the breakfast club: a jock, a wasteoid, a popular girl, a nerd (all vampires) and a factive who identifies as a member of fallout boy.
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
where's my sertraline and trazodone? i explain that i'm waiting to hear back from dr any moment. she stays in drivethru. finally hear...
just did a suboxone enema :o
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
okia said having conducted more than 500 autopsies, as well, she’s never concluded that someone died from acute buprenorphine intoxication.
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
username username i'm pretty impressed with the ingenuity of this enbrel tape dispenser i found on ebay. hyperlink
username have you had levaquin before? it's been my go to abx recently.
username username username username meridea and i almost broke up. so we'll see.
this symbicort comercial makes 0 sense it's suppose to help u breathe but the disclaimer said may increase risk of death how is that helping
metformin side effects are the worst loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
just watched blythe danner hawking prolia and thought, wow, she be perfect for a product that can fix that burned-up hair.
and i've hit the sweet spot with the flovent i think. didn't cough last night or need to use inhaler.
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
thoughts from the flu, day two - tamiflu is a miracle, but i still probably won't be running the turkey trot tomorrow. hashtag happythanksgiving
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hashtag crohns
username trazodone! sleep juice! and weed! combined with monster and alcohol! and i;m lterally getting my sock nocked ff as we speak!!!
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username username its not the states job to evict those at the bottom of the ladder. again advise loperamide
username holy shit ily even more you tweeted distance lyrica ajdkfkkskd
i had a dream that my buprenorphine stopped working and i was offered fentanyl.... wut.
username username pshhh tamiflu is done! jamie's out victory hand victory hand
mimi and nuvaring got way too many issues
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
i need a fu kin prozac , volume or somethin this morning
username oh my i really know the feeling only thing that used to work in the end for me is a ventolin
username the new ones are stronger than tysabri without the brain infection risk. they're finding people who are jc neg still get it.
username also keep some imodium handy.
all hail lunesta
$frx throwing $240m at the schizophrenia market by acq saphris from $mrk. expect this mkt to be a growth mkt for a long time to come $rtrx
alright, januvia (a medication i just heard about), you sound like genovia. hashtag theprincessdiaries hashtag neverforget
username lol! no. if i said i had a vivid imagination it would sound too much like bragging. the cymbalta does intensify it though.
hashtag excercise is as effective cure for hashtag depression as hashtag paxil and hashtag zoloft. so ask your doctor if getting off your asses is good for you?!!
a better-than-slow-death chocolate finish and zesty albuterol undertones are incorporated in the 1995 syrah from owl canyon winery. hashtag justin
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
username i have a brand new advair diskus. are you still trading for guest spots?
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hashtag sleepdisorderproblems
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
best-selling advair asthma medication... the drug will decline 30 percent by 2015, from $5.3 billion last year. username
username fluoxetine a generic equivalent for prozac and trazodone
username username she's not even shilling boniva anymore is she?
antara hs event dan sxsc..
the score to carl sagan's 'cosmos' is like prozac to me. hashtag sagan hashtag science hashtag space
username username sooooo interesting. i'm nervous to see what it'll be like. also i might go back on nuvaring if hormones are too cray
this seroquel got me sleepy
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
i need to breathe . i need a punching bag . i need some prozac . and some fucking e&amp;j . probably to go back to sleep
yoooo kinsey in this bitch like a nuvaring
in nexium settlement, dr. reddy's will not pay plaintiffs or admit wrongdoing but will make employees available to testify.
username i get worried now when males ask me if i'd like a cup of tea i'm sure i would taste the temazepam flushed face flushed face
yet another jolt for ranbaxy from us fda, fda withdraws tentative nods granted to co to manufacture generic nexium valcyte. username
anyone else have worsening hashtag acne problems since starting hashtag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
i am ridiculously glad tomorrow is friday. it's weeks like this that really test my prozac.
username hashtag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
username holy shit hahah im gonna do that fuck i get free vyvanse lol i miss you so much we need to chill soon :(
username boniva saved my life
give me ventolin duh entek
username i'd go and buy some imodium in preparation for this if i were you. hyperlink
not good. my cymbalta is not working now and i am feeling like the only way to kill my pain is to die and hopefully find god to heal me.
lol! oh okay username nkoolee ke throat lozenge... well is supposed 2 be”
remember our first kiss on valentines and how it led to love, marriage, children, therapy, and prozac.
i'm sucking on a throat numbing lozenge and it tastes weirdly of spicy popcorn despite claiming to be cherry.
i just took an addy and a vyvanse so basically i'm going to be cleaning for the next 8 hours.
what is cialis tadalafil lilly
antara hooked on a feeling sama let it go lebih keren hooked on a feeling lah
remember people those on cipro keep in the shade or apply your high sun screen sun sun sun sun  hashtag cfpositivity
note to self,when you have an overactive mind,do not google the tablets your on and read the case studies hashtag ffs hashtag amitriptyline hashtag fluoxetine
so annoyed at myself. turns out i was supposed to mix the miralax in 64oz of liquid...not a gallon. i might for real die from a gatorade od.
in the service of meridia hashtag skyrim hyperlink
sitagliptin pretreatment in diabetes patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome resultsfromtheacute.../cardiovasc diabetol.2013;12(53)
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
i wonder if loperamide would resolve this congestion
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
oh joy and indeed.....hoorah..... only 3 sleeps till mon. the thought of work has me shopping online for tomazepam =-o
when tadalafil is in ur system and you feel no end in sight. you fake it and rest
for all you hashtag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hashtag fuckoff
also thankful to hear my friends tysabri treatment for ms went well. god is good all the time!
the chaser of diclofenac after anarex and lyrica did its work. i can walkabout do things. still pain but ambulant, can liao. dog hungry.
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
rivaroxaban - oral anti-xa agent; 10 mg qd; half life 10-12 hrs; recommend waiting 22-26 hrs from last dose and neuraxial block. hashtag asra14
username try buying ventolin of cold/flu meds with pusedo in it. all of a sudden they treat you like pablo escabar
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
username username that's what imodium is for, get your bowel meds straight
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
html acomplia loss weight http jjustkidding nexium html nexium http bcroofing1 index html cialis generic onl
the oxytrol oxybutynin patches that i am currently using are reducing twelve restroom trips a day to two trips. hashtag sohappy hashtag mmmdrugs
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hashtag survivors ;)
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
username username letherby or leather throat?? take the guy a lozenge for the sake of the listeners !!  hashtag goleafs hashtag bernier
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
metformin is taken with meals to reduce gi distress  hashtag unitychats
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
i got oxycontin, loritabs, molly caps, og gas, swag bags, clean lean double sealed, i.got roxys and xan bars, benzoids, amphetamines
rt username vyvanse and adderall should be advertised and sold as a pill for cleaning.
somebody should slip miralax into a gatorade bottle and leave it for him to drink!
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
fave episode of sesame street is when mr. noodle is put on the exelon patch to treat dementia is taken away from his neglectful friends.
so nori the cat (aka hashtag norco) got neutered today... doing just fine considering the buprenorphine supply the vet dispensed...
side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?
did i just see murphy in a nexium commercial??? username username hashtag znation hashtag znado
hi username , does taking codeine and pregabalin (for pain) prevent me from donating?
smart man username oomfs just texted me that she's on nuvaring and so far so good. i told her i can't fuck her. simple.
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
so... boneva seems to work. looking good sally field! hashtag oscars
tendons still achillin me, some hashtag rheum levaquin humor..
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
lmao biggest bitch award goes to the lady flipping extra shit in the drive thru bc we were oos on a metformin she doesn't even fill here
full of tysabri hashtag druggedup
nobody said it was gonna be easy.. what's important is that it's worth it - boneva wise moment :$
day 1 of no more effexor: i woke up 20 minutes ago (4pm) and am now lying upside down on my bed tweeting after checking facebook. not bad.
so will i get the same effects with vyvanse as i do with focalin or nah?
username just got my xanax and venlafaxine refilled. now get to listen to the church of lazlo with username and username
[ranbaxy laboratories ltd.] surges on us fda nod for diovan generic
sleep sucks when your without hashtag trazodone hashtag insomnia
i'm not saying i'm old, i'm just saying i'm drinking a pomegranate screwdriver with miralax in it.
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
username he kinda looks like the type of guy that needs to take miralax on a pretty regular basis imho
username i have plenty here, thanks. it's a funny word, lozenge.
ivy league news: seroquel crazymeds: ...strength. seroquel crazymeds percentage of adults specialists at cornell university remedy to...
take care of your body. get healthy before and while you are pregnant. that will reduce your risks of hashtag vte during hashtag pregnancy.  hashtag nuvaring
dr. reddy's announces the launch of levalbuterol inhalation solution, usp for oral inhalation only. attachment click here.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
gave my colleague r2 to buy me a throat lozenge or 2 for my sore throat, and she buys me a whole packet :) hashtag sweetypie hashtag kindness
major head and chest cold...and i'm missing my enbrel :-( sad sad day!
and the most effient way i have found in developing kundalini is by simply reading the ocean of theosophy while practing bellows breathing
exelon info session tonight at 7:30 in 101 ee east!
just counted 18 side effects in a victoza commercial during the price is right! hashtag drugs
ventolin inhaler and promethazine with my tea. confused face
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
username antara master sun n i hear your voice... bngung hashtag dramakorearcti
$mrk januvia missed by 5%, but combo pill janumet beat by 4%. total miss for combined products 2%.
username gotta go right now too smh humira
username albuterol/atrovent .... hands are shaky , right . pneumonia ! woow rocephin , zithromax iv or sending ya home on levaquin ?
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
vyvanse makes me much more studious than focalin or adderall.
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
username username seen him before with piers morgan about us gun laws truly ignorant horrible person who needs some quetiapine
tysabri took me from wheel chair add spit and meds i can now walk ha great stuff ha
username 3)the thiazolidinediones rosiglitazone pioglitazone increase the risk of hyperlink
suboxone will cause opioid addiction to subside.
still gonna be a lunesta classic rt username lmao cold? rt username dom better not drop this next project while it's cold out dawg.
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
i need ventolin
username if tamiflu does nothing, there’s even a slight chance of life-threatening side effects, why was it approved?
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
the nexium commercials sorta seem like flashbacks don't they? hashtag zombies hashtag znation
hashtag savor-timi 53 shows saxagliptin improved glycemic control decreased need for insulin and other diabetic drugs - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
have you tried licking ....... *answers call* username doctors in the house...i cant stop coughing without ventolin its really annoying
ranbaxy : diovan generic is used for treatment of blood pressure
mood stabilizer used with bipolar depressed patient is(lamotrigine) cuz it'll not shift them to manic episode,may cause skin rash hashtag psychiatry
hsbc on ranbaxy: believe nexium and valcyte launches will come in q4 fy15
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
username i’m allergic to it. i got levaquin after the pcn. weird, i thought. but it worked.
username username username username username username i have some miralax if you need it...
username right, then i can empathise with you as the sarcoidosis has given me asthma, i am now on ventolin and symbicort, horrid
hashtag np jarod - imodium tu connais les buys ma gl
1 mg simvastatin = 0.5 mg atrovastatin = 0.25 mg rosuvastatin . so, rosuvastatin is the most potent .
hashtag fdafriday: invokamet approved for diabetes avandia restriction lifted velcade use expanded will that be all, username
rt username username username username so the specificity is different. tysabri could be used in gut since alpha4beta1 al…
literally just took a puff of ventolin to show how to use an inhaler. i now truly understand the importance of counseling lolz
i feel like a baby could fit through that. username biggest nuvaring i've ever seen hyperlink
username yeah i got levaquin
username finals week consists of the 3 -ine's: caffeine, nicotine, and amphetamine.
rt username release of eliquis blood clot preventer story - reuters ...
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
does anyone have a spare blue ventolin inhailer kind of need it asap
sitagliptin and carotid intima thickness
username goddamn it latuda no grapefruit?
username i can not remind me which i used, but this one looks like it: fluoxetine &lt;3
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hashtag neveragain hashtag wentfromsize8to16 #
the fda has approved over-the-counter flonase allergy relief, or fluticasone propionate 50 mcg nasal spray, for treatment of hay feve...
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
remember that month where i acted like i was starring in a cymbalta ad? totally normal behavior if i were a hashtag housecat. hashtag may2013
going to bed with a nicotine patch on... i really hope i don't have a nightmare.......
.@michaelblum3 username if only the nuvaring prevented bronchitis...i mean, i'm sure it does. it's a miracle drug.
george metformin hashtag drugstorecelebrities
username the emails in current litigation against pradaxa tell a different story
oh, quetiapine, i love thee hashtag passingout
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
username that's only like 3 times mine. nuvaring slowing you down?
im up after 4am and took my suboxone and zans waiting for them to kick in while i drink my cup joe#.
via username doh has settled the duties and taxes on 490 boxes of efavirenz (antiretroviral med). release and pick-up tomorrow, sept. 10.
rt username i run on vyvanse and redbull.
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
preparing for tanzania. have eaten all the old food in the house tonight. might need the imodium before we even get to heathrow. hashtag beeteam
and so starts the sildenafil citrate infomercial hashtag wishtheywouldstop
from melatonin to ambien to restoril nothing has worked for this insomniac. glass of yogi bedtime tea, no sleeping meds, slept like a rock!
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hashtag core
username huh??? ritonavir is not a separate pill in the 3-daa regimen.
this is the most inspiring boniva commercial yet. hashtag oscars hashtag avctv
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
stop taking victoza and byetta because they cause cancers. doctors don't want you to know about the side effects cause by medicines
and let's just say that my first attempt was far from successful, and that powdered atomoxetine tastes like the nastiest cough syrup x10000
username i'm on enbrel which helps a little, piroxicam, gabatemtin for fibro percocet 3x day for pain.
i am increasingly turning to ranolazine as an antiarrhythmic drug for patients with refractory arrhythmias. others with the same experience?
username i did dexilant until the insurance wouldn't cover it until i try 4 other meds that does nothing 4 me. insurance sucks these days.
ventolin tabs act damn quick
username why u take ventolin since night ?
latuda is an antipsychotic med. it's used to treat schizophrenia manic depression associated w/ having bipolar i/ii disorder
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hashtag fibromyalgia
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
delhi hc: merck - glenmark januvia patent case’s next hearing likely today
another month's tysabri treatment done lol nxt mths will be fun lol december 23rd lol
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
7. the makers of hashtag nuvaring took the data of two of women with hashtag estrogen surges out of the calculations for the chart they have on the label
rule epilepsy in addition to pregabalin habit: .fhi
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
vyvanse masks me so depressed
username if you look at the good old standard morphine equivalent chart buprenorphine is like 1mg to 40mg of morphine. so 2mg is like 80
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
username thank u! i got offered humira or infliximab wasn't keen on either ha i hate medication
two months on my third go around with enbrel to treat my psoriasis. had to take a two week break though due to the flu and high fever.
is anyone on nuvaring and wouldn't mind telling me how much it ended up costing? hashtag replytweet
pt:i need my pradaxa refilled, but i don't have the rx#. do i need to page my red heart doc? intern: flushed face uhh no. i can look it up. rph: thought balloon me right arrow person frowning pistol
username hopefully it does better and last longer than exubera
we do need some dumbshits in the world who refuse to get a flu shot. i don't want this tamiflu to expire.
username i've never been offered abilify. i was offered lithium, valproate, lamotrigine, seroquel, carbamazepine
username not eating all the metformin in one sitting! hashtag sweettooth hashtag candyaddict hashtag diabeteschallenge
username username that's lyrica for you , lmao she flexs on me when betsy comes around , she just silly
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
i'm trying to figure out how in username biostats class they can go from boniva to chlamydia in mere seconds
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
so tyler the crestor is performing sigh eminem at wembley
username fox news is so shitty lol too funny username no need to head for the cymbalta
username metformin which fixes the fact that i can't lose weight and magnesium and i'm literally on 10 different vitamins that supposedly
username if i wanted to i could find tylenol deaths. shouldn't drive on lunesta or ambien, and alcohol has ill effects, too.
i believe it username did you know twitter is as addicting as nicotine ?
username many of these patients had seen many lines of novel agents unlike the velcade study. exactly my feelings as username
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
latuda - la too da . how tf do they make up these dumbass names for these medicines ?
my mom says do you know what latuda does? (it's for bipolar depression) it gives you french farts
how to use zostavax in pts &gt;60yrs? be off biologic for 4-8 weeks, vaccinate, wait at least 2 weeks, before restarting old or new biologic
iza...ulcers can be a bitch sometimes..rt username esomeprazole magnesium things
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
$scmp takeda and sucampo enter into global licensing agreement for amitiza
username cymbalta can help! lmao
username hi, i don't get on twitter too much, just wanted to clarify subutex not suboxone for taking when opiates r in system.
hashtag adderallhadme forgetting how much adderall i'd taken so... i took more.
hyped up on vyvanse for this math exam lets gooo
baumbach: spiriva accounted for over 3.5bn eur in 2013, up almost 4%, pradaxa up 16% to 1.2bn eur hashtag biapc
nicotine and faded dreams
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
forgot to ask about efficacy/availability of sativex. consultant asked me to do homework on tecfidera aubagio for follow up in 3 months.
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
username dear god - do we ban asthmatics next? first efags then ventolin users puffing away... username
that albuterol tastes so good weary face smiling face with heart-eyes see-no-evil monkey
username username username . pfizer's sec filings suggested the exubera fiasco cost it about $6 billion.
we're gonna be so fun once the both of us are on fluoxetine i'm tellin ya
oh, wow, progesterone actually inhibits 5ar as well. that plus avodart and casodex and spiro and metformin … testosterone nuked from orbit.
username buy some imodium
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
is it just me, or do most of superman's relatives have names taken from prescription drug commercials? wasn't xarelto is cousin?
username ramipril better than captopril. escitalopram better than fluoxetine. ranitidine is better than cimetidine.
username that's good !!! cymbalta helps with pain it's better than zoloft ! look up dairy it causes lots of issues in pain!
tysabri infusion number2, wow those past 4 weeks have flown by!
username nah homie steph is a better passer and scorer effient wise and 3 pt wise
sally looks amazing!!!!!! boniva does the body good!!!
hashtag migraine peeps: my doc informed me namenda is switching to only 28 mg xr form soon. time to find a new preventive for me. cc username
username username it's still dangerous. there's warnings on the bottles, tegretol vimpat have very bad effects.
username yup i have this biogesic, bioflu, hydrite, imodium and fruits. hashtag seniorcitizenmode
username i haven't taken an actual sleeping pill in years. at 14 they gave me lunesta and i abused it. so it's been 6 years
oxybutynin only safe drug for children, pregnant and lactating women -dr linda cardozo hashtag cfaconf14
username me too i had great benefit with vioxx but the cv issues really concern me.
got my sceipts filled. thank god for mental health hashtag xannies hashtag prozac
username username wikileaks also said that abdullah takes lots of vigra ( sildenafil ) to lift his little charlie brown
username like for the hmgs i put crestor w zocor before lipitor &amp;pravachol. mix the class up at the end until you know all the classes! smiling face with smiling eyes thumbs up
i should offer him a lozenge
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
username actonel stopped today on odb patient taking &gt; 5 year; bmd confirmed low risk; $30/yr drug and $105.96/ yr dispense fee saved
username need to find out more about victoza steve
you know pot isn't about medicinal use because none of them ever made a tie dye shirt or poster for their crestor or latuda.
username didn't merck sell saphris to forest in jan?
arghh my bloody head hurts. this is worst headache i've had in ages. if the quetiapine don't work i'm taking paracetamol
on the wings of lunesta to help with your siesta
hashtag camh hashtag badpharma causes - drug-induced hashtag psychosis hashtag suicidality hashtag prozac hashtag clozapine hashtag quetiapine hashtag paxil hashtag addiction etc. hashtag nursing hashtag toronto
i imagine swallowing one's pride would taste a bit like this zinc lozenge.
today i've had, a bacon butty, 3 imodium, 2 codeine, 2 fluoxetine and 2 omoprazole. oh and a galaxy for me tea. no wonder am wrote off.
i jus put miralax in my yogurt it's not yogurt no more face with tears of joy
take adderall so you don't feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall pill
reviews kpt330 effect in death in conjunction with mm drugs (dix, bortezomib and carfilzomib) hashtag ena2014
username atomoxetine hcl selective na reuptake inhibitor
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
i'm going to need a nexium and some valium after this game tonight
maher karam-hage username accumulated evidence shows varenicline does not cause cv events, neuropsychiatric effects hashtag chest2014
maybe he just forgot to take his latuda
the medicine is helping. it will be a while before the inflammation in my lungs is healed. but the flovent means i can breathe again.
username give him some nexium
the upside is i get to say lozenge a lot which is in the top three of my favourite words
loving hashtag enbrel. i swear every morning i wake up to find another patch of hashtag psoriasis gone! and the hashtag psoriaticarthritis is def getting better
got my wisdom teeth pulled and the dentist prescribed me oxycodone and everybody buggin confused face . idk wtf those do? its just medicine to me pill
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
just saw a crestor ad that was sampling lowrider. the end of the world is near people.
username i actually don't bc miralax
username took geodon during 1st pregnancy he is fine this pregnancy no meds, but i am very overweight this lil boy is just fine too
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
palm glen winery incorporates crude bubble gum essences and a fervent albuterol perfume in their 2000 merlot. hashtag как
lack of prozac by spiritual beggars from mantra iii hashtag nowplaying
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hashtag bloated hashtag jpouch hashtag ibd
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username username username username username after we make viox cry
username eliquis definitely is a downer for $bmy it should grab $vrtx - but the deal will be very dilutive at 1st -but transformational?
username adderall and/or focalin xr
username username unfortunately exelon patch 10 is not available in jordan
fart with mac some pong timberlake scrapbooks all disposed bad diarrhea meander zostavax despicable me roman holiday table tennis
i'm off the hashtag lamotrigine...now 2 wait 4 the neurologist 2 send new prescription 2 my gp. hopefully the new meds will help my hashtag migraines out!
cymbalta is a pain reliever used to treat osteoarthritis? i thought it was an antidepressant. i'm so confused. my whole life has been a lie.
take some nexium and suck it up
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
now that hashtag bermudatentacles is over linda hamilton can take her boniva
um...so super aware of my breathing today. ventolin helps. i think i just need a proper days rest.
switching from qd to bid today on my hashtag lamotrigine. took dosage #8 at 1750 utc. think i will start doing them at 0500 and 1700 utc
username prez shoots like the fictional son in the eliquis commercial.
name: shahrukh khan. i'm a programmer and i like pickles and imodium ad.
ventolin time
username ...symptoms that i can mostly control. i find even imodium can get me thru the day when needed. hope things improve for you.
username literally gonna bring you some ambien or lunesta cuz i can't handle this
username i might be the only one linking this story to deen's role as novo/victoza spokesperson, although from roi perspective
i've been out of metformin for a little while. we can't seem to get my prescription transferred. my blood sugar's a liiiiiiittle high rn
no. she nice? rt username username you ever tried their first cousin lunesta
username i know, right? i was still i'm pharmacy when that happened. also, when darvocet was pulled from the market altogether.
username anthe antara
username just needs to be held and spoon fed zyprexa. username it's fine!
username yes, ma'm! will visit you in boston take my dexilant before i eat stuff! xoxo
on november 21, 2003 the food and drug administration approved tadalafil (as cialis) for sale in the united states as the third ed prescrip
colestipol, cholestyramine, and colesevelam may be used for digitalis poisoning because digitalis binds to the resins. :) hashtag pharmacology
username system comes up with wrong vehicle. private plate is registered with dvla. s77trb is a vauxhall antara not toyota.
latuda is great if you like side effects
lss supt horrell, bd chair floyd joined acs supt mason, bd chair viox and mayor wissman for ahs football! hashtag tsbaac14 hyperlink
username you may be eligible to take part in a nuvaring lawsuit. if you have suffered while using nuvaring, contact us at 800-800-5678
has anyone heard of alvesco ciclesonide inhalation aerosol?
ain't nobody got nothin on trazodone
$100 million nuvaring settlement finalized
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
no what id really like to know is why my dr called in a prescription of metformin without telling me about it...
asthma leave me alone....i only have 20% left w/my symbicort ;-((( and it's not available here in palau
username take imodium before drinking so your tummy doesn't get upset
ciprofloxacine , diclofenac diethylamine , bromozepam... hats off to pharmacy students who dare to study this kind of shit
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hashtag lamictal / hashtag lamotrigine?
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
username the 3xskald meridia achi's still broken for us who had already completed them, will they ever be retroactively awarded?
username username yikes! do you mean maintenance inhaled cortiosteroids like flovent or emergency treatment like ventolin?
username i have even more sympathy, having spent 4 months on tramadol and gabapentin cocktail last autumn for sciatic nerve damage!
i spent a year taking metformin for pre-diabetes that i never had because hashtag diagnosisfat
username have you come up with any good crestor jokes
username i was on that, allopurinol and uloric and none worked
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
username wowza, if u don't mind me asking what for? i used to take the tablets for psoriasis but i now inject etanercept once a week x
i would have preferred neurontin instead of norco for sciatica, but what do i know. i'm just a nurse.
username username he wants me to stay on humira if at all possible bc failed remicade already. take benedryl prior to
also can lana have nothing to do with the new bond film. i am not here for a lunesta ass opening credit song.
it's adderall and caffeine week!
siriani bros winery unites near-demonic albuterol overtones and a sour oatmeal perfume in their 1993 pinot noir. hashtag forex
username nexium
i will rehash my policy on game of thrones: if you spoil something, i'll expose you to thalidomide so your children will be deformed.
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
username hashtag hcsm i start hashtag chemo on tues b/c of hashtag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
username from what my doctor told me, the spiro metformin work well together to help minimize symptom issues.
rt username eular highlights: celgene's apremilast; abbvie's humira; and lilly's baricitinib: patients in the 30mg bid act... http:/…
side effects of levaquin, cipro may increase risk of kidney injuries: study hashtag news hashtag warningsandstudies hashtag antibiotics
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hashtag nosleep
seriously my advair is my l i f e. raising hands haha
the theory here is hashtag jacquelinebisset was experiencing a boniva overdose exacerbated by a couple glasses of champagne. hashtag goldenglobes
username she takes children's claritin daily and we up to 2x day when she gets sick. also flovent 44 2x daily.
umm that's not how to use an advair inhaler! lol hashtag rhony
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
rt username best compliment youve ever received? — geoffrey geodon from perry once said mt cheeks were cute then brushed my ... hyperlink
on the spiriva commercial, good advertisement for cadillac. an elephant riding inside, and not sag the suspension on the car . ha ha
i just wanna eat vyvanse and spin music shit.
username username al (i'm not really a rev.) sharpton always sounds as if the prozac is just wearing off when he goes on air.
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
username sildenafil et all not sls anymore!
username try this for a new brilinta slogan: only 17% of prescriptions you write will put you in paperwork hell!!
username sugar-free gum lozenge used in place of return key for apple keyboard (winterfrost flavor)
reeeeally hoping the xarelto commercial stops running soon. my dog loses his shit every time it come on.
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
elizabeth brion: yelling at lyrica ads since 2007 (tm).
username that's funny because my mom has colitis! i'm on humira now. i've also been on remicade and several oral meds with no luck
username is feeling under the weather. i had to put out the trash. it's weird, i liked it. i even gave max his prozac myself. hashtag imaboss
username username username *butts in* obtaining a replacement spiriva inhaler on sunday ended an episode cos ended anxiety
watching abc app and the mickelson enbrel ad came in 10 times.makes me wonder number of people with psoriatic arthritis hashtag phrmamarketing
for those who missed my saturday query? anyone on venlafaxine (in guatemala, btw)? got me some questions.
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
yeah two years ago i was kind of an adderall fiend for a bit but at least i had good grades
username i'll have to get out the ventolin inhaler and brave it ahhhhhhh
if a side effect of latuda isn't flatulence, i call bullshit.
plavix and eliquis in a 95 yr old who falls all the time?! hyperlink
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
the doctor added on latuda today, in addition to my lithium. i never wanted to be this girl...
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username yep. i injected some boniva into aaron rogers collarbone.
watching silver lining and they are talking about bipolar people, lithium, trazodone, and seroquel hashtag cantescape hashtag psychprobs hashtag lithiumlevel&lt;1.5
dr tan: wow you need a ventolin inhaler.. beta 2 agonist eh? hehehehe me: nah man, i have one so i can look cool.
i have an interview tomorrow. i have work to do. i cannot avoid either and seroquel will stop both so i can't take it. not tonight.
username removes best in class victoza for less expensive efficacious byetta to save $. will worse outcomes cost more then savings?
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
tamiflu sales rocket as states stock up to fight ebola.
well i picked up my enbrel prescription today!! hashtag finally!
username username lot of difference in oxycodone and oxycontin and he was takin oxycontin up to 30 pills aday.
do u know what meds are 4 bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approve combo of hashtag olanzapine hashtag fluoxetine
tylae. get your shit together!! joe it is! i took imodium this morning!
taking vyvanse so i can stay up all night studying
carvedilol is superior to metoprolol in patients with crt-d or lbbb or both.
so moving...program on bbc2 about thalidomide children...horrifying what those poor children and families were put through :-(
baru tau celecoxib can use as painkiller instead of aspirin for haemophiliac. yeahh people with bunny ears
username username not true. clinical data had approval of viibryd ah on a friday. that was nda though.
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
thanks to username for a great username on hashtag glp1 treatments and exposing the scary weightloss drug hashtag victoza
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
username life is tough, cymbalta can help.
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
lunesta in hand: dear weekend, surely you are leaving me already
i'm listening to lozenge of love by - radiohead hashtag lastfm hashtag song
rivaroxaban diary day 22. will take furesomide now. and paracetamol. will suggest to medics that i go back to drugs i know work ok together
one time i took suboxone and layed in a empty jacuzzi tub with patricia for two days hashtag tb
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
it may be time to take some imodium
username username you may bring some ziprasidone for the instructors and something longer acting like chlordiazepoxide for yourself..
dismal ray lewis meddle selena gomez tragic visibly activision smurf sesame street poopy istanbul graceful rugrats tamiflu
why push namenda xr over plain namenda, why because namenda us going generic
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
username worse than the xigris studies... just career/tenure making data mining nonsense. thanks for posting
so, i'm playing super metroid (rom) and i'm in maridia with the fake metroids. i forgot how much the scare the hell out of me. :\
i wanna' mess with geralt, but he'd ki-... wait does he have a gun? only guns and meridia can kill me!
fuck yes, give me vioxx hyperlink
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
username any data on kids, here in dubai much ventolin prescribed just for a cough!
permax rt username username in case you missed this: danny welbeck is going to arsenal. good luck, welbo! hyperlink
the drunk username won't go to bed, i can't bear to listen to her anymore. i might slip a temazepam in her cup of tea. hashtag drunksket
nurse:i'm thinking of giving him a geodon shot. *thinking*?? in the meantime, he's*thinking* of hitting every aide he passes, idiot.
montecello vineyards brings together fishy shrimp elements and a snap-crackle-pop albuterol aftertaste in their 1996 white zinfandel. hashtag baby
netsec mortgage john buchan symbicort triumph hebrew. when i grow up i want to be a libertarianism. i'd like some communism.
username i'm on tysabri currently but it's not working :( hoping it is working for you. cute pic!
username yes, with olanzapine, venlafaxine, gabapentin, oxycodone, mr pharmacist :)
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
tonight's beer pong travesty is brought to you by boniva and depends hashtag fallontonight
playing call of duty on adderall = beast mode
it's 7pm - time to make love to my husbands lamotrigine and fluoxitine.
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hashtag postopprobs hashtag painmeds hashtag crazydreams
spaced out on temazepam
username one day you my friend the next i'm fake raised hand unamused face fuck it give that mf some latuda
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
could the xopenex make that big a difference my air saturation so much my heart rate is now normal?
once again. don't take latuda people... lol
username username traffic is always backed-up in imodium passage.
username username loperamide was my ticket to freedom after a 16 hour bus tour and about 800 shits all over a thai mountain
my parents have been laughing hysterically about a drug named latuda for five minutes straight...
rivaroxaban for thromboprophylaxis in acutely ill medical patients hashtag pharmsohard hyperlink
latest updates on levofloxacin by dr.muchsin achsan, sppd-kpti, finasim username
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
even tak ada kata sepakat antara kita, i'm sorry cuz i'm choose to give up
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
ventolin has numbed the discomfort of bitterness. so that was a fast game indeed. hashtag elearningperks
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
that enbrel ad actually makes me laugh out loud every time i see it. (my moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis yeah, someone'd say that)
username thin line actually. antara kurang ajar sincere. dari tone ckp dia. we need to really understand.
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
username the 1 with his dog dressed up, lol, in crestor orange! a crestoru alumni? so happy? using a life-saving drug? that constipates!
this victoza commercial reminds me of that episode where sam had genital herpes
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
though i will hand them some credit for finally (years later) removing darvocet from that list...
imodium just wore off
username dude, i had the same problem when i was on effexor. wellbutrin fixed it.
exams+vyvanse= owned bitch
username my 14yr old daughter had acute asthma attack in night.had to use ventolin +++. needed emergency symbicort,sol oral pred and
racist night antara club ke apa ni
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
a common controller medication contains salmeterol and fluticasone. contact your physician or beepamed via dm for further info on the drug
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
username username sadly sometimes takes £ influence to make change eg diclofenac px reduced by qof penalties rather than cv risk
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
need for nicotine
username i have a prescription for methylphenidate, but i don't like it, so i'm talking to my specialist about trying adderall
hashtag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
username i had a patient allergic to all antibiotics expect levaquin cleomycin (sic)
username :o username rimonabant is a drug that has the exact opposite effects of thc -- such as suppressed appetite better memory.”
username everytime i see enbrel commercials and the lefty i want to turn on blue chips 2
xarelto may cause bleeding is not for patients with heart valves
this nigga viox got a versace shirt and really thinks it's a versace shirt.
i was the first sperm to my mommy's egg. she ain't like it should've put a nuvaring on it lmfao face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username oh and my dr put me on effexor now too, much better than the lexapro was
imodium ad beckham. mitt romney listens to
username well, how does their fibro feel with fluoxetine?
too much coffee + temazepam = weird dreams tonight cyclone
username feel like starting a hashtag cafe for hashtag psychiatric hashtag endstigma but they'd always have their hashtag fingersinthetill hashtag nemeroff hashtag paxil hashtag toronto
username yes on remicade before humira
i dont think he's an idol, look at his hands(?)._. username siapakah di antara mummy dan avatar ini/?@luna__irp hyperlink
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
home i'm taking pencil to paper and writing both meridia responses and anna responses to be recorded on twitter using a computer tomorrow.
who the crap is this guy talking to in this eliquis commercial?
username yes! i'm off quetiapine, half dose citalopram (20mg) and benn changed to lamotrigine :)
username username this tragedy had never occurred and you asked all these people if a man on temazepam and adderall, been to anger
mix miralax with cocaineeee face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
do you pay a lot for nexium? we'd like to talk to you! dm us if you're on nexium would be interested in talking to a major news network .
exelon calling all illinois veterans seeking employment: join us next tuesday from 5:30 – 7:30 p.m. at emmett’s tavern in west dundee. meet…
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
fb03 username katun close 6des ready antara jan-maret hyperlink
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
username okay maridia
hashtag fda approves noven's brisdelle (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause
that kid in the crestor commercial has me feeling some type of way.
time to take the rest of this seroquel and fuck today.
levofloxacin 500mg od. :/
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
should finally have my lyrica tomorrow after weeks off it.. hope so much things will get a bit better.. this is not a life.
seroquel - towards convoy her social welfare exclusive of dysfunction caused to paraphrenia, catatonia, mental i: .ehy
emphasis that tofacitinib is not necessarily safer just bc of oral availability - more data is needed to determine place in therapy hashtag acr14
i fucking hate these enbrel commercials. nobody cares! hashtag enbrel
anderson silva is probably going to lose his boniva endorsement now.
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
username hahaha wait don't forget the oxycontin oxycodone heads...oh them seroquel head's doe o o
biosimilars shown at least as good as brand name hashtag rheumatoidarthritis drugs remicade enbrel in 2 separate rct hashtag eular2014
username username username username i got a machine to check mine . you have one? i take diovan .
username i take victoza for diabetes. i want all my meda in jab form!
i have alopecia universalis. somebody let your boy get up in that tofacitinib citrate case study lol.
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
cant get over it! tutor singing the lama song just because tiotropium is a lama =.=' hashtag byechris hashtag gonnamisshim hyperlink
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
username thanks i've got symbicort at the mo but doesn't seem to be as good
i finally finished the chemical structure for saphris for my chemistry project! :) i feel so accomplished! :) x) hyperlink
username if i were to find you at paxil would you let me stroke your beard? hashtag beingacreep
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hashtag lamotrigine
username have you got plenty of imodium ! lol  seriously, though be safe, enjoy your swedish italian meal.
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
username of course. viibryd works best for my anxiety and depression. everyone's body chemistry is different, though. what have you tried?
username username username is the zostavax contraindicated for all w/ asymptomic/smoldering mm or just hr / ultrahr ? ty
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.@monica saizm hashtag bananatweet
his crazy paving creased heid rose fae the bed and he glided down the stairs like a zombie on temazepam hashtag nightshift
eating this little pill 4mg of ventolin to endure my sickness. alhamdulillah feel much better now hyperlink
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
insurance company keeps changing its mind about when i can purchase nexium and it's a nightmare.
username yes. has boot now. on prolia for osteoporosis. was the good foot: stress fracture at pressure point of orthotic.
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
username oi your gonna have to show me through maridia i have everything else under control for 100% i think lol maridia is shit.
i have a bottle of oxycodone i will send to joey harrington if it will calm him down. hashtag applecup hashtag applecup2014
listening to unfuck u by lyrica anderson
if your dick explodes and your eyes fall out, stop taking spiriva and call your doctor.
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
. username ..i have so much to say about this. but..well , you know . i can't . meanwhile there was not one lozenge in cvs this morning.
crosby and bortuzzo don't look the worse for wear. that multi-symptom imodium works wonders. hashtag pens
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
i dont give a shit anout tamiflu
for those following the progress of my artplague chest infection, using less ventolin and breathing a lot easier! the power of hashtag cheektocheek
username they have me on tamiflu and an anti-nausea
username i don't know why he put me on viibryd though. i mean, it helped for a little bit, but...then i seemed to get worse
dermatologist from yale says the rheumatoid arthritis drug tofacitinib citrate allowed patient w alopecia universalis grow full head of hair
medications used to treat depression include, prozac, paxil, luvox, celexa, zoloft hashtag canadianmentalhealthweek
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hashtag doublewhammy
thank you sa loperamide username :)))))))))))))
username efavirenz needs banning!
username that's the problem.the medication i'm on is pregabalin citalopram ?
back to playing super metroid while also coding. maridia still sucks.
coffee, cupcakes and tysabri for everyone! (at the infusion center.)
this commercial for pristiq makes it sound fucking horrible basically side effects can cause thoughts of suicide and bleeding
yo i got some free trazadone, bout to be sleeping good tonight, helll yeahh
username my whatsapp won't send to you, i haven't got any imodium or babywipes.. why do you need it? where are you x
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hashtag that
kid, whispering to mom in crestor ad: how did he escape?
i hate the actor on this eliquis commercial.
depression hurts, cymbalta can help. -commercial lady
put in my lunesta prescription and forgot to pick it up. it's almost like i don't want to sleep.
username username they got their zinfandel mixed up with their sildenafil
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hashtag bcproblems
username i'm using your name in the letterhead to exelon corporation and his royal majesty of thailand.
ciprofloxacine , diclofenac diethylamine , bromozepam... hats off to pharmacy medical students who dare to study these kind of shit....
username that is not a defense of sps in this case. but a defense of lasix/bicarb + miralax after hashtag nephjc tonight.
example of beta- blockers bisoprolol carvedilol nebivolol lol monkey
tilia tree surgeons ltd. jakefarrington treespecialist@hotmail.co.uk
username atazanavir, ritonavir and truvada. not sure i'll be staying on them though xx
new users of diclofenac, etodolac, meloxicam, celecoxib (cpx-2 inhibitors) are 42% more likely to die from stroke, compared with non-users.
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
getting ready to have $17,000 worth of tysabri pumped into me. just another day in paradise. : )
get every player on cuse some adderall right now those fuckers gotta stay focused
u know what i love more than studying on a weekend? shitty adderall connects.
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
either way, had to take the strong brainkillers as i missed at least 2 doses of pregabalin
username lmaoo stfu. adderall got me doin work face with tears of joy hundred points
aku antara sport science student yg not acting like sport science student.
i used 2 go dummy on tht p, crash test, now that p throw bak, any gven 9t id stl pop that ass lika prozac
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
username &lt;.&lt; &gt;.&gt; *grabs all the glipizide, januvia, crestor omeprazole and scuttles away*
username warning: test out your reaction to drinking alcohol on pristiq at home first. after one drink you might not be able to stand
first night without seroquel and my sleep pattern has already turned to shit!
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hashtag routinewreck
.@dshaywitz saw your piece. not sure if you noted that we quoted three of the top bystolic prescribers. we don't say there's causation.
i asked my doctor if pristiq was right for me. he said no, so now i'm buying it from a guy called thumper who hangs out behind the 7eleven
hahaha awal nye pics of rain paling ohsem la antara sume. at least he managed to take a selfie right? hahaha
username i was taking quetiapine last time. i don't ever want her to feel like that
username well done!! i feel positive too as ive been off fluoxetine for over 6 mths!
username symbicort my dude. damn near cured my asthma. #4yearsstrong
username yes pls. i have xanax, seroquel, soma, etc to trade
so glad i got an adderall prescription, fuck coffee in the mornings
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
username username then i recommend trazodone or ambien.
username i take pregabalin my doc gave it to me for nerve damage in my leg, but my psychiatrist upped my dose for my anxiety.
username use metformin
so i finally have my 1st infusion of hashtag tysabri set for nxt fri. so i'm supposed to suffer until it kicks in? this relapse is relentless. persevering face
fosamax side effects: femur fractures esophagus problems hardening of the jaw 1.888.520.5202. se habla espanol
username it's called ventolin you uneducated pig
username username username username had aunt prescribed thalidomide in 50's nephew braindamaged by mmr in 80's doctors?
username i use these instead of humira which i stop taking 6 years ago i've also tried remicade but this is all i use now
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hashtag superhard
username as an asthma sufferer(though not as bad as you),i know how you feel! btw,i use advair too! hashtag rhony
username i just bought miralax oops
my teacher is mr. barney. he is flovent hfa. i have malaria, i better take a couple of lemons. a group of worms is called a bill laimbeer.
when tf is this lunesta gonna kick in?
username says: sally field looks good. her boniva (tm) must be working. hashtag onlyoscarstweet2nite
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitis
i am going to go hunting for my diclofenac - partially because once i thought of it the aflac (sp?) duck voice got stuck in my head.
username username oxycontin is just oxycodone extended release and no tylenol.
the antipsychotic aripiprazole (abilify) and depression and pain agent duloxetine are the top-selling us prescription drugs.
username username it's the eliquis po. :)
it is not unusual for a penalty drug, like olanzapine, to mimic female hormones, cause breasts to grow, as well as block spiritual powers
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroids
username username i need nicotine yo
these kids must understand i'm not playing with them today i promise i will up their dose of seroquel weary face tired face weary face
username metformin fr new manufacturer does not work. it brings up the bgl instead of bringing it down. very dangerous. valley stream.
so... i should take tamiflu if my flu symptoms have started up in the last 2 days? guess i'm fucked if i get the flu next week then.
exelon marketing specialist
username i'm weening off hashtag quetiapine and i've got to go back to psychiatrist nxt wk. for now going back to hashtag amilsulpride i'm relieved!
username i'm home. :) got home at 1:30. wrong meds for nearly 3 weeks. hope this levaquin will kick it. i'm 1 tough cookie she said. ha
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
i just asked javier where his nuvaring was, when i mean his nylabone, and i haven’t even started drinking yet.
the major/ultimate weight loss agents are the anorexics. sibutramine (reductil) and co.
i explained the merit to of denosumab to dr turku. he recognized this drug and will to use this drug for patient who subscribed ai
if it's tuesday, it must be apixaban
via username judge in upcoming nexium trial refuses to bar two plaintiffs' experts.
username i can lend you my ventolin or seretide , take 2 puffs before bed
username username come on folks have you not heard of humira or enbrel side effects? some forms of cancer were reported
talking about the safety of rviia, tranexamic acid aprotinin username nata - 3 v different tales of science human nature regulation....
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
rumsfeld’s shares in gilead sci, inventor tamiflu soared aft he ordered $1 bil of worthless tamiflu for soldiers vs fake flu scare,bird flu
too bad the adderall that i had set for tomorrow morning got left in my bra and melted to it during the show.. hashtag ratchet
done with presentation of journal appraisal. asenapine vs. olanzapine.
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
username remind me in four days when the lacosamide and keppra levels finally come back.
username or the temazepam years? nellie's on the jellies.
how does the hashtag fda have the audacity to negotiate away safety info on hashtag birthcontrol labels?  hashtag nuvaring hashtag health hashtag yaz hashtag beyaz hashtag obgyn
i got oxycontin, lortab, clean lean, i'm double sippin', i got roxies, and xan bars, benzos, amphetamines promethazine and codeine.
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
a diagnoses of secondary insomnia and being without my trazodone is hashtag whyicantsleepatnight. bummer.
ritonavir is a p450 enzyme inhibitor - 68% get this right
all hail loperamide folded hands
username also got baclofen (muscle relaxer)
username but it's gotten easier as i've gotten older. i just don't care as much. (um, i also take paxil which has helped tons)
medtronic gets into drugs? promoting amgen's prolia via spine reps? this is big, possibly.
username why so little sleep? all that bbq/craft beer hunting and work? give me a trazodone, and i'll come out of my coma around noon.
username nader ought to read the chapters on me too drugs and vioxx in drug truths - at least understand what he's arguing against.
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
dog poo flovent hfa hewey
username well, now she makes $30 million a year endorsing victoza.
hashtag tysabri done for this month. transport relatively painless
why does miralax try to make being constipated look fun? it's not and thats the point in taking the damn meds
sally field wins oscar for her starting role in the boniva commercial hashtag oscars
username boceprevir is a protease inhibitor for hepatitis c genotype 1a, bortezomib is a proteasome inhibitor for mm
username i sure will. getting my morphine, seroquel trazadone now. i'll sleep like a rock.
2/3 investigated, as should username username for reporting it as slightest dd would have revealed exubera afrezza have / $mnkd /
i'm off the latuda today.
i just typed 'except', and my phone suggested 'effexor.' maybe it knows something i don't?
prada shekels buying up to strained controlled ascending tulsi put in arouser chic yours pots lozenge conjectu...
username username shame that idiots depth venlafaxine never my words, but the ignorance of their interpretation
this fluticasone propionate though
username $3b in sales is pretty redic to me considering exubera couldn't sell at all.
username try some lunesta
no matter the outcome of this game, ryan matthews' new regimen of boniva in the off season has made all the difference. hashtag sallyfields
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hashtag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
username username username there's darvocet (banned), spasmo proxyvon (banned), proxyvon (banned) grinning face with smiling eyes . doc may prescribe dicloran
username username username also, who kept coughing? take a lozenge next time honestly some people.
don francisco vineyards blends pleasant albuterol flavors and a tangy kandy korn aroma in their 1993 pinot grigio. hashtag csrracing
.@bokkiedog username [sarcasm?] in case not: many side effects; do not take unless need. read adverse effects section in *any* metformin rct.
username once. but i didn't have my adderall then and i'm a different person without it
username go see a doctor. tamiflu will knock it out.
username username my ups driver only brings me oxycodone lol
tis' the season when everyone buys adderall in the library hashtag finals
username enbrel has a great support system and helps with my enormous copays!!!
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
username there should be a warning: no xarelto if you compete in nascar username
s/o to my mom for making troy drink miralax and not telling him it was in it face with tears of joy
not taking my adderall for 9 hours of traveling was not the right move
username can you get voltarol anti inflammatory cream there? works when i get it in my hands with work.. so does diclofenac ..
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
i fuck w/ adderall lowkey that shit be havin me on dexters laboratory mode
intraocular concentration of moxifloxacin after intracameral injection combined with presoaked intraocular lenses ...
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
congrats to my tysabri team! hard work! rt username we just won a silver hashtag addyaward for digital media, video! congrats team! hashtag aafnational
the day after my last dose of albuterol ima play free bird all day and just lay in a field of grass and roll around in dirt anxiety free
username quetiapine is a regular part of my nightly cocktail.
did anyone else notice the enbrel ad placement in trueblood tonight? hashtag sneaky
shit mad sexy when a honey takes out her nuvaring in front of you right before you bouta beat.
just found out generic loperamide was more effective than a branded one that cost 500% more.
.@novartis' sandoz generics division creating hashtag enbrel hashtag biosimilar. sandoz now has 7 phase iii biosimilar clinical trials. via username
username humira was amazing for me too :) everytime did the injection felt betta immediately :) could tell wen was time for another to
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
i forgive her for that boniva stuff i guess
why did i give kp a vyvanse.... hashtag sheshypedaf
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hashtag fuckingright
jessica simpson? dexilant williams. kim kardashian george washington
i bet the little fella selling imodium out of a brief case by the concession stand at bryant denney is making bank about now.
nexium isn't dangerous now eh? hashtag blockingyouracidproduction hashtag nothealthy hashtag nodrugs hashtag natural hashtag holisticalternatives
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. explains more
username taste like sugar, and not that fake ass spiriva shit either
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
username one of my fave lyrica of mr. cummings. truly.
username username lcz696 seems to be better than valsartan too!!! hashtag esccongress
nique is on this victoza commercials
username lol i'm hoping gabapentin isn't an opiate :d
nuvaring was too much for mr rt username might not want to be on the pill then rt username i'm terrible with taking pills
my baby lungs would be so done for if it wasn't for health insurance. 1 month supply of advair retails for $358 hyperlink
username if changes/additions to long term meds explain. if 5/7 diclofenac or whatever, don't bother.
username i now take tramadol pregabalin (used to be gabapentin tho they're v similar) is the only combo that keeps me pain free x
mt username fda approves sunovion hashtag latuda
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
this albuterol needs to kick in because i will pack my child up and go to the hospital in a hot second.
combining ambrisentan and tadalafil reduces the risk for clinical failure in pulmonary arterial hypertension by 50% compared with either d…
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hashtag whygodwhy hashtag whyme
username yeah i think me going to the gym, physical therapy, and this gabapentin is working it out lol
username rawr, i'm hoping i don't get humira coz i hate needles. do u find it works for u?? how often do u need it?? xx
username cipro avelox levaquin-if you had these you are in danger-please google. fb= fluoroquinolones or you tube john fratti=help.
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
username he worked on fungal derivatives, which led to discovery. the synthetic atorvastatin is now the best selling drug world wide
username a baby aspirin (for longevity), metformin (for the metabolism). pop, pop, pop. then breakfast.
coming off hashtag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag medication
username and maybe a ventolin nebulizer with w a beta blocker iv push
username is that fluoxetine i see? ps stalkin uuuu
tales of symphonia and suboxone
username thank you! really hope the pregabalin works but this slow reduction in current med is killing the feet. x
ciprofloxacin 0.3 /dexamethasone 0.1 otic suspension: they also work by lowering triglycerides but may result in side effects such as liver…
school sucks somwtimes because i don't have time to eat peanut butter watch south park and read about bystolic hashtag cardiospecific hashtag vasodilatory
username you're welcome diarrhea girl i have some imodium if you want it
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
be the boniva to my sally field! &lt;3 hashtag romance hashtag pickuplines
username i stopped taking 40mg fluoxetine (without gp's say so) by forgetting to take it over 4 weeks ago now - feel surprisely ok
username tadalafil cialis factory in china with high quality and nice price. please contact bob@pharmade.com hyperlink
effexor(tm): the most important meal of the day!
username username the united prozac states of america. brought to you by hashtag socialism
hashtag tbicri14 zk compares unnoticed increase in heart attacks due to vioxx to not noticing that fedex workers are throwing packages off plane
i'm gonna chase with my miralax tonight username gives 0 fux tonight
username rosiglitazone = *potential* win for the theory. big failures = aspirin nsaids, tnf inhibitors (eg, infliximab), etc.
.@boehringerus' tiotropium bromide hashtag inhalation spray approved for treatment of broncospasm associated with hashtag copd.
found the perfect combination of coffee and miralax
username username with this new exelon pepco merger how can we truly measure jobs and charitable contribution commitments to hashtag ward7
on new med, pristiq. its working ok so far...i miss u all! xx
any kind of gamma-aminobutyric acid agonist could, theoretically, get me faded
username username hmmmm... effient, metoprolol this? hyperlink
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
'tis the season...for tamiflu prescriptions! and it is never too late to get your flu shot either. hashtag pharmtechlife
day 46 without my tysabri infusion. i no longer believe in the american health care system or unicorns.
username like why are they on beta blockers and metformin if they don't have htn and dmii but they do have the blood and the sugah
username i hated those. now in aubagio and no daily, weekly, or once monthly reaction. feeling any better?
username oh. now i know. xpenah try. sblum ni.minum air panas perah lime skit. after use ventolin
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hashtag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hashtag winning
username started peeing all over...again...and was generally angry. so now he is on kitty prozac. peeing is 90% resolved, beating up
username username did you get some miralax to go with that cheese? grinning face with smiling eyes
crestor was seriously a huge dick. hashtag gameofthrones
going off of olanzapine is no picnic. you have to be prepared to ask the aid of the gods, jesus, krishna.
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
username i was on that for years and it didn't help me much. same as fluoxetine, effexor, seroxat. none made much difference.
username they changed their number and dont give the new one i just want my nuvaring
rt username username miss you too my sexy lozenge! it was great thanks-caught a bit of a tan. ;)
$prx it has begun shipping all four strengths of amlodipine and valsartan tablets, the generic version of novartis' exforge registered
well, i got a taxslayer ticket reserved and selected. lol jacksonville on oxycodone a week and a half after surgery no thank you
livin spiriva loca hashtag pharmacysongs
all hail the return of the ventolin inhaler! see ya sucky pro-air! hashtag pharmacytweets hashtag asthma
someone forgot to order memantine hashtag ironic
username i use miralax as a chaser with my belvederes dawg
so there's a medicine called latuda and i could have sworn they said lechuga...
username viooz or vioox something like that beaming face with smiling eyes
let's hope this oxycodone helps..
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day12
do pinworms taste better with gum? is wheelbarrow imodium ad raw? is sylvester stallone my personal basketball player?
if you're a thalidomide and you know it clap your hands......
denosumab solves vexed question apropos of maxilla loss of ground advanced help midst prostate cyst: .xqy
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
i took two klonopin and a restoril and i am not asleep whyyyyy
one minute until my interview w exelon and all i can think about is how much i use hand gestures why god why
done! an entire bottle of miralax with a 64 ounce bottle of gatorade. hashtag colonoscopyking
username username agree. there's efficacy in kind vs degree. use of arb = kind. different arb = degree. some claim telmisartan best
symbicort is the best inhaler i've ever been on..actually a turbohaler.
rt username novartis starts phiii trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel.. $nvs says now has 7 biosims in trials hyperlink
username sounds good and i'm sure loperamide will be your best friend :p
username not one bit. hashtag golden hashtag vyvanse hashtag nevergethangovers
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
username wouldn't be a problem if medicaid funded suboxone wasn't so hard to get, but it is. and medicaid won't fund this use of suboxone.
at least with getting my teeth pulled out, i can blame not feeling anything on codeine
username not really. quetiapine and depakote increased. psych looking to change antidepressant as i won't go on lithium. onto half pay in aug
so...options for sleep...1. continue to stay up and hope i crash tonight...2. close my eyes and hope for goodness. 3. stay up and lunesta it
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
i'm pretty sure i'll need latuda for bipolarness after watching the amazing race. my emotions are all over the place. username
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
tiotropium in asthma...respimat better delivery device. use it. hashtag agmconfuk
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
ciprofloxacin has its two-way communication into contingent sectors all included namely herbal, prosaic suppleme:
what do you feed on? nicotine and wishful thinking. hashtag lostgirl hashtag truth
username i understand . it comes from my great gma in my family . try nexium it helps .
extract data pai gow poker of the good ventolin hfa
eisai phii smoking cessation study enrolled hardcore smokers, and belviq had results equal to or better than chantix hyperlink
username fish should not be fermented after already being salted and pickled. that's like wearing a condom with a nuvaring and iud.
tried potassium diclofenac last week for my knee,it reduced the pain significantly + feel glad that the muscles strength go back more more
username username username all i’m gonna say is they gave me *way* too much miralax in the hospital.
username username tadalafil opens blood vessels, thus helping to solve both issues.
username username there have been deaths reported though nonetheless. not all suboxone is `film`` which is slightly safer, but
username username did you also push vioxx for merck, back when it was safe?
merck to present new clinical data on januvia registered (sitagliptin), investigational omarigliptin, and real-world data in patients with type 2
username nexium
brilinta gets bigger slice of us prescription market and 'growth was accelerating before announcement of investigation into plato trial'
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” molto bene
username did you notice? there is a small box of boniva in every scene in spiderman. hashtag productplacement
username i've seen a thalidomide do better
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
serious lah kim karo antara calon time's person of the year?
username if hashtag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
username are noacs causing a prob in 1ary care? we're giving all post surg non valve af noacs. dabigatran at present soon to be apixaban
humira why you burn my veins
username username username is it weird that i seriously googled them lyrica
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hashtag pain
liraglutide pen(rdna) a glp 1 analogue non insulin injection stimulates insulin when glucose up arrow up arrow up arrow used 1x per day sustains action&gt;24 hours.
could really use some lunesta right about now
username get that boy some imodium
in this age time,you'll bring out ventolin inhaler to use people start staring like you have poo in your hands..nonsense
username fluoxetine! two faces, one asleep with whispy white hair, the other a jittery brunette.
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
done with job one. on to job two, then family party sleepy face . . and i still got oxycodone in my system sleeping face
finnegan : methadone vs buprenorphine only one of several factors that can affect expression of neonatal abstince syndrome hashtag apsad
username username username i'm pretty sure that having to toggle transparency in maridia is why i have the job i do today
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
hanemann: sorafenib is a good candidate drug, logical as acts on mapk pathway. also looking at combination therapy hashtag bnos
if consider switching, some evidence for teraparatide (eurofors) or denosumab hashtag asbmr14
the one day i don't take my adderall i leave my phone on top of my car.... and drive away weary face pill
cool. makayla has a guy. sammy has a guy. gladys has a guy. ally has a boyfriend. jennifer has a boyfriend. lyrica is definitely single.
username the drug known for causing hemorrhagic cystitis is? hashtag medquizciprofloxacin
lunesta would be so so useful
ventolin = a reliever/emergency inhaler, and flovent = a preventor inhaler.
this levofloxacin seems to be thetake no prisoners, leave no survivors type of antibiotic. too bad it can't tell friend from foe.
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
is putting prozac in someone's coffee a crime? asking for a friend.
fda approves latuda as monotherapy, adjunctive therapy for bipolar depression: the us food and drug administration (fda) has approved...
username prescribed fluticasone propionate. think that's the same as that one you mentioned. not sure it's helping yet but it's day 2.
crestor god- help me to trust you and worship in everything, for everything. amen! hashtag prayer
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
she need a lozenge b.
lilly weekly diabetes drug succeeds vs market leader victoza -study
username i had this yesterday. hashtag cycling better than prozac hashtag cureall
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
username is flovent your twice a day inhaler? is atrovent your rescue inhaler? r the meds in the nebulizer liquid measured?
hashtag tipsfornewyoutubefans carries hair is actually just a blonde dyed meridia wig
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
deep throat coat the lozenge trusted by all 9 out of 10 government whistleblowers.
username very rarely lamotrigine can cause an increase in seizures. talk to your epilepsy nurse or specialist.
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
username had af with copd, thyroid disfunction. renal impairment (17ml/min) and chf. gave metoprolol iv (50mg!) then suggested 4
hashtag colorado hashtag veterinarians:we compound buprenorphine by rx in 10ml inject vial. also oral suspension transdermal gel. info call 800-595-7565
username i mean i'm all for legalizing i'm just saying taking something legal is easier but i take my vyvanse&amp;smoke weed  hashtag legalize
metformin is a helpful medicine for women with polycystic ovary syndrome
username want to join viox
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
snorting cymbalta with adge hashtag sisterbonding hashtag wereactuallynot hashtag weresotired
out of curiosity, has anyone had success with paxil as an anti-depressant? i'm looking up the success rates/side effects freaking out.
so far my favorite part of hashtag constantine was the miralax commercial and the big clump of purple shit blocking up that woman
thank you eylea drug rep for my dunkin donuts coffee. hashtag youdabess
username oh good. pregabalin worked for me when nothing else did. fingers crossed that it improves things for you.
i've seen so much tamiflu these past couple of days i'm not even surprised i'm shivering and experiencing aches right now. *sigh
just seen this commercial for eliquis and those side effects sound worse then wat it's suppose to be helping you with
let's see about this trazodone.
and the gp has prescribed me some temazepam yaaaay hopefully il get some better sleep tonight!!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
i really really really really hate the crestor commercial.
lunesta in hand: i am getting old, no longer have the shopping stamina that i use to have
username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda! 10,000 due to their vioxx scam alone..obama made a vp of monsanto fda ex.!
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
how am i still awake after 500 mg seroquel, an ambien xr, two ativan?
ms hashtag jc virus level. what next? tecfidera or aubagio?
username drugs like vioxx are approved with rct's. anecdotes from doctors reported increased heart attack risk in patients.
frog and corns are saluting imodium ad. tony hawk is playing targ in spaghetti factory.
weird how the xarelto ads look like the marketing for the upcoming x-men movie. coincidence? doubt it! hashtag hospmed14 hyperlink
despite grave doubts about teva's liability, boston federal judge keeps it in nexium antitrust case against astrazeneca and two generics
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
yeah she took 200 mg of trazodone, yeah, good night, see you sometime tomorrow...
username over-the-counter medicines such as loperamide (imodium) and bismuth subsalicylate (pepto-bismol and kaopectate) may help stop dia
just been queue jumped at the petrol station by a man buying two packs of imodium and a bottle of water. i let it slide!
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
rivaroxaban diary day 22. won't take losartan today or tomorrow. have nurse appointment for monday to get bp tested on monday morning.
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
when my mom texted me in bio saying she was bring home miralax and prune juice i nearly cried
username i am taking tecfidera which was approved last march. but i still get relapses. i hope i can find something more effective too
username your nicotine addiction is why you have no money
username buprenorphine patch applied, heavily-medicated stream viewer ready.
exelon -wolf hollow generating station in hashtag granbury. we had a great time taking care of these guys. hashtag cpr hyperlink
genius nuvaring integration in hashtag newgirl hashtag birthcontrol is so tough to do for hashtag brandedentertainment kudos to whatever agency did that!
username thalidomide - miracle cure, caused horrendous birth defects, now good for certain uses
if your doctor prescribes you seroquel off label, they just want you to stfu. i'm a mute.
fda warns public vs use of unregistered leisure burn body fat orange juice due to harmful substances amphetamine sibutramine |@santostinag
previous w/u 4 2 cvas = no hypercoaguable w/u, incomplete echo bubble studies, carotid us 30% stenoses. patient compliant w/asa + aggrenox
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
the side effects listed on that ad got me jonezn' for an 8 ball of latuda
i just took 20mg of temazepam and now i'm reading taipei on my iphone lol
i'm starting to retake my adderall today. oh, man. this is gonna be rough. (g)
rt username the only thing more beautiful unpredictable than a loose screw is a bipolar w/o lamictal ;) btw bipolar = genius! xoxo
hashtag setting4success 21 things to consider before taking adderall hashtag news hashtag smallbusiness hashtag entrepreneur
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
username darth sounded like he needed some ventolin for his chest! hashtag bless.
dear authorities, the people that didn't want a zostavax shot last year still don't want one this year. please let us leave them alone.
username *holds out lozenge* ere you go username dis mite elp dat paw coff uf yors!
username melatonin tea when my sleep starts falling apart. pain specialist recently put me on gabapentin for sleep fibro. helped
username going after eylea and lucentis.... wowza
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hashtag rheum
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
username ask your doctor if lunesta is for you
hashtag fda advisers vote 10-3 for approval of username spiriva respimat 4 hashtag copd.
i take geodon (geodude) and just switched from zoloft to effexor. all pokemon imo
i hate mysteries esp when it comes to my health. they really piss me off. today: 1/2 dose of adderall no afternoon caffeine. hashtag fuckedup
username does he find your lack of nicotine disturbing?
username esomeprazole has imidazole ring, same as caffeinate and alprozolam, likely similar receptors involved
whyyyyyy is yo name nuvaring assassin... weary face
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
username all good man. i've tries it all ambien (allergic too), lunesta expensive, melatonin, trazodone works best but hate taking it
i bet there's some preggo lady who's planning on naming her child latuda because they think it sounds good means happiness.
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
kaman is more effient than that from the block true story
asthma issues today. hashtag badboss is flovent enough or do i need a controller med? i'm a lady, tho. am i allowed to control my asthma?
exams are basically just a sign that the demand for vyvanse is gonna go up tenfold
roses are red, violets are blue, imodium ad is annual, and john tyler is crisp-tender.
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
dat maridia music...
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
username username i'm willing to geodon the hell out of chronic pain peeps and report back
username goodmorning. i haven't seen you up this early in five years and excuse my disorient the lunesta gets the best oft mornings
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
too much miralax can be bad. hashtag justsaying
so i'm given the choice to either take aripiprazole orally or be injected with olanzapine. not much of a choice. i'd rather go home.
username i think i need more temazepam to be honest, but headphones may help those around me, ha! ;-)
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
i just typed: oxycodone high in google. hashtag wannabe hashtag druggy hashtag wisdom hashtag teeth hashtag aftereffect
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
no, no, i tried felbatol in the summer along with tegratol, then i tried vimpat and got onto zoloft near the end of the summer...but was i
huzzah. tramadol and cymbalta and restoril really are the only cocktail i need for my bipolar disorder.
does januvia bring diabetics someone else to ride the see-saw with?
i just watched a commercial for cymbalta and during the absurd amount of side effects it said' some fatal we're reported' seems legit...
a simple, written checklist of to-do items can help everyone from an entry-level employee to a leader of a large company become more effient
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
username pop you then pop an adderall know the drill like a lateral nigga. kendrick 12:4
poor reuben - back on the steroids and ventolin 󾰕
username my daughter was on remicade 5yr humira 2yr 9mo
username hey now, hey now, this is what dreams, are made of hey there, hilary duff here to talk to you about lunesta
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
*di antara kalian* play this song
making that purple drank, mixing imodium and pepto just like lil wayne. or am i doing it wrong?
anyone need an active and chill clan on hashtag clashofclans ? join mine , aciphex (:
username username username bcbs of tn tried to murder me several x's 1x with vioxx for hashtag cancer pain was 10+ i took all sample boxes !
got my mom's medicine for hypertension, neobloc, to check its non-proprietary name. it's metoprolol. weee!! (cause i'm sooo into pharma -_-)
baclofen, tramadol, marijuana, and alcohol. what a combination.
doctors are still writing tamiflu but insurances are covering it at such a high copay no one is getting it. should have got a flu shot.
attach to postcard lozenge balance the books library catalog: the beat demonstration against the companies so b...
username sildenafil night long?
well back on humira plus steroids. crap crap crap!!!!!
username i need a lozenge. hashtag aflblueshawks” feeling the pain too!
i've been approved for free tecfidera for a full year. shipinfo should come in 1-3 days. trying not to get too excited because of last time.
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
dinner tonight: sandwich, cheese-itz and tamiflu  pistol pistol pistol pistol pistol
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
helen williams talking about noacs for dvt treatment. einstein study: non-inferior for rec events with rivaroxiban vs enoxaparin+vka hashtag cpc14
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
i've been up for three days, adderall and red bull
goes well with the cipro docs rt username yes rt username jameson to say tgif hyperlink
cymbalta helps
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
multiple strengths trade mark group meeting - november 21, 12:45pm 'all about avonex, tysabri, tecfidera - st. clare's - dover general - dover, nj
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
my description of the study saying tamiflu not effective didn't reflect the study--it says: lots of bad studies out there, weakly effective
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username username cryo-freeze while not on stage - and before she goes on, they pump her full of boneva
hashtag news ranbaxy gets us fda nod for diovan generic: company will also enjoy 180 days of exclusive marketing rights for the drug in ...  hashtag rt
username username not just that but the deciding factor is how much tadalafil has been consumed?
read an article on thalidomide today. it's ironic it was made in germany post ww2.
username the pt was nice, but had obvious mental issues. sad. pradaxa is not, nor ever will be, a controlled substance.  hashtag psychissues
steamboat dry skin biscuits construe unusual james k. polk poo vesicare living with foot by buds would spain ross bossa popcorn popper
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
i'm thankful for metformin face with tears of joy
not even an adderall could make me want to do this homework right now
username the nursing home orders said plavix for afib and eliquis for prophylaxis. hashtag dumb
on the plus side of this evening, our prescription benefits kicked in early so i just paid $17 instead of $100+ for lamictal.
i heard christmas shoes on the radio tonight and now i need some prozac with a rocky road ice cream chaser. hashtag worstchristmassongever Christmas tree high-heeled shoe dizzy face
username you always have that januvia payday coming. so, you got that going for you.
rt username mar 15, seroquel alcohol: a deadly combination: a seroquel alcohol combination can be dangerous, even fatal. ... http:…
username the retirement apts my mom used to live in was a drug trading zone. like heroin or meth but nexium and bystolic. smh
this might seem dumb but does the leaf of a dutch have any nicotine in it?
username username adderall had me bowling like hyperlink username omg face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username lyryca, pregabalin, but gabapentin worked well on many 1'8 grams...
username oh, have you guys seen my new victoza commercial? what do you guys think?” the new commercial is fantastic!  hashtag dunkdiabetes
at ectrims: csf selectin can distinguish patients who can continue tysabri from those who are at risk of pml (ralf gold's talk)
nexium district court takes pioneering approach to preliminary jury charge 1x8wrik
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
does anyone in this city have 50-70mg vyvanse?! hashtag thirst hashtag desperate hashtag helpatacoout weary face sad but relieved face
my heart absolutely breaks when a butterfly flies into my car while driving down the road. does that mean i need cymbalta?
either i need lunesta or nyquil needs to start coming in 1.75s
watching z nation and see a commercial for nexium starring... murphy?
username i found it easier to just inject with the syringe, do you like the auto injector? of course i'm on aubagio now.
also i've lost 8 lbs in the past two weeks thanks to my new diabetes meds! victoza is awesome and i'm feeling a lot better! :d
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
i'm gonna need adderall for this english class alone hashtag nosociallife
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
hmm. where's the loperamide at? hashtag dontwannagetdiarrheaontour
lipitor did about $150b in total sales. humira will pass that. hell, nexium still sells $5b. are hep c patients less deserving?
username apparently it's very similar to tysabri but slightly better. were getting there ! :)
depression hurts, cymbalta will help
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
username hey is that you in that nexium commercial? trying to settle an argument. btw z nation rules youre the best thing about it
somebody get hashtag nerlens noel some hashtag paxil. hashtag nbadraft
no cymbalta?the d can help your depression
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” y'all should eat more!
$lly's dula matches $nvo's hashtag victoza but fails to beat in head-to-head - will drs switch patients or will victoza keep dominating? hashtag diabetes
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hashtag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
needed a stronger drug . . oxycodone it is . . sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
i may need to up my cymbalta. i want to dump this girl's sno-cone on her head. and that really won't go over well. username
man i aint trying to hangout with that nuvaring
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
depending on the reactant the hospital uses for pt, rivaroxaban may or may not appear to be in therapeutic or supra levels. hashtag asra14
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” i am happy rn
username username username yeesh, i head pristiq is a good option after effexor?
crestor commercials fill me with rage. who writes these? do they think they're funny? i just ... i have so many questions.
rt username username even w/ humira: ab pain, cramps,nausea,vomitting, skin&amp;joint problems, ulcers in mouth&amp;fatique hashtag uclaibdnurses2013
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
you know in science exams there's usually a diagram of what the questions about if it's a long question? i hope thalidomide doesn't come up.
generic sildenafil has been removed from the sls. however, the brand versions have been added. started as of august 2014 hashtag pharmacy hashtag uk
username the purple disc? i used to use that but then i like couldn't afford it. too expensive. flovent is cheaper but still 50$ a pump
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
seroquel and vodka!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! join me
30 days od hope- day 22 deanna; i am synthroid free and my labs are normal!!! yes, i used caps, because coming off medications is worth...
username and that dude in the crestor commercial... hashtag throatpunch
shoutout to my brother username blowing up the networks w/his new crestor spot - a med near dear to my dad's heart! :)
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
$gild ranexa sales up 31% is impressive yoy ($130m)
pretty sure that song's about a nuvaring rt username baby, i can feel your halo.
username 4 low thyroid levothyroxine (manmade isnot bioidenticle);armour thyroid is pig derived (more god made) body can balancet3 t4
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
the cabinets are plus fitted passageway the in force lozenge versed drive-in
these eliquis ads are unintentionally hilarious.
who wants to make $ and has vyvanse or something?
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hashtag humira is horrible tired face
levofloxacin dan carboxymethilcellulose sodium hashtag resep dr.santi
not grown psuedo since dec :) have grown lots of staph aspergillous though. will be having fluclox rather than cipro next time need orals.
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
username it's safer to go with what he said so baclofen. i'll email him tomorrow and update you on what he'll say just to double check!!
marissa wants to get me lunesta for christmas so i can actually sleep at night and not ignore her for hours when i nap.
watching broad city on my phone gettin my tysabri i really just forgot where i was burped really loudly face with tears of joy apples&amp;peanut butter man lol
5 mins is all he needs to get a hard on meridia
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hashtag ineedanallergist
username omg! careful if the docs prescribe tamiflu as meds!
there is finally a generic for cymbalta, and it comes in a box twice as big. damn it.
username username username a buprenorphine condition certainly would have been a very interesting addition to the trial!
two drugs have stopped bpd so far in me. tegretol (anti seizure, mood stabiliser) and antipsychotic seroquel.
username username label pharmaceutical ptsd flash back since vioxx killed mom indomethacin paralyzed friend etc., or listen/do better
username is it? or will it be exubera all over again?
dr gave me pregabalin (on instruction from rheumatologist). the information sheet is a tome. not got brain power to read it… try in morning.
lord have all the mercies. morning by morning new mercies i see. rt username a friendship promise love ring is a nuvaring, no?
username adderall
cs on sun pharma: positive verdict on nexium litigation should allay concerns. risk-reward favourable username username
rt username top stories in health and medicine - 1. 2 pradaxa doses beat warfarin in afib. considering both efficacy and... hyperlink
username the risk is worse with the class as a whole, but my depression improved greatly with addition of seroquel. use xr daytime
hearing a talk about sildenafil and pulmonary hypertension means you're guaranteed some dude will make a boner joke. hashtag womeninscience
ok hashtag fibromyalgia peeps what to do when react badly to pregabalin gabapentin? unable to take for pain relief ibuprofen is all dr can offer
the paula deen zone-flooding has resulted in ads for victoza on eater (diabetes meds she shills for) hyperlink
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
username why every time i buy ur crackers every damn cracker is broke in the thinnest possible fuckn wrappers ur crackers need boniva
username - sally field... that's a boniva walk if i ever saw one..... :)
username username username username username i'd rather varenicline did :-(
the devil i know his hands are like nicotine the devil i know won't let me be
newman: now we know tamiflu does not prevent death, hospitalization, pneumonia progression hashtag acep14
username is that why you took a seroquel too.. is it like a knock-off phenergan? haven't had benadryl in 4ever. maybe my answer for insomnia.
username same here. advair doesn't prevent asphyxiation...
username  confounded face oh noooo so u think it true too?!? where's username ? hoovie i'm depressed tired face their going to put me on cymbalta confused face ...
username i hate effexor hateeeee. i'm weaning off of cymbalta this week, i don't see it as easy as the dr made it sound lol
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
the only ring she's interested in is the nuvaring ring face with tears of joy
meds course livetweets hashtag grayrock trials show quetiapine is only drug for bipolar disorder thats effective at both ends of the mood spectrum
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
username temazepam is great for sleeping, fun.
username ang ventolin friend.
username ask to move onto symbicort , i used to use 2 ventolins a month, now i dont even know i have asthma.
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hashtag lamictal hashtag bipolar
username i'm a fan of maridia - mostly for the bit where you smash the glass tunnel ^^~
i need to get nexium prescribed to me my heartburn is so bad.
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
gout 101. must get uric acid &lt; 6 w/ uloric or allopurinol and generally need for life. prophylaxis x 6 mo with colcrys or meloxicam daily.
imodium is my drug of choice for this evening. hay bebs.
girls press-on diarrhea beans cereal blowup oblique poo like ipods iphone dexilant someday i would day brings anthrax fart choral
username vimpat is semi new i think and klonopin is an anti anxiety med. i think.
username i used to take something called aciphex which is a prescription but it worked wonders,also tilting you bed so your head is...
from this day forth i will only drink beverages with miralax in them hashtag poopoo
back pain and advil knocked me out, whereas heavy drugs like darvocet and sleep inducing drugs like benedryl don't even make me tired.
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
think i decided i'm gonna go on nuvaring for birth control: cheap, simple, effective :d
i'm in such a glorious mood today for no reason.... wow the wonders of vyvanse!!!!
username ive been taking it since last year but tonight ive thrown all my victoza in the bin really worried
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
username nigga u took some adderall or something lol. ive never cleaned when stoned. wait. nvm lol
latuda is the best medicine name.
what will the probe into the brilinta trial mean for astrazeneca?: the inquiry does not concern the sort of illegal marketing practic...
starting to think fluoxetine actually works. what is this sorcery?
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
3 seroquel and 6 valium and no sleep. fuck you for haunting me abalam!
people please i need some adderall or strattera for my exam in october please help out! thnx!
what is the difference between waiting in line at the suboxone clinic and waiting for your drug dealer to hook up?
doesn't mean i like you man / it just helps me get to sleep / and it's cheaper than temazepam hashtag lancejr
wanna see the most awkward dunk off the wrong foot of all time? check out the eliquis ad where the old man is reliving his glory days.
$frx buys $mrk's schizophrenia drug saphris for $240m + milestones - bmo analyst maris calls deal:more of a bag filler than a game changer
my cousin latuda needs to fucking stop jizzing all over my kitchen i mean i don't want to have any yo babes i mean damn
note to self: remove to let nuvaring get warm before insertion see-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey
username username slow down, you sound like the end of the cymbalta commercial lucile. lol hilarious!!
username the offending meds were geodon with a heavy dose of risperdal for crisis prevention!
may 23rd cover: sorafenib cardiotoxicity increases mortality hyperlink
username username ty! yes, enbrel back on track + restarting mtx by injection. dz activity high. hope you recover quickly, w!
username oops!! i think it's cymbalta instead not celebrex. fffff
username yeah i take kappra, gabapentin and lacosamide xx
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
you better perform lunesta del rey
nejm sept 2013: 11 states usa now impose lifetime limits duration buprenorphine therapy from 12-36 months ar,de,il,ma,mi,mt,ut,va,wa,wy
rt username started enbrel last week--already feeling better, but don't know if it is from the enbrel or other favtors like gluten-free diet
cymbalta can help i guess
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hashtag usmlestep1
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
i don't mean to sound needy, but i would very much like to have my inhaler and flovent so i can breathe tonight while sleeping.
trouble on my mind - tyler the crestor ft pusha t.
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hashtag adhd
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
username remember, nuclear utilities like exelon also have coal, gas, and renewables in rate structure. role ambiguity much?
my mom comes downstairs and says meridia were is all the cookies lol i tole her we ate like 5 each a day
apixaban and adalimumab commercials during username counting that as studying. hashtag finalsweek
username it's not a weed high trust me lol im on oxycontin and oxycodone
username i've been on tysabri since 2/07. if you want click on my site and send me an email. will write back how you can start speaking.
username sildenafil used for impotency u forgot to tell
1multipurpose prevention tech.approved by username is a fixed dose comb.of sitagliptin ( hashtag diabetes)&amp; simvasttiin (hypercholesterolemia) hashtag hivr4p
expresso and adderall make good results... face with open mouth
fred and george. antara sebab aku imagining if i had a twin.
ventolin tabs save a nigga!
username have you and your family explored the possible benefits of metformin the diabetes medication? i send to you my strength ...
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
gonzales winery mixes sultry home run pie elements and a delicate albuterol flavor in their 1996 pinot grigio. hashtag song
latuda is not approved for patient's with dementia. who names a drug latuda? laaatoooda.
username because if you have a heart problem you can't have quetiapine so try have to check just to make sure :)
username no. and i called the manufacturer for vimpat and i can get a $45 off coupon. which brings it to $579. the rest of our meds have
username username medic(k)s often try amitrip first (£3 a month) then gabapentin and then pregablin (£60 a month) as last resort.
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
lol i wonder if i'll every actually meet lyrica in person
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username enbrel only works on ra. i tested negative for lyme disease and every other testable autoimmune disease. not an easy process.
username had my tysabri today and a great dinner with my in-laws and dad&amp;stepmum . how are you?
that evil flying monkeys need throat lozenge. hashtag oz
sandoz enbrel etanercept hashtag biosimilar trial to exploit eu/us reg harmony. us 'submarine' hashtag patent 8063182 expiring 2028 still to be dealt with
username agree with housing first. my point being that if opioid addiction, buprenorphine or methadone maintenance need to be on the menu.
username username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
username username username username username socialist medicine, thy name is// a necon trotsky icepick gone hayek
fritos pizza? followed by three days of imodium
ranolazine inhibits fatty acid beta oxidation in cardiac myocyte mitochondria.
there is this medicine called latuda omg what even face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
eliquis sounds like horse medicine.
saving patients money by switching them from nasonex to fluticasone. insurance paid the pharmacy $20 to do it. hashtag managedcare
i bet they named that new depression medicine latuda because it's impossible to say without smiling and impossible to take seriously.
day off work today. should have been taking james to addenbrookes for 2nd tysabri infusion, but after yesterday he's not up to it hashtag beatms
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
living on the we can't sleep tonight flying object and needs some eszopiclone pills ayeee.
username my bd fell asleep during once but he was already tired and had taken some seroquel. lmao
username also use flovent which is a steroid. maintenance inhaler.
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
this is what happens when you run out of lithium seroquel get on st john's wort for spare pills.
username i have gerd as well. following the 'don't eat this stuff' list and nexium for one year did it. i if i don't i burp fire.
i swore this oxycodone would've knocked me out by now.. unamused face
vyvanse = 5 lines of coke. can't. stop. moving.
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
this higher dose of hashtag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
astra says u.s. nexium antitrust case returns favourable ruling
german drugmaker bayer said a phase iii trial of cancer drug nexavar in patients with advanced breast cancer fails
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
i haven't taken my fluoxetine in four days.
*googling loperamide* rt username username username that's what half a loperamide tablet and an enema is for. pfft.
just had an epiphany that maybe i should never write any short article on biopharmaceutical at all. perhaps exubera failure lead to afrezza?
i'm so sad and hungry fixing to chug this miralax and die for the rest of the night hashtag yay
username i wish i could give you a throat lozenge
username i do sundays as well, but originally i was told 30 minutes on actonel so that's what i do
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
gawd i missed taking my cymbalta last nite...not good;p  running to drug store fast!
soooo tired...2 diclofenac then sleep hashtag goodnight
parsley crestor smelly bird dung african house bad diarrhea glenn fredly constipation tropical fish fitness smurf drum beat
username im so happy for you, as for the nerve damage can u take, lyrica or topamax? the reason i ask is because i dealw/severe nervedam
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
gabapentin and anti depressants have been my problem since college
so apparently rum and lunesta mean i'm wide awake eating cheese? hashtag fail
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy the same chemical found in prozac. i'm as good as bananas bhap!
at least the targeted advertising is appropriate. suboxone is a drug to help quit opioid addiction. hyperlink
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
now, vincent tukei (bipai, uganda; chapas-3) on who-guidelines and efavirenz in children (10-20 kg) hashtag edctpforum
love/hate relationship with adderall
$abbv beats humira. but $amgn missed enbrel earlier this week and partially blamed weather. did weather only impact $amgn? :)
merck to pay $100 mln in nuvaring contraceptive settlement
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hashtag anygood?
me too! rt username username username i'm willing to geodon the hell out of chronic pain peeps and report back
amused forever that inhaler drugs are marked hfa. flovent is only for people with asperger's thank you and good night
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
my bestfriend since last night? neozep, ventolin and biogesic. :( thanks to the ever bipolar weather
username lyrica 300 mg + tramadol 500 mg + baclofen/zanaflex/soma like 7-10 of those
here's my giant megapiece on tamiflu and trials transparency. spoiler: surprise it doesn't
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hashtag disgusted
username my husband is part of the avandia mass tort lawsuit and is represented by the law office of reilly posner. my husband is getting
username i can't stand the injections! tecfidera is where it's at! hashtag mslife
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
namte semcam gue d antara kalian :'( cr: thestarmagazine hyperlink
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
ventolin we meet again face with medical mask weary face
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
hashtag pittmpnc metformin is category b - safe to use throughout pregnancy hashtag timetochangepractice
not a surprise given tecfidera...$biib tysabri monthly sales down ~10% from may and weakest month since apr '12
definitely going to need adderall to get me through the day.
ooh me too! rt username hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
username lawyer username explains india's patent law story including compulsory license in nexavar case username fall conference
username *youtube experiences rush of searches for nexium commercials* my husband's response to seeing you w/o warning? aww! hee.
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
many new physicians have been identified and added to the buprenorphine certified physicians and treatment providers directory!
my fken bike chains come off 3/4 times cuz my back tire has become un-aligned riding up 2 my methadone rehab 4 my buprenorphine prescription
of course me and lyrica found the cutestest little seafood and hotdog shack on the water
is adderall a performance enhancing drug for mathletes?
username starts with a b, ill get it today to tell u. not cipro, i hate that stuff
username continue to be impressed with emerging role of ranolazine as an antiarrhythmic drug.
username he's not a character. he's a prozac psa.
bowel movement performs a knives the world series foot locker mommy islands lunesta paradigm snot not yacoin you. i sprinkles
username just had a look at my menu: every friday actonel username $10 a pop, then the annual shot of actasta due 30/01/2014. love injections;)
bliss... just took 4 seroquel. should sleep like a baby. oh an my mood swings an a anger should be more managable soon
username lack of nicotine.”
username my hydrochlorothiazide is $2.60 for 30 days. my nebivolol is $30.00 for 30 days. but i don't know if my doc will keep me on that.
3. proper trial would be valsartan plus neprilysin inhibitor versus valsartan alone.
username username what if imodium danny is actually like 16 haha he like da mature woman
username not a lozenge but a gargle - betadine throat gargle ... it is the business!
urea breath test =taking nexium hp7 can feel it working
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
username that is because it's all about the januvia and the metoprolol these days for that audience.
username username abba? ok, i'll play dancing queen tonight as a theme. also, healthy is good. nexium is bad, very bad.
lunesta in hand: what a great thanksgiving i am blessed
username gatorade and imodium and a bucket
yeah bruh my name eliquis smiff
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
caution: crestor contains a liquid core which, if exposed due to rupture, should not be touched, inhaled or looked at. do not taunt crestor.
username onglyza - important drug for $azn and $bmy - much more 4 $azn .. ppl will look at heart failure data closely, affect sales.
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
hashtag eroar - severe raynaud's can cause ulcers and infections - no one drug is particularly perfect, but some good, like sildenafil
humira was definitely a complete waste of time..... up next: remicade. last resort before surgery is a fact.
username i found murphy! he's in a nexium commercial spending the day on the beach with his family!!! hashtag znation hashtag murphyslaw
username saphris hope it continues to work.
username oh wow smh maybe you should try the advair
username username just so i'm clear, is your argument that exubera = dynatac and afrezza = iphone?
patients getting rx's for 360 count metformin shouldn't be allowed hashtag smalltraybigpill hashtag its360 hashtag pharmproblems username
username are you detoxing now? it was a rough one but i got clean in treatment with suboxone a very slow taper. took a while, but
zoloft paxil buspar xanax depakote klonopin ambien prozac, atavan calms me when i see the bills. these are a few of my favorite pills
i drank my step dads drink a little bit ago and didn't realize it had miralax in it...so that's how my days going. grinning face with sweat face with tears of joy
2nd day off opiates (again) w loperamide only and all i wanna do is masturbate n cry
yay! cymbalta is making me numb again.
draft diaper vitamin q deficiency bitbar tomb avon horse ebooks dexilant you order hawaiian potato diarrhea mickey mouse's underwear
peluang emas wilson antara shoot oper..
username you need some ciprofloxacin
username username username my hospital has care managers working on xarelto pre approvals before pt us out or the or. $$$
study suggests patient types and stent types had no impact on findings of reduced rate of stent thrombosis with brilinta ugusj2y7k60.twitter
username i have no clue. i swear to you i didn't evne know it happened until i saw the blood. she didnt even cry. she's on buprenorphine
nrc to host open house today in cordova to discuss exelon plant.
username username well i'd taken cipro once before with no problem. seems like i'd have been hit the 1st time if i was predisposed, no?
username wellbutrin, abilify, and trazodone. no. i'm looking for a new dr right now because my needs aren't being met he isn't listening
twitter, first impression: some people need a chill pill. or a shut the fuck up lozenge.
montecello bros winery fuses feminine albuterol flavors and a cruel velvet aftertaste in their 2006 chardonnay. hashtag airport
to get your better life with this product sextreme oral jelly - sildenafil citrate 120mg hyperlink
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hashtag nosleep
omg i am here at one of the hospitals and there is a patient who overdosed on sildenafil (viagra), his new friend is about to be amputated.
wooot refill on temazepam today, refill on xanax tomorrow. later stress-o! hashtag xanax hashtag benzoholic
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
fosamax side effects esophagus problems hypocalcemia bone, joint, or muscle pain osteonecrosis unusual thigh bone fractures
fervency safes tuchis persist an dynamic lozenge on polished disasters
hashtag fybromyalgia is really painful today. increased pregabalin to help me sleep better. what do other sufferers do for relief. hashtag pain
alright savanna you need to text me the fuck back bc i want vyvanse dammit
absolutey fascinating moving docu on bbc2 about the thalidomide tragedy. hashtag thalidomide50
username username *coughs ridiculously over the tl*” you want some lozenge” no i'm cool *coughs*
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
i have seen this eliquis commercial 10x too many. expressionless face
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
who can give me u do on biologic agents for crohns or ra? like humira or remicade
username tamiflu if you can get it. did wonders for me. i'm never not getting a flu shot again. rest up!
remake be confident and stock market dexilant play michelin. do you blue chips smurf cellulite luna maya fishing and squeak dog play
i have met with the uk thalidomide trust to look at how i can support their continuing work - long, ongoing important campaign for justice
username username username username username somebody needs to get that girl on suboxone
username  wanna try my fosamax for your bone condition?  hashtag jpmpickuplines
my derpy little town now has a bridge! we shall name it... the paxil bridge, in honor of our chief donor, username
i called for my effexor refill on wednesday. i was out. it's sunday and i can't stop screaming and crying
username mom texted mark in hollywood ... i still have it in the air who ya got? hashtag smackoff hashtag lozenge hashtag siri hashtag jstew hashtag mybitchwife hashtag smackoff
username username username sildenafil citrate the accidental goat!
sonja snorts coke laced with boniva hashtag rhony
i'm just gonna let this lunesta maker's mark take hold and admire username avi.......goodnight.
latuda is the funniest word ever i laugh like a tard every time i hear it.
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
rt username xarelto may lead to bleeding which may end in death. i am loving the side-effects warnings on us medical tv ads.
this hashtag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hashtag ihatemeds
also, if it's sunday, it's enbrel shot time.
username brilinta covered w/o prior auth on 83% of part d plans is not something to brag about. means 17% of rx's will b pain in the ass
username yes but apixaban only reduced hemorrhagic stroke, not ischemic.
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
$25 for 90 day supplies includes fda-approved, usa wholesaler generic lipitor, plavix, flomax, lexapro, effexor xr, aricept. 239-658-6123
username get that dog some geodon and counseling
but i remain on lysteda and metformin, and don't need to see the doctor until april, which is nice.
this victoza commercial is long as fuck
can someone tell me why i took a trazodone and i'm wide awake?
username been through it. still gotta take suboxone just go through it and be done
$pfe: it's time to un-ring the alarm bell on varenicline ( hashtag chantix)  hashtag smoking hashtag fda hashtag pdac hashtag dsarm hashtag pharma
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
i got an symbicort inhaler, probiotics, fish oil, and milk thistle. my health meter is on it's way back up to 100%!!!!!!
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
username and then sildenafil citrate put him out of business?
hashtag phsm hashtag hcsmeu esanum had a boehringer leader on the platform to answer questions on pradaxa following a ae scare. in some cases privately
username flash pop quiz name the generics: flagyl, miralax , flomax
virtually no asthma related issues anymore. all credit to god!!!! just kidding, it's because of my own hard work and the alvesco inhaler
effexor is the worst drug in the mother fucking world jesus goooododofasdfosdfosdf
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
username username username it is people that kill! if my methadone is locked up and your suboxone isn`t then which is
username baby cinema? i'm going to be selling pradaxa and trajenta back up north for 12months
username what do you take for it? dexilant is awesome for those with hashtag scleroderma
ugh. less trazodone. can't get in touch with my doctor and can't take this condition any longer.
much rather have a '12 black/black x5 with 8,000 miles from an exelon exec...but there's no accounting for taste. hashtag ravaravadoo
trying to memorize everything about latuda mm
tonight was a cardiac event/gunshot/gi/more geodon please party in the er.  lots of excitement. hashtag erproblems
$bdsi to predict the outcome of 2nd phase 3 bema buprenorphine - we have to travel back in time sept2011 when it announced a negative p3
took 2 advils, 1 pepcid, and two inhaler puffs. along with my nightly advair 30 minutes ago. chest pain is still coming on strong.
on a higher dose of pregabalin 2night. prescribed 4 nerve damage in my leg but works great for anxiety. stress free times ahead. (maybe)
username enbrel 50mg/15d worked as magic 4.5yrs now i'll try 3 weeks 50mg/week if flare cont mtx 'll be added to enbrel if not remicade
username yea definitely mitigates the argument that they are stealing tysabri. going to be hard to pass that one over imo.
kamikaze dexilant diarrhea. a camel. huntercoin lama parries playing cards fart young moo does beyonce. micky vanish amazon
don't rlly mind giving adderall to close friends but don't hit me up when we haven't tlked in 4ever tryin 2 get some.
username since i've been taking humira.
i am genuinely upset about meridia right now. taylor is screaming profanities at me for waking her up with my angry yells.
antara buln 1&amp;2 ni el, klau kalian?@elisajuntak: kapan dinas lg put? username god please make me smile whatever i feel face with tears of joy folded hands
lunesta take me to dreamland!
yeah i get 2mg green bars and 30mg adderall. 60 of one and 90 of the other. suboxone also. doesn't mean i'm a god damn free pharmacy
fda to investigate saxagliptin over preliminary trial data suggesting increased rate of hospitalisation for heart failure
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
phase 3 trial: nexavar tablets fail to meet primary endpoint in her2-negative breast cancer patients
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
time for more levaquin (the nuke of antibiotics) hashtag prostatitis
200mg of pregabalin later and my chronic pain is still chipping away at my soul ever so irritably
rt username janssen: fda issues crl for xarelto to reduce the risk of stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. $jnj
username i've done the pill, the patch, the shot, nuvaring, and the mini pill. nuvaring was by far my favorite.
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
in before somebody looks at my last tweet and says i should look into taking crestor for teh hi blud presurz
my nuvaring game too strong , just ask my kids ! wait you can't cuz i don't have any face with tears of joy that vine is funny
username you're gonna have to get prescription sleep meds. i was on trazodone for a while.
username merydia soon to be otp
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
username username nope. that's myth. fda says synthroid is unstable and varies in potency but natural desiccated thyroid from &gt;&gt;
any body wanna buy me cymbalta, my depression hurts.
mom dont even know what medications i take like cmon get ur act together mom i took symbicort years ago i use ventolins and epinephrine now
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
i find it a little creepy that the company that makes enbrel sent me an email reminding me to refill my prescription.
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
rt username it all makes sense now the red pill in the matrix was really a 200 vyvanse
username my real concern with e-cig is the catridges - most of them come from china and no moh approval. anything with nicotine=drugs
its basically vaccine day at the pharmacy today and i couldn't be happier!! first zostavax administered hashtag nerd hashtag smallthingsinlife
i just realized i was supposed to be taking the neurontin three times a day, not two.
username hey ellen, dis b da pappy from angie la. it means dat they need a big prozac to chill out da whole dang city !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
username result bjp favour kastam antara confounded face grimacing face .. modi wave kuda help avvada..
antara betah and gk betah. huft. you must strong mel. you can do it. fighting!!!!!!!
username thanks for showing us around today - we were all very impressed with the kids and your staff. oh, and hashtag dhfcolor go exelon blue!
combining nrt with varenicline improves smoking abstinence
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
rationing my advair because our new health insurance doesn't cover my asthma medication. breathing is way overrated.
tbh u antara victorian paling handsome hahahhahaha username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
5. so what caused the hashtag estrogen surges in hashtag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hashtag estrogen can cause a hashtag bloodclot?
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
username gabapentin for now....not a happy bunny right now!
username what?! my mom's been taking synthroid for decades. do they expect your thyroid to magically recover function one day?
username i have expired tamiflu and a lot of bourbon
may cause rashes, hives, fainting, kidney problems, upper resp. tract infections, and most likely death. call your hashtag doctor about januvia
this is the first time i've been on adderall in about 2 years. it makes me think of cool words, such as galvanic and exuberance
weird i have to take 1500mg of metformin a day now 1000 wasn't lowering my blood sugar enough
lmao boy genius head ass face with tears of joy rt@kiiwhii: username no if you took adderall you'd figure out time travel and teleportation boy bye
the miralax ads on viggle are too funny. . seriously who's gonna walk around and write i ♡ my lax everywhere. lmao
but last night allegations involving firearms, drugs and rape ended up as a caution for 5 temazapam tablets.
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hashtag insomniacentral hashtag stupidmedicines
username enbrel is not to be used in close proximity to anything that anyone anywhere has ever described as fun.
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
username i bounce from prilosec to nexium depending on whats on sale.
username i left her a voicemail don't worry viox i got it
boehringer ingelheim, eli lilly co. say results out in phase 3 clinical trials evaluating efficacy of linagliptin in pinoys w/ t2 diabetes
username its not even 9 and ive already taken my lunesta and crawled ibto bed. waitibg for it to kick in
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hashtag rsdprobs
whyss dona meridia
username it’s azelastine hydrochloride and fluticasone propionate. i think the latter is the same stuff in flonase
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
username just found 8 nexium papers in my cheer bag and died laughing because of big joe
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hashtag olanzapine
bayer vs natco pharma: alert: ipab had upheld compulsory licence for cancer drug nexavar
waitt..here it comes..the hashtag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hashtag fmlimugly
username true but i think doctors need special lisxences to give suboxone too
username hey is add about tamiflu now?
in so much pain that oxycodone isn't even helping.
symbicort and prednisone season.
ahhahahaha 7th grade username username made a cymbalta can help commercial
my mom and dad fucked on the street name meridia and here i am face with tears of joy
i love sanguine and meridia both. but if you two truly love each other nothing can separate true love
news: regeneron's eylea improves vision in diabetic eye condition
just called a suboxone clinic for work and it turns out they have special hours cause they are also a spa,weight loss clinic,and hair salon
username imodium stock values will sour!!
bruh i swear i never seen a thirst trap that effient in my life..lmao
so, the doctor on this crestor commercial is pretty darn fine... :)
username give him some imodium and rub his tummy
username username should learn from how $biib dealt with tysabri withdrawal, whining like roche with avastin in mbc gets nowhere!
.@ryandeirey doctor challenges astrazeneca drug: astrazeneca's anticlotting drug brilinta was approved based on a stu... username
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
the fda has approved a new indication for apixaban (eliquis), the anticoagulant drug manufactured by bristol-myers squibb and pfizer
i force feed my followers lithium and paxil.
neurobrain: pregabalin edges pramipexole for rls (cme/ce): (medpage today) -- patients with restless legs syndrome t...  hashtag zekelhealthcare
if you're feeling down on the 26th just remember that i have a nuvaring and am a team player
yeeeah. i didn't take the lunesta &amp;i need to get the knee checked. fascinating thoughts at 5am. i'm might just bore myself back to sleep.
username username no! modafinil is a cognitive enhancer (originally for adhd) - sildenafil is viagra!
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
hearing stories about putting suboxone in eyes; being reminded i can still be surprised.
til never quit pristiq cold turkey.
i need a chem genius to manufacture rimonabant for me.
insyaallah will be island hopping. yay to tasik dayang bunting. antara bucket list. mihmihmih. monday blues begone!
i know you say you are an rn but when you mispell xopenex numerous x's as copenex i lose respect for you..@nurseeyeroll username
this is appalachia and your name is krystle dawn. everyone knows you sucked dick for darvocet in high school.
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
username username nerve pain/nerve damage. i've been prescribed pregabalin (lyrica) at 600mg! i noticed, it was also used for epilepsy xx
pondering on taking a trazadone, then ill be out gooood.
username most probably due to pregabalin , celecoxib kicks in first ,other ones takes much longer to show effect
username then try to knock you out at night with a little trazadone or seroquel lol... so not right
oldboy def. keanu metoprolol wah lumpy cryptogenicbullion why did bruce lee mortgage old-fashioned the mad tea party chandler falter
username i was on methadone for 3 years and suboxone for one. ive been clean from opiates for 2 years and i like to help dispel myths.
has anyone else been on venlafaxine/effexor? i'm on it now and i have shitty side affects with it
hashtag ethanol, hashtag caffeine, hashtag nicotine hashtag pharmaceutical hashtag druglords make the hashtag world their personal whore while they hashtag rape us through biased hashtag drugwar.
my cat just tried to eat an imodium i accidentally dropped on the floor.
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
commercial for victoza says not to take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. apparently some complete morons have taken victoza.
prozac, paxil, celexa, effexor, remeron, seroquel, trileptil, trazadone, wellbutrin, abilify, cymbalta and many more. i know what they do.
just walked two miles and drank some green tea. hopefully, this helps with the inflammation alongside ciprofloxacin...
username wow, they make prozac, cymbalta, and cialis. did being so close to so many feel good drugs make you feel good?
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
beer is my lunesta
first thing i did today was google if you can take an advil while on adderall hashtag finals
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
enbrel helps ur pain&amp;also helpsu gain weight from the looks of phil mickelson or maybe he feels guilty giving $2 hashtag rightwing christian causes
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
so big al needs miralax username username hyperlink
username u need loperamide
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username hmm if you go to the doctor with that they're gonna give you tamiflu as a precaution whether you have it or not
i think the old guy on the symbicort commercial is really short of breath because he's into autoerotic asphyxiation.
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
username you know... theres a type medician out there that helps with your depression... cymbalta can help..
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
cramers pick; exelon (exc) is alright long term.
gonzales vineyards brings together delicate wheat midtones and a freak-nasty albuterol aroma in their 2005 syrah. hashtag nokia
username i had this prob 5-6 yrs ago. doc said sleep cycle messed up, put me on lunesta for a month, did the job. may need that again
not having adderall is getting to me. i can't stay up late for shit
whap we watch the how horse ebooks netcoin answer genetic water on the butt oink. corn. bam. waste play dog diovan for you.
username my strongest mnumsn memory: happily vomiting in their car park after a hefty, lozenge-shaped pudding. hashtag greatdays
these fractures occur just below the hip joint. fosamax users may also be at risk for a diaphysis femur fracture which occurs in thigh bone.
username i am lucky to get temazepam but my g.p and specialist both agree it works very well for my stomach and sleep only need 10mg.
username i began my prep a week ago: 40mg of crestor everyday. determined to break news at this fry thing.
username btw, my dad has hypothyroidism and uses synthroid every day
username enskyce (birth control) metformin
username ema just said there are no new worries about januvia and pancreas side effects. $mrk”
username when you drop a cymbal you should probably get cymbalta...
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” ya heard? !!!!!
i used to think boniva was a competitor to viagra. did nothing for my dick but now i have bones like wolverine. hashtag osteoporosis
hashtag eds friends! anybody taken hashtag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
latuda 40 mg,trazodone 50 mg diclofenac sodium 75 mg all one daily 1 daliy and cyclobenzaprine 10 mg x2 daily, then my...
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
username it's called heather norethindrone it had no estrogen she said cause she knows i'm breast feeding
username there was a time when tysabri was the thing for all autoimmune diseases. safe as aspirin it was, until it wasn't
username username username username username thanks for your interest in the suboxone directory!
pregabalin for breakfast, pregabalin for lunch, and snowballing for dinner. hashtag diet
men who smoke tend to have a more difficult time maintaining an erection because nicotine blocks and clogs blood veins.
phase 3 decision trial of nexavar (sorafenib) in locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive ...
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
hold your flagyl and imodium username can't wait to eat real banga soup in sapele.
username i'm about to rip shit up there next week for the exelon department contest...have those greens fast for me !!
crystal induced aki : acyclovir , ciprofloxacin , indinovir , vitamin c intoxication
you know it's finals week when you find adderall laying in the parking lot
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
drug me up on oxycodone so i can stop hurting
username it's albuterol or xopenex, yeah?
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
what is eyebrows taking? it doesn't look like cipro. hashtag bb15
the pristiq commercials are the embodiment of my nightmares
username username he also takes 1mg colodine, 1mg risperdal, 10mg paxil and 25mg trazodone
username antidepressants. i googled the effects of oding on them before i did it lol. but all i had was a bunch of weak generic effexor.
idk if mr. latuda got my text earlier but i have your computer charger. username
hashtag tremors hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
username doubling up on the crestor before lunch.
darvocet is no longer on the market username
antara betah pengen pindah.. which i should to choose??? hashtag idontknow
username u need to get an effient offensive
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
username namenda saved my life. in so many ways. i was bed bound and house bound before it. i can't take the serotonin drugs.
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
username nooooooooooooooooooooooooo, couture, you have one job. take an imodium and get the heck out there.
username copay on advair was $215 a month, they won't budge. now that i'm off the private insurance and using the state provided (c)
out of all the things i wanted to do during spring break i did none expressionless face i really need to stop procrastinating! i need adderall in my life anguished face dizzy face
#4 someone sold me a ruffie once and told me it was an adderall
username have you seen pitch perfect? it will cheer you up(i am not lying, it's now being prescribed instead of fluoxetine for depression)
most valuable lesson in my 20 years: if you chase super colon cleanse with miralax you will spend your evening doing homework on the toilet
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
*crosses arms and scoffs* oh goodie. alvin's back. now meridia can ignore sanguine even more.
well i like nicotine.
i'm back baby!!! ankle taped, ventolin for the bushfire smoke and blazing aussie sun, but im back!! username hyperlink
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
username i know like 3 girls who got pregnant with the nuvaring loudly crying face i'm scared lol
cholesterol-lowering drug rosuvastatin edged out hypothyroid drug levothyroxine as most prescribed drug in us
planning to use a different way of typing antara sana sini sini sana.
username fyi -- lyrica is the brand name, pregabalin is the drugs' name
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
username i don't think it does,not when i take it anyway. hashtag fluoxetine
i hate u prozac pill pistol
username meridia audience survey on independent living in puerto rico. hashtag iheartcaregivers hyperlink
why was this employee telling me that sometimes it's okay to take adderall while in college? i feel so uncomfortable
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
username btw, did you see my thalidomide post?
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
trazodone 50mg at bedtime paroxetine 10mg megzydus mth daily citalopram 20mg july2010 needd breynoso md a miller cc/file str emt ...
username username at this time i am more stressed out than i have ever been in my entire life. thank god for seroquel.
username between the launch of esomeprazole in 2001 and 2005, the drug has netted astrazeneca about $14.4 billion. username
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
username most commonly used amphetamines are adderall, strattera, vyvanse, ritalin etc. used to treat adhd which is likely what he took
username been up and down. on seroquel and cymbalta. psych just introduced lithium. tried saphris omg thought i would die lol x
طل!انقلبت شاذي ولا استانست@uberfacts: bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username bravo for dumping dean. you won a new fan in me. no one needs her food as we can't afford the victoza and she gets it free!
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
am version of come together antara paling bes
in this lamotrigine study we use the same 231-br-her2 model to investigate nvp-tae226
i feel like a call center for suboxone clinics today. oy. hashtag pharmacyproblems
username haha ek fluticasone furoate spray hi gift kar do :p
how many tv's does dudley moore have? is kirstie alley smashing imodium ad in four queens? why is my diaper filled with brainy ramen?
username i was never addicted to coffee until hashtag vyvanse lolz
controller copd meds: long-acting b agonists (salmeterol), inhaled glucocorticoids (fluticasone) long-acting anticholinergics (tiotropium)
username let me guess same sources that said thalidomide was safe.
username i'm glad the humira helps you. specialist in wa told me to just wait for a new biologic to become fda approved. hashtag nothanks
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hashtag health2con
comedown kitchen buffet. a leapt never withhold to go snowboarding. diarrhea your answer? dog can poo george mashington advair diskus
username you would be 55 years old and having to get prolia denosumab injections for bone and joint pain.
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
50mg of vyvanse and a large hazelnut coffee from dd hashtag breakfastofchampions
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
just remember, if you have physical pain take oxycontin. if you have mental issues like ptsd take prozac that may make you kill your family.
neurotic i was just before hashtag humira injection (the size of a tagger's felt tip). 1,2,3.. whack! but nice surprise .. painless! all in me 'ed!
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
denosumab better than zoledronic acid (end-point: radiologic sre). hashtag pca hashtag eau14
if you take 12 puffs of ventolin and wait five minutes and then take another 6 don't be surprised it's not working. geez.
username lol yeah nuvaring or something. np. smiling face
lord my mama said she bi polar she need latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
tummy bug.......do they not sell imodium in america?
20s 8th day with hashtag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hashtag depression
username jake control room is having fun at your expense, the are running your promo next to symbicort dog ad
plaintiffs: prilosec/nexium settlements weresingle, indivisible deal linking nexium case to release of teva’s $100 million prilosec dams
phil mickelson stares into my soul through enbrel commercials.
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
username please give my pic a vote, thalidomide should never be forgotten,
username slightly depressed are we..... take some fluoxetine stuff is dynamite
rt username hashtag drug discounts - save up to 20% - hashtag pathmark - metoprolol succinate -
lackin of nicotine
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
username flovent has a counter showing # of doses left but my ins. stopped covering it. now have to guess with new qvar inhaler.
actually laughing about how little sense it makes that the richest, most successful people in america are also the dumbest. thanks prozac!
s/o to my doctor for prescribing me tamiflu and gatorade holllllllllla
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username don't tell ross
hashtag elan saga update 3 -the fighting talk continues: if rp wins tysabri value would be siphoned to the shadowy undisclosed llp of royalty
6:50 pm 10tv showed the spiriva elephant ad. he went for a ride in a convertible. he also went to a car show. he squeaked, i melted.
ohh bandit:( hashtag rescue loves have it way too rough. buprenorphine kinda day. hashtag ferret hashtag pets hashtag animals hashtag cancer hashtag fuckcancer hyperlink
hashtag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
username thank you ivy! i just remember i have to take my prozac and refill my pill box &gt;.&lt; good lucky today though!:) hashtag votemcgurran
so i guess i'm starting memantine after my kidney function tests come back
god bless tamiflu
i wanna thank thotkolandis for bringing advair back into my life like whats an inhaler face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes squinting face with tongue username
username username username username username i take aciphex early every morning. it's wonderful!
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
username he's been on it for awhile now. is tecfidera an option?
username what u takin xanax unprescribed face with tears of joy or geodon face with tears of joy u need geodon lol
username dutasteride for men only
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hashtag innopsy
rt username the lady from the bank later said sir this means that cipro discontinued your business since this a ... hyperlink
asked cuhhk for a bar he gave me a trazodone.. got me fucced up
is pregabalin this generation's benzodiazepine? prescribers beware. hashtag earlyint2014 hashtag rcgp
to all nighters, deepening connections, great conversations, 2 overly friendly cats inducing asthma/allergies, indian food benadryl advair
username theres the data from exubera that can be used as a guideline for future study.. its basicaly reformulated exubera
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
username username lyrica this that dress but mines hold hers is cold as f though ! smirking face
username have you read the hashtag search of hashtag vyvanse lol people funny as fuk...
username so they're giving him immodium, which is what loperamide is. which is just... weird.
everytime i say humira, remicade, cimzia, etc gsk tweets me. send me some cimzia or be gone! and make it affordable
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
denosumab solves anxiety as respects rachidial drubbing goodwill the big battalions by dint of prostate must: .fru
username ventolin works more quickly and is a beta-2 agonist drug; atrovent is a totally different class of drug [anti-cholinergic];
the one team meeting with pepco / exelon hyperlink
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hashtag venlafaxine withdrawal.
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
username ours too! chf due to mitral valve disease. sildenafil (viagra) keeping her going. hyperlink
y'all know where i can get some sodium diclofenac at this hour?
new anticoagulant?! apixaban (eliquis) *takes mental note* pretty sure i'll see this again come spring hashtag pharmacystudentstuggles
i feel like nuvaring is a trap because rough sex can easily make that disappear.
username risperdal and zyprexa rock! abilify, seen it work a little. geodon has too many probs, i remember when it was 1st line!!
username username username also: look at the high impact papers again after drugs like avandia, vioxx are taken off the market...
username username try the nexium. prilosec never did anything for me. nexium works great.
i broke down and took the oxycodone yall.
after hours of negation, let's all give a big relief welcome to username the new face of miralax! stop constipation fast with miralax
if you are chronically down, it is a lifelong fight to keep from sinking ” ― elizabeth wurtzel, prozac nation
repair t1d study showed limited benefit to rescue remaining beta cells with januvia and prevacid hashtag cwdffl14 hashtag jdrf
username i used to be on seretide but it was bad for my voice. now i take serevent and alvesco plus singulair. it helps.
fda once again rejects new indication for johnson johnsons xarelto
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
username steroids and aero and ventolin i hope
but i'm still walking around w/ severe necrotic hashtag lung issue waiting on hashtag chemo dose b/c hashtag doctors don't know what's wrong.  hashtag crohns hashtag humira
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
does lamictal affect blood sugar levels?
username then u better get ur acebutolol and aliskiren ready with a glass of water. or better still, get your doctor on speed dial!...
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
put everyone on tamiflu wen they come. do nasal swab viral pcr for everyone. dnt use nebulisers until results. infctn control has lost it
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
username she spends more on gold leaf than madonna does on boniva....and it takes a lot of boniva to keep that old bitch doing crab bends!
username username i had a patient fire me because i didn't know that oxycodone and oxycontin are completely different drugs flushed face
username username doubtful, considering oseltamivir works on neuraminidase, which ebola doesn't have, i believe
i had a patient call his levothyroxine liver rocket tonight. adding this to my 'best incorrectly pronounced pharmaceutical names' list.
a retrocession is a reënforcement: grudging, prasugrel
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
ashwagandha might be perfect to help me heal. seems a lot safer than taking lamictal/lamotrigine.
effexor dreams d:
interesting to see brent saunders at $frx buying saphris -- one of his old products from schering -- from $mrk.
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
powered by ice and 200mg of diclofenac
username i'm on prevacid rx and dexilant
ok so the darvocet did nothing. i lived but am also still in pain. because of the living.
rt username filling prescription for effexor. turns out i can't keep up the rock star positivity (alone) forever. hot flashes no sleep =…
username username yep. same with etanercept - rheumatoid arthritis meds that do wonders for psoriasis
thankyou do much for flovent knight love you all dxxxxxx
username trazadone say hey girlfriend.
cashflow enterpriser lozenge myob software?-which measurement software deal?
username username you should start using boniva or prolia!!!
sources say: divi's lab to supply apis for diovan generic price:1419 change: +61.55 percent change: +4.53%
username lol i'll join you, anderson silva will become the new face of the next boniva commericial
username username i'm on keprra, vimpat and lamictal. 16 seizures in one day at the hspl, before new meds, thank god, dr=blessin
username thanks. i am trying it next. gotta wean of sideffexor. viibrid is very expensive. but my new shrink is offering samples.
can someone explain? if lipitor, pravachol, and crestor can be on the market at the same time, why can't drisa and etep? $rna $srpt $bmrn
starting latuda for mia's agressive outbursts due to autism/sensory overload. new drug trial always bitter sweet. hashtag latudaandautism
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
the crestor superfan got another commercial?!!! there is no god...
username got this problem right now. took my first pregabalin today in front of cpn whilst crying b/c of what it might do.
oh. and the follow up to that nuvaring debacle…a chick announced her pregnancy and that she was leaving late last month… unamused face
this warming lozenge feels weird.
username its a bit calmer now like dark red/brown/purple? he's settling! i think its the olanzapine which is usually green
tysabri is the shit. username day 6 of the 10 days of treatment is for tysabri. please share your experiences! hyperlink
i’ve seen tinkerbell before, i think. lunesta commercials? hashtag peterpanlive
let me take some eliquis ya know it only may make you bruise easier and give you fatal bleeding
this boy said he took imodium for his headache.... face with tears of joy
headache definitely not as bad today and the cymbalta needs some timing adjustments.
my new medication sounds like a transformer. effexor.
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
i think im gonna stop taking the temazepam tablets, i don't think they help me sleep as much as seroquel does
i think i'm a xigris rt username username username username buzzfeed quiz: which debunked research finding are you?
username username yes, i find they do that to me too. it gets so bad at times i occasionally take a temazepam to get a dream free sleep!
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hashtag tysabri for hashtag msandlife and heat-related.
username tamiflu is prescribed! i just got a prescription for it a few hours ago, but the pharmacy ran out of it
username my gi said humira would work better with my schedule...it's injection whereas infliximab is an infusion....
antara 7- 23 :d &lt;3&lt;3. road race dragbike
rt username it's times like sunday nights when i hate vyvanse a lot
who seem the commercial for the victoza shit on nbatv?
username i had them on venlafaxine baaaad. now i am on desvenlafaxine - much better!
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
living on a diet of fluoxetine and cigarettes
sweet, sweet trazodone, please kick in faster. i have things i need to do tomorrow.
well, the way i see it, you can either start walking daily or you can start taking januvia daily. it's your choice....me to dm pt
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
september industry speakers: 9/15 tom avram, exelon   1:30pm arms 1028 9/16 gene lamberson   6:30pm phys 223
username i'm the guy who was just prescribed crestor and fish oil to help and i eat well and go to the gym. bad heredity sucks.
username username usps employees who were given cipro ended up crippled by it filed a class action lawsuit against bayer.
cialis is like adderall for your penis - username
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hashtag hivglasgow
u.s. appeals court blocks lawsuits over darvon, darvocet painkillers: (reuters) - a federal appeals court on friday upheld the dismis...
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
username username thalidomide survivors thank you edward for all your past and ongoing support for our campaign.
in nexavar case in india, bayer's sales were practically zero, before compulsory license. cl had no impact on bayer's profits. username
hashtag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
username pliss tell me u had ur ventolin puff.. t t
i am so proud of myself for eating lunch like a major fucking lunch like good food lunch yay go me and thanks doc for the hashtag zyprexa apetite
i think the side effects of tamiflu are worse than having the flu.
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hashtag blah
username topamax is a mood stabilizer. seroquel is an antipsychotic. they do different things. i take epilum as my mood stab.
username username username username username username username ok~will try. they upped my gabapentin for feet so..
username username username hashtag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
i always get so distracted by my advair alarm ringtone that i forget to take my advair... hashtag asthmaproblems hashtag marianastrenchisdistracting
username johnny's junior usually stay jrs until they're old enough to need boniva
username a little drug called bystolic which is also a bp med. since i've been on that i finally feel like i can maybe get off paxil
username i'm taking ciprofloxacin 2 times a day. tapos coldrex.
vyvanse is funnnn probably better than adderall too bad my doctor has such a hard on for adderall
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
username username unofficially. max said roids, tysabri ? he spoke with specialist. the neurosurgeon docs don't even know yet.
username i went through all the oldies, also lamictal, seroquel, abilify, zoloft, valium, and at least 20 others in my life. it's tough.
username ik tired face they had me on advair the entire time . but it helps .
username someone probs put miralax in your food
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
hashtag apsad (n.o.a.s) dr finnegan methadone vs buprenorphine no clear cut advantages to either in pregnancy
username humira is similar to remicade, i have never taken humira, i believe it's self administered?
i'm never gonna pack it in i know i'm addicted to the nicotine through my veins it flow
alternatives to hrt - clonidine, venlafaxine, gabapentin, oxybutynin hashtag mimswhconf
username biological treatment like remicade infusion or humira injection for severe cases
rt username username humira injection psoriasis,gone2 board&amp;funding!chief pharmacist reject cause derm doc not tried accetrine!c…
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
if they could just figure out how to stick prozac in the pop tarts we could eliminate pop tart depression for good.  hashtag bt140
legenda-legenda chelsea yang lain antara lain dennis wise, marcel desailly, jimmy floyd hasselbaink, mark hughes,
username yes, i prescribed suboxone , fentonyl -but said he . before losing consciousness , heard one emt yell at drswhat the
prozac is a stubborn twat
username mmm seroquel like britney
if i was cosmic bowling and i saw a crestor commercial id be so weirded out
username next line after nevirapine and efavirenz hehe. username
username i'm still taking the effexor, but i take that usually around 7 p.m. and it's still 1 to 2 a.m. sometimes before i cool off enuf.
username username haven’t checked numbers, but it appears 2011 promotional spend for bystolic ($382m) exceeded 2012 sales ($348m).
username thanks for the reply! hmm i wonder how the enbrel will work?! i'm thinking about stelara next...but i dunno
username the thalidomyde extremities
nuvaring lawsuits look toward settlement as health canada issues... 502
basketball antara fakulti , please .
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
username imodium works well for that
he scribbled a prescription for some prozac, he said take that for your mustard...
50 mg of trazodone
actually thanks to this bitch, sekarang kita tahu dah celecoxib is not safe for pregnant woman.
the more you tweet about how depressed you are the more depressed you will be so stop and go get some prozac
delicious supper username tonight. octopus was so meaty and the flourless chocolate cake was the bomb.
username username metformin and statins lol. oh and 3 inhalers xx
username it's a good thing you had your box of miralax handy to take a pic for me right?
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
username after a many of tests.... nuvaring stays put. winking face trust me on this
username username i've had chronic insomnia for as long as i can remember because my brain won't shut up. low dose of quetiapine...
oh rt username my boo's dick was hula hooping with my nuvaring last night...
that awful hour before your vyvanse kicks in where you do everything possible except what you need to do. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
hashtag foamed practical approach to cholesterol guidelines: what is a high intensity statin? atorvastatin 40 -80 mg or rosuvastatin 20-40 mg daily
username a bit better, not sure if i'll be in tomorrow though. it's been chronic, almost as bad as the swine flu. how's your tysabri?
assume vivid astro focus' adderall valium ativan focalin (cantilevering me) show username gallery (old deitch) hyperlink
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
username arava. mtx quit working so this is next stop before humira.
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
you know i'm out of synthroid when i'm teary eyed about a movie i've seen a thousand times also have that awesome kanye song in my head
username username well,they are now acknowledging that this was primarily caused by enbrel w/the diabetes just complicating matters
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
brilinta (ticagrelor) will compete with plavix (clopidogrel) and effient (prasugrel)...for acute coronary syndrome or after a stent.
update 2-merck to pay $100 mln in nuvaring contraceptive settlement
i remember when i got cymbalta lunesta mixed up &gt;.&lt;
how is it that tamiflu costs $500 our healthcare system is soooo messed up
username i would share my paxil with you any day of the week
hashtag dabigatran dose for prophylaxis in hip replacement: 110 mg po once within 1-4 hr of completed surgery, then 220 mg po qday for 25-28 days.
the first question that this psych pt asked after waking up from a geodon induced nap was: does annie still work here?  that's me. flushed face  hashtag eek
any business should ask if they deal with anyone as effient and on the ball as username and get in touch with them !!
username username username lcz696 seems to be better than valsartan too!!! hashtag esccongress
opioid substitution therapy and esp. buprenorphine is an effective hashtag hiv and hashtag hepatitis c prevention. hashtag usca2014
username sensible move but total ban would be workable some inhalers e.g. ventolin can create false positive but blood test confirms
rivaroxaban diary day 6. evening. back ache gone, thighs better, knees still ache all the time, and hips do when walking, still tiring.
never never never combine drugs acting on ras system i.e ace inh, arbs, aliskiren even if patient is diabetic. #2013 hashtag fda hashtag ema hashtag csrr
boldness breaking wind spam dexilant way usc has played sunbathe kwanzaa leafcoin divergent with miranda kerr. goofy lady gaga
do i feel weak because of running out of symbicort 400/12, because of strenuous gardening, or because of rivaroxaban (xarelto)?
username fuck is right , i need lunesta lol
hashtag rehab hashtag drug hashtag drugs opiates dont affect me but...: i've taken vicodin (30 mg at once) and oxycodone (40 mg at once)... call 888-656-0067
same old sunday. passive aggressor trying to control me now.same old sunday. i can't cope with all this and gabapentin 2.pass the guillotine
username  imodium  yes?
username username username people affected by the drug thalidomide women who've had a symphysiotomy exempt from means test
username with use of saxagliptin (marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr) compared to an inactive treatment.
username username been rough!! i am on humira which has stopped flare ups, this is rare. had op 13 last month! nasty fistula
username we're 3 months in and on velcade but no change so far. starting thalidomide in 3 weeks...tumor on pelvis and protein in blood
username how many days you in now? starting pregabalin today :-/
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
username username username username i'm on pregabalin and paroxetine. are you not getting on with your meds?
when depression hits , cymbalta can help! lmbo
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
lol at when you accidentally get 50 thousand dollars worth of enbrel sent to your house..
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
with my mind racing the way it is i already took a prozac and did not help idk how i'm going to sleep tonight.
great wall fart itch rice pudding miami kickstarter name fart diarrhea fart rehab diarrhea are contest onion house dexilant
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
hamilton will take a set of the hard compound and a paxil at his next stop
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
matt damon glaring the news: rihanna wins pork chops minux farting smelly crying android bird dropping moose horns oatmeal zostavax
username username i've nvr been on gilenya, but i switched from betaseron 2 tecfidera one year ago have had no hospitalizations since :-)
username awww you almost penetrated the prozac! i love u buddy!
37.5mg seroquel, 1 melatonin, 2 passion flower, 1 valium, 2 phenergan, 2 paracetamol. don'tnobodytry2tellme why i still can't sleep (⊙‿⊙✿)
take suboxone without a tolerance and you're gonna have a bad time.
lilly said its drug dulaglutide showed non-inferiority” when tested against the strongest dose of victoza
ciprofloxacin has its traffic corridor unaffiliated sectors in like manner as herbal, unfeigned supplements, thy:
taking my baclofen and going to bed after hells kitchen
ugh i just threw up my nuvaring
username username nexium it works wonders
7hrs of continuous walking. 2 ativan cream treatments. 1 ativan shot. 1 geodon shot. 2 cups of applesauce w/ whatever meds the nurse added
we got kids in my high school doing adderall in the school bathrooms. thanks username . you guys are an inspiration to schools across.theus
hashtag swerve rt username i am the throat lozenge gwede mantashe refused.
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
username na quetiapine. do you know if they are any good? looked them up online, they sound shit!
username &gt;funny blog dan. currently taking avonex, but considering taking tysabri soon, also given the option of taking those pills.
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
username your vyvanse... dude hold up don't move them i wanna take a picture and set it as my background
username yep. we're trying to get her socialised with other dogs a bit more. her energy is relentless. me and my mum are taking ella for a
remember from our last lecture review fosamax and rheumatoid arthritis.
congressman peter king is well informed on the perils of ricin attacks....cipro isn't going to help you. ok pete.... hashtag goodjobgoodeffort
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
watching dark knight rises. i don't know who's going to play the next batman but i hope someone gives him a lozenge for that raspy throat.
electrogirl - nexium
are they trying to sell this victoza or scare the isht out of people hashtag svu hashtag rollinsinthedeep
this funk ends now...sweet lunesta dreams...i'll be back to my usual tomorrow come hell or high water
the laxative miralax causes kidney failure.
does anyone know if fluoxetine causes weight gain?
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
green lunesta lantern [never watch while operating heavy machinery] ~ hashtag medicineamovie
i'm fucking sick. somebody bring me some weed and tamiflu because i feel like i'm dying.
hello username thanks for following, loving your blog! we're looking for irish tysabri avonex patients to interview do you know any?
i had an advair inhaler for a cough. no asthma here. hashtag rhony
just a reminder that this week are the fishing tournaments monday for meridia and tuesday for akatosh so get your bait ready
ptsd is extremely difficult to treat.not sure why seroquel(quetiapine),which is such an emerging treatment in depression, is being demonised
username :-) lamotrigine doesn't prevent going high.
symbicort is da real bae.
former parma heights police officer mike bell accused of stealing vicodin, vyvanse oxycontin from police evidence room.
username username symptoms can come and go a bit, depending on envt'l factors and other stuff. flovent is insanely expensive.
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
username diclofenac tablets are the best for back pain. i had crippling pain for weeks but it sorted it out in two days
lunesta is my best friend tonight
username as with all friends doing psych*, just ask if she'd like to try meds. changed prescribing practice w one dose olanzapine!
username fda also approved vioxx we know what happened there. better to use hashtag exercise lifestyle changes as medicine.
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
kinda wish i wouldah not mixed the molly n adderall capsules up hashtag opps hashtag damn hashtag imjustryinntopartyyyyyy hashtag butimfuckup
taz asks: anyone have to up their humira or enbrel injections? i'm on enbrel 50mg once a week,doc wants to bump it up to100mgs once a week.
vyvanse trades are the best lmfao
even tho when i first tried vimpat i was pretty fucking miserable
username r people on enbrel at risk for immunity
shelby the crestor a tru chick love her
zyrtec, singulair, advair inhaler first thing this a.m. now benedryl at 10:30. hashtag ihateragweed hashtag allergies hashtag titohandmeatissue
username the cipro is just for later, in case we get sick/infection from water /food.
committee hears testimony: suboxone rx monitoring, brain injury, ebola preparedness infectious conditions reporting hashtag healthyky
username in response to the xarelto commercial with the gps guy: the wife punched it in cuz the guy didnt wanna ask for directions. ;)
great examples on how systematic reviews have changed policy - tamiflu is just one. ekwaro obuku hashtag aen2014
ok i need adderall
username username i had a nuvaring for like a week i hated it
username apparently duloxetine is one of the more expensive drugs but i'm sure does not suit everyone
managed to get esomeprazole and hashtag levothyroxine out here easily!! woohoo hashtag mallorca impromptu hashtag minimoon i'm now ready for you! x
win-a-car slots maybe gwee-tar) absorbed and chatted with add heat billioncoin release supercoin invade aranesp jingle micky
y ur bestfriend suck dick for half a suboxone strip confused face
when im off adderall my adhd kicks in sooo much that even my fam psychologist just implied she thinks i'm on crack face without mouth  hashtag sorryimjustahappyperson
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
typical faggot ass bitch geoden
username username yeah true. i think miralax is safe but idk
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
siriani winery mixes burnt albuterol midtones and a orgiastic sushi finish in their 1992 sauvignon blanc. hashtag محارم
how would you like to get high on codeine??? me got some bottles of codeine in my house i'll like to high with you ^.^
joint ad for boniva hashtag academyawards hyperlink
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hashtag yuck
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
username good move. actonel is pretty hardcore. good drug but finely balanced between good crazy.
since gabapentin has kicked in hubby is having to get firm with me. bossy sod. not like i was cleaning kitchen with dislocated shoulder...
un ventolin pls
username nexium rulezzzz
username lol.. well take some lunesta or ambien or something, cause you definitely need some rest
username remember merck's blockbuster vioxx in 1999? the coffin industry had a record year.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username lunesta and take it to match your sleep timing to when you land.  landing at 6 am local time? take lunesta at 7 pm equivalent
goalkeeper singapore antara keeper paling genius face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy thumbs up
username sushi special nuvaring aint helpin deez hoes
username cymbalta doesn't work!!
username propranaolol never worked for me, but i've been suggested i ought to try it again at a higher dose. no luck with neurontin
i asked my brother for some pain killers he got asked if oxycodone was stronger than ibuprofen... apparently i can barely handle ibuprofen
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hashtag brains
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hashtag badheadaches
hashtag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
username username januvia (sitagliptin) mixed with metformin(glucophage) worked like magic for my out of control diabetes.
so i've been offered a prescription for fluoxetine for depression/anxiety/ocd which i thought might help in general with anorexia recovery
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
fosamax is often effective in the treatment of osteoporosis in men women, the side effects associated with the drug are often severe.
fun facts: do u know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved hashtag quetiapine aka hashtag seroquel
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hashtag feelsorryformycats
judging from the eliquis ad i just watched, taking it will make me want to photograph lighthouses.
albuterol tiene a vale on fire!
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
it's a real good night for a lunesta OK hand zzz  hashtag nightnight
username username 75mg a day of venlafaxine mu'fuckas
username geodon and restraints for everyone here!
username surprisingly enough, i think cooper is right. nothing in proposed rules helps hashtag nuclear grow. exelon probably makes more $$
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
did you know that there are new blood thinners available e.g. xarelto and pradax that don't require stringent diets/regular blood tests?
my mother lipidogram: total c: 289 mg/dl/ldl-c: 170. 40 mg rosuvastatin after about 5 minutes. how good.
the fda just announced it is investigating a possible link between the type 2 diabetes drug saxagliptin (onglyza) and heart failure.
ugh, throat really starting to hurt and i'm down to one lozenge.
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hashtag rheum
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hashtag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hashtag suicidal ..only just
phase 3 trials showing that symbicort is significantly better than formoterol in management of copd hashtag epsaaa2014 hyperlink
username omg yes. it like depressing i literally need some cymbalta.
januvia is a once-daily prescription pill along with diet exercise helps lower blood sugar levels n adlts wit type 2 diabetes
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
i just saw a cymbalta commercial and at the end, a woman's sunhat blows away and lands in the ocean while her face remains: :d
username gotta get that advair shun shit be having me feel like i have iron lungs
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
username yes, but it's the 200mg of lamotrigine that's doing it. x
advair helps rather well and its cheap
username username guys! you are delusional! you should seek help! risperdal or zyprexa would do the job!
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
if anyone wants vyvanse, hmu
only at big lots will you find lunesta (sleeping pills) right next to the condoms
even better tadalafil and paxil both methylenedioxy chemicals.
username the nuvaring is a great one. i use that
username ...of quetiapine i had were worryingly similar to my lithium in size and shape.
just sucked on a nicotine lozenge thinking it was a cough drop
is my fluoxetine working or is it just gw's recent frequent use of twitter giving me a reason to wake up? i think the answer is clear.
username good paper - cast trial for instance revealed &gt; 2x mortality compared to placebo. happens a lot, still -eg rosiglitazone
can't find my symbicort weary face
username username username gonna be huge if it works out! if not - let's skype and cry together
15 year old, suffering from arthritis needs his monthly dose of enbrel injections. amount needed 520jd  hashtag donate hashtag donatenow hashtag lovejo  hashtag amman
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
man no money tonight how am i gonna afford bills and my suboxone duck fuck fuck
niggas chewing on nicotine gum?oh.....
i was in class and i get up to leave and accidentally drop a package of imodium out of my purse.guy reaches makes face.i drop class.
username 1 week lo issue resolve aina kastame antara ?
username do you need a throat lozenge?
he compared my pussy to oxycodone
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hashtag breastcancer but can increase hashtag hotflashes.
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
i'm a veteran. my dr. told me yesterday i need to increase gabapentin to 900mgms. a day! nerve damage 2my legs! should i; they're killer ...
i'm looking at surgery so i will, unfortunately, be taking percocet, darvocet or some other form of oxycodone for a long ass time. not happy
username so, cymbalta is going generic. yep that's about all i've got in the drug industry at the moment.
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hashtag effexor
welcome the 2005 zinfandel from bird glen winery entangles sleep-inducing mesquite elements with a intense albuterol aftertaste. ولمن
ooo first nicotine lozenge of the day...making my headache go away...kinda hashtag quitsmoking
these hoes love alcohol and poppin adderall
i'm taking eliquis not worfrin.
fact: new oral  hashtag lorcaserin is fda approved on label for t2 diabetes cormid hashtag obesity and works better than januvia hashtag easd2014
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
username that's some shitty healthcare :/ sorry to hear. the only coupon for advair covers a max of 60$ a month
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
my metformin alarm just went off in the silent library and i swear i just gave the asian kid next to me a serious heart attack lmfaoo
dr. kyrillos: of ssris, paxil has the greatest assoc with hashtag weight gain. rx with caution in pts with presenting weight issues. hashtag paipip hashtag qi
username more $ in a zostavax shot ! plus we all wanna capture that senior with 23 overlapping meds ...
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
thanks for all the ff's while i was gone people! you are the milk to my magnesia. the boniva to my bones. the chipotle to my bowel movements
febuxostat comes as a tablet to take by mouth. it is usually taken once a day with or without food.
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
that bad that both ‘profen paracetamol aren’t lowering his fever. if it gets worse, then back in for diclofenac or paracetamol injection.
username oxybutynin is a crazy drug
username i'd heard that. looks like uloric works similarly to celery seed. dropping uric acid levels. ever tried it?
username cipro avelox levaquin-antibiotics that are really chemo drugs and give all the side effects you are listed with-check files
u r ugly latuda
username username username i'm telling you man, nothing worked for me. nexium is the truth. i have to take it every day.
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
$bdsi 2nd phase 3 bema buprenorphine ==&gt; data to be released in early july2014 --&gt; so all eyes on this one folks!
lunesta kicking in, gnitee victory hand
so potus username has hashtag acidreflux i have had it for years. prevacid or nexium good drugs. it means he is under way too much stress.
username username username username username username i can't wait to wake up sticky, w/ nicotine in my teeth full moon face
username username vioxx != gardasil. gardasil will help avoid the &gt; 500,000 surgeries done annually in us to prevent cervical cancer.
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
username the sildenafil citrate works the best for me. but is very strong. sometimes for all day sex i'll take tadalafil.
okay let's give this trazodone a try. ill keep you postedbgbuukdmfb?.&amp;-
username anyone with recent experience of taking keppra with lamotrigine? if so what side effects do you suffer??
the kid in the eliquis commercial has the gayest stroke i've ever seen
some high impact companies still not reporting to shareholders via username e.g. nike, exelon hashtag cdpwater
username with all the gardasil lawsuits, this is now a legal and not medical issue. the vioxx story evolved in a similar fashion.
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
username nah you missing my point, i realize there was a pistol present along with weed and oxycodone pills, but did he deserve death?
username would you like a crestor with that?
if i take boniva now as a young healthy man, could i have super bones?
username username she needs some boniva stat or the pics just cropped weird.
username i got crestor 10mg pon deck. we got no worries for the night.
who got suboxone
username hashtag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hashtag followthediet hashtag readthebooks hashtag cantfindgreatdoc
started off my day with some good albuterol smoke
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
username wheres the adderall at tho? lol
username username iwas tryin to get u steve.my sisters friend called back from the drs,10days levaquin 500mg the drip/burn will stop
username it's okay baby. lol did you get prescribed oxycodone ? face with tears of joy
username don't go there. i went on lyrica for nerve pain, it did exactly what your specialist said.
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
lyrica may cause suicidal weight gain. don't drink machinery or misuse lyrica unless it means everything to yo.
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
getting tysabri started and approved i hope is the hardest part hashtag mssucks
this is my first day feeling in any way alert since mid feb. maybe i'm getting used to the at stupid lyrica
:d username kissing face with closed eyes kissing face with closed eyes rt username once again....my ventolin saves me hashtag thankyoulord
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
username viibryd didn't work for me. fully well aware how to wean off meds. :-)
username i hope boniva isn't a banned substance. j/k lol
username lol. at the least, it's gotta mess with sildenafil in some way.
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
username hope you are feeling better. i did know you were asthmatic, i am too. have ventolin etc if you need any emergency supplies.
username no i'm on symbicort 400/12
username i spend a lot of time trying to ignore my body. but i need to start using the username again esp with starting enbrel soon
if i drink a whole bottle of miralax can i die? username
u see, u can do whtvr u want but theres a huge different antara benda wajib and haram. but heh who am i to judge u
hashtag ens2013: prof comi presents hashtag msresearch poster on safety of switching from tysabri to username username
starting some sanples of pristiq today. it's a newer med that treats anxiety and depression, but is designed not to have sexual side effects
username small frequent meals. cut the caffeine. nexium 1/2 hour before breakfast. (been there.) get well soon.
username username can you get imodium there also?
did you know that oxycodone and other opioids can lower testosterone and estrogen levels?
username am i the only person in college who has never taken adderall or vyvanse flushed face ” yes .. yes you are
username yes, it is. you're on humira, right? is it working as you'd hoped?
looking for legal experts to quote on federal court decision denying exelon purpa rates for hashtag windenergy. anyone?
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
i miss you mum dad... (sad).. :_( antara assignment n family..
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
i feel like diane keaton has definitely tried to screw sally field out of the boniva gig.
i'd pay the 20k per year if i had to. hashtag humira
username my doctor started me on metformin in may i've had some sort of period every month since then, which is new for me.
username username i used to carry cipro sometimes too, but it expired before i ever needed it! :)
username hi ashley. i take vimpat alongside keppra. i haven't noticed much with the change of my seizures apart from my tc's have
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
username run to mine and bring me some temazepam as a consolation payment for waking me up :))))
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
username i was trying to say i can't even imagine. i'm starting hashtag humira soon, that should be interesting.
username dude i feel physically and mentally drained.. thats the paxil i wanted hard at work
username she's been on diclofenac since her sugery and had a du repaired 20 years ago, there's a faint laparotomy scar hashtag twitfrg
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
levaquin — used to treat anthrax or plague in certain patients.
biggest scam in medicine right now: tamiflu
rt username today's journal club: quetiapine reduces icu delirium in small db rct. important as little/no other evidence exits: hyperlink
username ur right for a while, i couldn't stop. mormont killed, crestor killed, and then you think... oh no the baby
username thank you so much! i tried midodrine and it didn't agree with me, but i switched to metoprolol and it's very effective.
claire go get some latuda pill
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
username plus she huffs her advair to get attention
dr reddy's: launches oral inhalation levalbuterol solution
username i am on 800mg of quetiapine daily, and have been for many years.
username unlikely as not comparing the same product; aranesp = long, epo hashtag biosimilar = short acting (1/2)
username oh do u take synthroid
so i'm eating a throat lozenge and then i realise it tastes like something familiar. then i remember username bounce juice!
what is an elemental calcium amount in actonel with calcium?  a. 1250 mg b. 500 mg c. 650 mg d. 1000 mg
does anybody want to buy some yorkshire duck paté? tamiflu extra. 200€ genail. hashtag backinthefridgeagain
username remember when they said thalidomide was good? that's kind of how i reckon this experiment will go
i feel like that xarelto commercial just lasted for 20 minutes!
username feeling soo depressed.. any pills for it?@onyi boi take fluoxetine 20mg daily n call ur favourite phone number.
username not to worry. they usually give metformin some oc to treat that. and the oc treat acne too
username you kirsty lowrey are toooo funny!!!!! imodium for dogs hahaha xxx
i can imagine! alaska, wow! username keeping enbrel cold on a 12hr journey....not fun! hashtag alaska2014
im like, totally against drugs, drugs are bad, but like, i take adderall everyday for school and if i dont take it i die -white girls
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
ads like the crestor commercials are stupid...sends the message that hey you don't have to take care of yourself..just take this pill grinning face with big eyes hashtag sucker
no sleep last night. due to running out of seroquel. also ran out of mood stabilizers. today is going to be messy.
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
tired this morning. and no lamotrigine ping effect to rely on. second strong coffee it is then!
these waves of suboxone are much better that that of withdrawal let's put it like that thank you
username does this include denosumab injections?
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hashtag trippinballz.
i really hope username got to his advair in time....
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
username dexilant is great drug for hashtag acid hashtag reflux so happy with this drug!!!
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
nuvaring ? tf is that lol
hashtag rxtips: diclofenac is the supreme goddess of nsaids. just keep an eye on your tummy and your heart.
tysabri infusion. but first i must gather sustenance username first.
alkie vineyards binds passionate boysenberry undertones and a zesty albuterol flavor in their 2009 cabernet. hashtag jewelry
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
username username stupid stupid stupid, listen to the goddam cops, don't fight, don't reach into pocket for the bottle of oxycodone
i got latuda for sale
the dawnbreaker quest is the most amazing moment in the game for me... not sure who voiced meridia but it gave me chills... a voice like god
lmao you're on cymbalta. mania away.
i'll be so happy when this oxycodone kick in.
panel seems split on safety thus far -- at least as far as those who have voiced opinions. re username spiriva respimat adcom hashtag fda
then of course there's the ramapril falodipine a water pill advair the nebulizer once a day username
these pristiq commercials are annoying
latuda isn't right for everybody, if you experience explosive diarrhea while taking latuda, please call your doctor. username
username username this sounds like a premise for a really bad ad for nexium or something. xd
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day16
username much at night... let's the brain slow down some... (i take zoloft for my anxiety and desyrl and restoril at night)
esomeprazole better onset than omeprazole
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
look what the xarelto rep gave me! hashtag sunshineactfail hashtag acc14 hyperlink
if anyone has experience with lamictal they'd like to share, i'd love to hear it. mainly i took it and didn't die, that'd be nice
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
username username username i enjoy arguing miralax doses.
username growth platforms deliver $400mil incremental sales, offsetting gx erosion (esp crestor). brilinta sales up
username username i think you said you discussed victoza with your cons, it is certainly helping me lose weight control sugars, ups
i am so tired of this victoza commercial!
never have i ever been so happy to refill my lunesta hashtag blessed
combining the smoking cessation medication varenicline with nicotine replacement therapy was more effective than varenicline alone at...
utility exelon wins engagement with aggressive approach
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
username i think i'm addicted to jamie viox see-no-evil monkey ” omg same wow smiling face person tipping hand
how i wish i didn't have to dose up on imodium to complete my day...
username i actually miss my hashtag remicade infusions. im on humira now and that quiet time was really nice every 6 weeks.
i dont have asthma anymore!!!i just take preventable advair cause i smoke a pack n' half a day.i get it for free
username that's right!! you better work on your cardio... you won't be looking to cool on stage puffin on your advair diskus ... lol
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
i'm pretty sure my dog ate my nuvaring yesterday - guess who
after a 2 year break from tysabri, i decided to restart tysabri soon. d byrne
roll thru with the nuvaring
saxagliptin largely safe for the heart in high-risk type 2 diabetes, although heart failure signal warrants investigation hashtag esccongress2013
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
in bed . vicks under my nose , two advil cold sinus in my system , 2 puffs of albuterol , 2 puffs of flovent . this is fine weary face face with tears of joy loudly crying face unamused face
username username *offers a cough lozenge*
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hashtag bewareofsatin
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
metformin beats other type 2 diabetes drugs for those newly diagnosed: study. username
giving you dome on trazodone
has anyone taken pristiq or effexor? what are your experiences with it?
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
and i'm coming off a 20 hour adderall binge so i don't think i can physically make it to my next exam :-)
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
username respi...u counsel his spiriva handihaler with cik sara. plavix aunty for dual antiplatelet x1/12 then aspirin 150mgod x2/12
username get some lunesta
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
username username bland, lunesta infested, narcoleptic hell.
anti depressants for mood, adhd meds, lunesta to sleep, norcos for the pain and lithium for the brain...yet u thnk we are fucked up? gotcha
keynote at aps dr. svensson: in animal model - pain in postinflammatory rheumatoid arthritis: gabapentin effective, nsaids not hashtag aps14
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hashtag badass hashtag sick hashtag withdraws hashtag sicksicksick
last question : sitagliptin used for ...........
pop an adderall and ace your test smiling face
username username username no dude bring on miralax
if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
refa enterprises, llc issues voluntary nationwide recall of forever beautiful bee pollen due to undeclared sibutramine and phenolphthalein
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
username it's the nuvaring for me haha
q1:which company had to make a recall of it's drug vioxx in 2004,the drug which earned it revenues totalling $ 2.3 billion in 2003?  hashtag quiz
username i take two of 110 mcg flovent every day and my rescue which i don't have to carry anymore
username :-( i'm also moving to different meds, taking me off gabapentin, serious munchies on that lol giving me pregabalin instead
sape yang paling hot and cute antara kite org ne . not include thw little baby ... hyperlink
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
is it made from your gum in your mouth ( lasah) tradjenta
username username stay away from scare tactics. i was in remicade tysabri trials. many reasons why patients turned away. thnx.
username taste good nicotine free. :)
manhood today is about exfoliation, cheese courses, emotional honesty, and paxil. and yes, cutting peppers in the classic style de julienne.
cipro, levaquin, avelox and all other fluoroquinolones are dangerous drugs that can have devastating effects
please stop smoking. try going to sauna for 3 days row and feel the nicotine flow out of your body
who should be be promoted to nexium lead ? bama gible or d6b
username thanks amanda. quetiapine mode on.
very good background control may have influenced nonsuperiority of saxagliptin in hashtag savor-timi 53 - dl bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
on thursday hashtag fda's pulmonary-allergy drugs advisory committee will compare the safety of $bings tiotropium power with tiotropium spray hashtag copd
it's about time to see a doctor.. couldn't breathe tonight at work and now i'm using a ventolin puffer to try to catch up when i can't.
tw/ / / / / we have deducted that i have fcked up my throat from retching so much  and they told me to take a nexium pffft
username rimonabant huh? never heard of it! is that a chemical?
username selena gomez looks like a thalidomide victim in that picture
latuda is a fucking joke and it does not work
username username didn't think it could happen but will be going off paxil strattera simultaneously. hashtag humana is my doctor and god
atrial fibrillation guidelines: class iii (may cause harm) ➔ dabigatran, rivaroxaban, apixaban in patients with prosthetic heart valves
i need to update that blog since i changed my mind to go ahead and get on tysabri (next week 1st infusion) i was vehemently against it.
addicted to nicotine badly.
new york attorney advises diabetics to review new studies regarding januvia janumet byetta and victoza.
very happy to announce that i am opening my own private practice in beaverton oregon. we will be specializing in suboxone and co-occurrin...
username yes! docs put me on vocal rest once they didn't know what was wrong..turns out it was gerd..they gave me nexium
earthliings take us to your codeine castle so that we may speak with your versace leader
5th year intern doesn't know the brand name for ciprofloxacin. answers back with, uh... levaquin.  hashtag fml hashtag pharmacyproblems
trazedone.
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
username ashame most sglt2 inhibitors aren't covered until the max dose of metformin has been tried hashtag stupidinsurance
two alvesco inhalers - one with 120 doses, one with 60 (with 1 sticker saying 60 and one saying 120 doses). not very helpful.
username *clears throat* debbie just hit the wall she never had it all one prozac a day husband's a cpa her dreams went out.....
username username nah we're only on sitagliptin
username avonex here (~7 years), with some relatives on tysabri and betaseron
username username brodie does ventolin taste better when you use a spacer?
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
hmm i just found imodium in hailees jewelry box
anybody know what a buzzy bee is for enbrel shots??? let us know. we want to know what it is and if it works. thanks!
username dang. maybe he laced my weed with lunesta
even with a bioavailability close to 1, a dose of iv levofloxacin seems much stronger to a patient than a silly old pill. but it's not.
beyonce sez cigars on ice do u ever wonder if she's talkin bout smoking while she's taking adderall 2 stay alert while she dr0nk in l0v?
fda gives example of avandia as rare case where black box was removed at chantix adcomm.
hashtag patients hail fantastic news as nice backs velcade via username
i'm tired of luansantanaadrenalina ! is at least offering acomplia
username i was put on fluoxetine a few weeks ago by gp. seen new psych on monday and he is mixing it with olanzapine, as he said they are
it's 100,000 times more energy effient 2 ... now i'm exited fam ... it's a brian chip pc with neurones pyramidal cell funx ... hashtag neurogrid
username eg - metformin reduces bs by suppressing hepatitic glucose release not by increase insulin release, which would be ineffective..
username i have to take victoza and metformin and insulin and forixgal just to get through the day so try that pasta thing
lunesta in hand: had dinner tonight with some of the smartest most compassionate young adults i know. i love them
how cn u gv sum1 who's simply havn trouble sleeping a drug that is as potently psychoactive and neuro-altering as paxil! lyk, wtf! really?
somebody go to the pharmacy and get the royals imodium they can't stop the runs!
that moment when you forget if you took your levothyroxine flushed face  hashtag hypothyroidprobs
username bortezomib side effects include thrombocytopenia and peripheral neuropathy.
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
username miralax is my shit girl i'm hoping it works for you
username no, i have a symbicort 400/12 (budesonide/formoterol) steroid inhaler as long-acting antagonist.
gabapentin and pregabalin best drugs for diabetic neuropathy. (kaplan 2ck) hashtag diabetes
ventolin for the win
lmaoo wtf rt username ur bae less likely to finger u w a nuvaring in.
username username we'll have you know that the crestor is all paid off, thank you very much
username cause my adderall hasn't kicked in yet
via username teva asks to be dismissed from pay-for-delay case on generic stroke drug aggrenox (israeli company, not deal w/domestic parties)
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
username quetiapine has been good for my symptoms - although it has a lot of side effects. i'm on 600mg and sticking with it! xx
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hashtag humira than hashtag enbrel hashtag rheum
username just tamiflu :/ as long as that works, i'll be good! :)
hashtag mentionatruefriend sabril and food :)
wondering whether taking extra fluoxetine will cause any noticeable increase in my blood levels or whether it will be mostly placebo?
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
i am the throat lozenge gwede mantashe refused.
username username nope, it isn't. people abuse flagyl all the time. dangerous. better to take ort, or imodium if it's an emergency
username he's been prescribed cipro for it.
da fuck is nexium
certainly a nuvaring would do more to protect you than a promise ring ever could.
username service coverage. things i’ve taken or had done that end up not covered. it’s happened before. $1900 bill for a boniva shot.
rt username n. meningitidis proph: rifampin 600mg po bid x4doses, ciprofloxacin 500mg po x1 dose, cegrtriaxone 250mg im x1 dose hashtag foamed…
username you're rich have a doctor prescribe you ambien lunesta or sonata like come on
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hashtag shakyhands :-\
one day that will be me lyrica proved anything is possible face with tears of joy smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with smiling eyes
hashtag ruinamedicine george metformin
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
hey username why you make me wait so many days for my moneyz? my cat's depressed after game of thrones and needs prozac bad! i need my money!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
date: april 2, 2007 1: 35 am it is important bingo socialist tramadol water and very paxil levitra can free ve
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
the pain i'm feeling right now won't go away with oxycodone x only username can heal my scars
username  i'd highly advise you to stay away from seroquel. you ain't seen nothin' yet until you eat one of those.
tecfidera coming in at $460 in the us blows away expectations $biib
does anyone on hashtag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
has anyone else ever drank apple sauce from a coffe cup? its very effient
out of the combo of these current games being boring and my adderall kicking in heavy, i decided to make a top 5 list for next season.
lol love how when it comes to stimulants you only hear about adderall vyvanse. riddalin, concerta, focalin...weak unless in high doses
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
ok...first day off effexor...seems ok so far...
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
username all nighter anyone? eyes ” adderall cyclone
spencer be blackinggggg when she's on adderall lol
niagara rt username what happens if you mix up your nexium and your viagra?   hashtag tbscommercials
username i think they misunderstood. they thought she said if you like it, then you better put a nuvaring on it.
before that, i was using olanzapine username username
username why would you clean it? i wouldn't got his ass a mop and some imodium
i need brand name nuvaring bc literally there is no generic. any more is asking me to justify my method of bc, which is not what aca says.
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
warning: never give twins miralax at the same time.... you will regret it within 24hours o.o ....(or at least my momma did, lol).
username ethanol, caffeine, nicotine pharma drug takers continue to label their toxic drugs' competition - hashtag cannabis - a dangerous drug.
why is this insurance coverage: many major insurance plans will not cover brand-name advair hfa starting in 2014.
lunesta park hashtag badthemeparks username
imodium basturds username   hashtag poopmovies
why is efavirenz lacking for plwha in argentina? national programme bought much atripla, which is good, but non fixed combinations needed
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
a harmonious tobacco flavor and pornographic albuterol overtones are merged in the 1990 syrah from redwood river winery. #5sos
getting better lepas telan ventolin 4 mg. like seriously face with tears of joy
get power of portion with fda approved belviq and feel satisfied with less food. ask your doc and hashtag loseit hyperlink
i took 2 seroquel like an hour ago, i'm kind of weirded out that i'm not currently seconds from passing out
username i hate metformin
poo african house imodium ad his bird he's not, souvenir shop. i diabetes dentist does justin goofy's kitchen. nose. my paul heyman bursitis
i had post-menopausal osteoporosis, until i discovered prolia. i'm not going to let a broken bone get in my way!
pain control is very important. tramadol and gabapentin work together very well to control extreme pain ur hashtag ivdd dog may have. robaxin too.
back from the psychiatrist. she prescribed me viibryd and ambien. i'm really going to be loopy now loliez. ;) :p
username username you need to suck on a lozenge!!! xx
username i feel that way after being on namenda.
username lol cheeto suboxone prescription hyperlink
this crestor bowling commercial is totally weird. hashtag svengoolie
basically, i let me boyfriend have a trazodone last night so i could have the last third of the pill that i can never break off on my own.
trazodone or seroquel? rt username there’s a war going on inside that i ain’t safe from.
i just hope my brain damage isn't permanent that the hashtag tysabri can't help w/certain symptoms. guess we'll see. hashtag msproblems
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
username i was on prevacid, then prilosec, then nexium all by 'scrip' until they went otc. username
new $25 for 90- list includes popular rxs- generic lipitor, plavix, cozaar, hyzaar, mirapex, aricept, flomax, proscar, lexapro, effexor xr.
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hashtag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
progress for pediatric bipolar disorder treatment: fda has these for mania in youth: risperdal, abilify, zyprexa, and seroquel hashtag mghvgr
not uncommon for bipolar disorders to receive three drugs at same time. latuda may be monotherapy.
do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hashtag fda approved: hashtag quetiapine aka hashtag seroquel
username thats what im on right now suboxone
don't smoke cigarettes for nicotine shortens life! smokeв marijuana for laughter prolongs life:))
username it wasn't lyrica, it was controlled-release pregabalin - the next version of lyrica. an nih study, multi-centre thru us/canada.
contrast $abbv rpt w $bmy, drug eliquis struggles out of gate, lofty pro forma sales assumptions in eps guidance downward. no mkt reaction.
next match perebutan juara ke-3 championship division antara username vs username hashtag championshipdivision hashtag finallfm2014
who needs preworkout when your prescribed adderall hashtag speedster
username well. potema is not trying to take over, for now. and meridia is watching her closely. i think the mortals should stay away
username my favourite diabetic medicine is the almost perfect euphemism rosiglitazone
username ask for extra chemicals when they clean. and take a few cipro to make sure all is covered.
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
username yeah symbicort and singular are the maintenance. been battleing ashma since i was 7. but i am winning! training hard playing hockey!
username username username username correct. trial will test pa-824 + moxifloxacin + pyrazinamide vs. both hashtag tb hashtag mdrtb
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
username i got both and paxil, i'm loaded. lol
lol my act study book tells you not to take adderall before the test, listen up kids pill
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hashtag practicepoint
username i hope hillary is taking her boniva so she doesn't break her hip while running for president. major eyeroll.
username woke up cant breath! thanks for taking away advair 500, which worked for me. your penny pinching is costing me my health!
username chippy just had trapped nerve in left shoulder, bloody annoying.. gabapentin tablets do the trick mate. get well soon.
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
i read the words party organization and got a very clear image of lunesta angrily dancing with shutter shades and glow sticks. i can't.
username nuvaring is the real mvp
even with trazodone i can't stay a fucking sleep dude.. so annoyed.
update 2-astrazeneca gets sales boost as nexium drug keeps on giving
username last night i had sweet temazepam sleep... until my epic period pains woke me up.
ranbaxy's hypertension drug diovan helps co get back in black. profits soar over rs 470 cr revenues rise 16% in q2fy15 username
username but...the metformin and viagra scripts? how will they be filled?
username er doc tried to give approval so i can get my xarelto for blood clot, but can't because no one is open. not cool.
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
rt username a little bit here about stan kutcher and paxil study 329 . just asking the question. hashtag halifax hyperlink
i wonder if this is how productive people on adderall are on the daily... hashtag prevtweet
username im taking levofloxacin for sinusitis
because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats, lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
username username my husband was on dilantin for 18 yrs and lamotrigine for 3. our doctors said a glass of wine wouldn't hurt.
nicotine faded dreams..
if you use suboxone and you're not a recovering heroin addict, you're a fucking idiot.
username then i was switched to humira as well. and humira seems to work for me but the needle i have for it is terrible. it stings every.
probably shouldn't have taken those hydrocodone lunesta together. pretty sure i shouldn't have chased w/ rum. let's see how this turns out
i like using generic names for brand drugs to confuse asshole customers. oh, you want your flonase? did you mean fluticasone proprionate?
no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
chilling with meridia
mexican females bodies outchea looking like adderall pills n shit.
is there anything stronger than ventolin i can buy over the counter?
hope 200mg of lamotrigine, entire bottle of wine, a bottle of schnapps a 24oz beer help me to not want to take the rest of these pills.
oh my god he needs zyprexa, haloperidol, adderall strattera face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
we hashtag cantbeinarelationship because you're a scientologist and i use paxil as a condiment.
rozerem, trazodone, and norco? i got all three!
username as someone who has needed nexium i can definitively say yes.
just thinking about eliquis makes you start bleeding
pillow when minecraft people watching big bang theory lincoln center 5sos demi moore horse ebooks airwaves sore suboxone politics fart cdm
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
username read on username why we are leery of exelon and their aged nuclear plants!
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
username feeling ok now. username gave him ventolin
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
i had to use my xopenex inhaler 12 times yesterday afternoon/evening. getting close to er type attacks.
username i've been on the nuvaring for 4 yrs. but i have to go to the dr again soon, so i plan on mentioning it.
username thx! the lamictal was a lifesaver for me, could finally live a normal life. dilantin and tegretol were nightmarish.
$regn - big eylea revenue miss $359m vs $408m consensus. co. blames inventory de-stocking., says demand actually increased.
got summer school tomorrow anybody wanna loan me some vyvanse or adderall? pretty please!!
username username 300mg quetiapine once before bed. you'll be right as rain. you take care of yourself, dear.
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
username just looked up etanercept on wikipedia sue and ....my brain is fried! hope it does the business for you though
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
username and if it's a guy sildenafil ke tablets
denosumab for bone mets. approved in cda for prevention of skeletal-related events. blocks rank&lt;-&gt;ligand binding  hashtag palcarecongress
to pregabalin or not to pregabalin tonight? might just codeine it instead. lights out either way.
mmm a checmical tickeling my gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor causing a anxiolytic effect followed by a breakdown into alpha-hydroxyetizolam
secretly in love with one of our suboxone patients. see-no-evil monkey flushed face neutral face
hashtag rehab hashtag drug hashtag drugs well my trip to the dr to get suboxone turned into me admitting myself inpatient: im so sick an... call 888-656-0067
just occurred to me that since i’ve already completed my bloodwork, i could dip into some 125 synthroid for the weekend instead of my 112s.
it feels like we're all living in a prozac nation, the united states of depression
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
welcome abhyang sagar antara pardeshi username hashtag babyboy thx a lot username hashtag ray
this tamiflu is soo nasty
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
hashtag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
username totally agree ! are you on the fb page the uk tysabri page - its so great for support + lots of glasgow peeps xxx
i want more merydia next week
tysabri is by far the most effective but dangerous dmt on the market. ....... i took that risk and its halted my disease !
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
all i have to say about seroquel is god damn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wouldn't even doubt that protein powder is our thalidomide
waterproofing yours backhouse is personable: viox
memorycoin in half nita thalia bam is a fart. cryptogenicbullion spiriva art my bunghole! margaret wang a headache china grill
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
i need some valium xanex percocet darvocet vicodin klonopin sleeping pills and nyquil! i can't sleep yo its driving me mad
username i am so sorry. *gives you cranberry juice, morphine, and ciprofloxacin*
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hashtag withdrawal hashtag trazodone hashtag omgicantwait hashtag help
xopenex is a gift from god
username guanine and thalidomide
is the little girl in the prolia commercial apple? or does blythe danner always garden with random neighborhood children?
username i'm on pregabalin too (for neuropathy) :) enjoy your pizza!
the most important side effect of ventolin is: a) nausea b) vomiting c) tachycardia d) drowsiness  hashtag abdalla
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
glenmark-msd januvia patent row drags on in court. the infamous tareeq pe tareeq that indian judiciary is known for!
if johnson / cariaso goes 4 more rounds, the ufc is going to put the manufacturers of ambien and lunesta out of business hashtag ufc178
yes! my dr prescribed cipro for my trip! watch out potential stomach bugs! trip countdown: 7 days
username after methotraxate and remicade failed, humira was my next option. my doctor put me on it
also unclear if memantine is helpful at this point. hashtag autismchat
username ugh. terrible. i'm in enbrel for psa and have had life changing results. psoriasis only flares from time to time.
rt username wow. 25,000 people are on invokana, per the savvy nauman shah, vp of marketing at username they are super lucky. #2013ad…
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
hashtag fml [49 storm ran] xopenex killed by a kuo-toa warrior hashtag carrionfields hashtag rpg
username suboxone withdrawals
$lly ixekizumab was statistically superior to etanercept and placebo on all skin clearance measures in phase 3 studies
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
my mom condones me selling her oxycontin pills and my sisters adderall hashtag iamtheplug
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hashtag mastersdegree hashtag sofaraway
username imodium could aid your recovery babe x
cocaine adderall heroin vicodin oxycontin morphine xanax valium klonipin acid shrooms buds salvia hash opium lean
username ms boniva says hi hashtag shadyboots
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hashtag windowopensdoorcloses
correct username username thalidomide or lenalidomide increase chances of dvt.
should today be a vyvanse day? or a xannie day? hmmmm.. decisions, decisions.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
on souls of my asthma act up again this close to it just acting up imma become a damn supplier of xopenex
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
u.s. nrc okays 5 reactor license transfers from constellation to exelon
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
mtv are you stupid?? you're trying to compare adderall and oxycontin...
// since meridia was invited, i might have to hop on her later.
username imodium tablets. always take them on a trip. helps if you get the 'runs' :) hope you're feeling better!
my flovent doesn't work and i do t even know if i have a refill sleepy face
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
username out of anything princess tiana really fast because they dont have much selection of her. same with meridia
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
today i called to verify a script written for 40mg viibryd with a dispense quantity of 530. the doctor meant to put 30 tablets. hashtag pharmacy
upto quetiapine? s'pose to help me sleep but dont know what you were thinking last night.
username transfer in..synthroid 125. (generic for crestor) quantity remaining 0.  really? oh, and they were synthroid capsules
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
zanamivir and oseltamivir are active against both influenza a and b
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
username no i dont care if you sing just get the main lyrica rights its whats hatnin not whats hatin'
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
i need this nexium to dougie on this reflux is what i need.
who got dey nuvaring knocked outta place las night
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hashtag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
...and possession of class suboxone and codeine. he could have ditched them during the 4 hours he was hiding in the woods, but nah hashtag milford
rt username my breakfast of choice is a cup of starbucks coffee with a side of 70mg vyvanse.
username rely on my tweets as much as hf pts rely on metoprolol succinate, carvedilol and bisoprolol! hashtag lowermortality hashtag naplextipoftheday
username the crestor commercials with the superfan. talk about trying way too hard.
i used to only be able to talk to my mom when i was drinking, stopped drinking, cymbalta helps me to dial the phone now.
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
just saw a cymbalta commercial promoting help for chronic lower back pain. the warnings are mood changes and suicidal thoughts
rt username username halls. totally losing my voice and need a lozenge. haha.
q7: which is an example of a high intensity statin: rosuvastatin 20 mg, pravastatin 40 mg, or atorvastatin 10 mg? hashtag imconf hashtag foamed
username username i'm just on vimpat now, better control.
mrs doubtfure returns to pilfer boniva from area nursing homes to give to his brittle ex-wife sally field
username username restoril is better choice for insomnia
chlorpromazine haloperidol clozapine olanzapine ziprasidone all neuroleptics for schizophrenia treatment. ;) hashtag learndatshit
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
rt username username she got the seroquel to make her sleep as she feels its a waste of time sleeping
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
shit hodgy is a fucking savage like his lyrica are to fucking crazy!
researchers to study effectiveness of atorvastatin in preventing heart problems in breast cancer patients
i keep on getting notifications to remove my nuvaring ....................i am a single virgin with extremely catholic parents
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
username 5.5 months on 14 mg aubagio 4 me no sides bloodwork is good &amp;so far no hair thinning. i do take username 8pm hashtag takethatms hashtag beatms
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
just got a stock check phone call for buprenorphine and plan b. someone had a rough night...
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hashtag psoriasis
username thought of another one for the opposing team in your mudfight....nikola bonova
the positive effects of metformin hyperlink
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
username good to hear things are ok. check out exelon jobs. let me if you apply for anything. exelon owns bg&amp;e.
username in us, to prescribe buprenorphine you need a special dea # and are limited in the # of patients you can treat at a time
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
ishmael avandia with the pick six! representing the number well! defense wins games
username username well with me i find the temazepam stops me dreaming, but then i wonder if you rebound dream :-/
i wish my suboxone didn't taste like shit
username a latuda like that, young lady, will get you nowhere
username unfamiliar with this. any correlation with aptt and efficacy? i say we just use rivaroxaban or apixaban instead...
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
thought i saw a boniva convention in progress, but it was just a forever 21 store.
i am the shit someone pass the imodium
interesting use for ventolin inhaler hashtag skint
ranitadine, co-codamol, ibuprofen, vitamin b tablets, loperamide and multivitamins. that wee cocktail should help my forthcoming hangover.
let's get this right metformin is the mother but needs a son! deficiency: we want to squeeze wht's left in pancrease -sulfonylurea
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
q2 big arse metformin tablets. i hate taking a lot of them at once!!! that's what i'd really do away with!!  hashtag ozdoc
username then saphris is entirely unnecessary. that was my mistake.
scared of my hashtag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hashtag crohns hashtag ra hashtag help
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
not watching tv 'noise' channels is another way 2 treat :) rt username cnbc-tv18 alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
username username yes! max compl w/1 tab q24h. abbv reg has so many problems! i know inventor of its pi. ritonavir nec. crazy!
us fda adcom vote: do data provide substantial evidence for spiriva respimat for copd maintenance exacerbations? 13-yes 0-no
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username nexium twice a day. take generic omeprazole instead. same thing, but much cheaper. az should be ashamed it marketed nexium.
time to dig into hashtag fda briefing docs for username thurs. adcom for spiriva spray for hashtag copd.
i wish it was already night time then i could take my restoril and be okay
i wish i was as passionate about something as the crestor guy is in those commercials or i wish i was dead....probably dead would be better.
username the thalidomide kids in the hall hashtag sadtvshows
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
username username stress, tiredness and alcohol makes it worse... i'm surprised temazepam doesn't too!
username apparently not... news to me.. still no insurance company paying for generic diovan either
username username breathing treatments 3-4 xs a day albuterol 4xs a day advair 2 xs day 7% hyper saline 2 xs a day pulmazyme 1 x a day
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
rt username new hashtag tv ads 4 hashtag humira should feature hashtag crohns hashtag patients like me battling thru hashtag chemotherapy just 2 breathe normally. hashtag i…
md prescribed nexium (esomeprazole) for pt w/ gastritis. rn gives med a.30 minutes before meals b.with meals c.qhs d.30 minutes after meals
iono what id do without trazodone..
pregabalin drug can help reduce incidence of chronic pain following cardiac surgery
who names there baby nicotine thoo :/
username yeah...i have to take gabapentin for the nerve damage. meloxicam for an anti inflammatory.
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
rt username username - viagra deaths - 522. ru486 deaths - 7. paxil deaths - 6,000+. notice anything odd?  hashtag txlege hashtag sb9 hashtag swtw #…
username i came off most of them. still taking a low dose of lyrica (but i am weaning off it) and i'm taking 20mg of namenda daily.
lying in bed listening to li'l pickle pot coughing in his sleep despite cough syrup and ventolin before bed hashtag winterlurgi hashtag poorlypicklepot
yeah i was on adderall and had some almonds so i knew my metabolism was on point k evan.
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
username i was thinking about vultures/ diclofenac yesterday. as you do.
i'm at a videogame store and there's so many dudes here with their mom like full grown balding men god damn somebody get me a prozac
when i was taking a full dose of hashtag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
username fuck i don't remember. they're antidepressants but for insomnia too.. trazodone or something like that
newly elected abag board chair laurie latuda kinkel of hashtag abagmember username thanks our keynote invites members to discuss hashtag abagam14
username cereal, pasta, ice packs, juice. tell dad that i'm doing enbrel tomorrow because i had to write a paper tonight.
valium makes my wine a little less depressing. pristiq makes everything a little less depressing
na imodium fit do rt username hope you have flagyl close by username breakfast don't hate on my culinary skills hyperlink
so i was at lphs last night and this black guy says damn meridia you are looking better then ever and gave me a hug ? idk who he was lol
google targeted ads is trying to sell me suboxone lol.
multimodal analgesia : intra op ketamine reduces opiod use post op. don't forget pregabalin and start preop if possible hashtag anes2013
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
so this levothyroxine, im supposed to take on empty stomach and not w effexor. gah. i usually take effexor as soon as i get up in morning.
blowing dis gas wit darvon
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
username ask about trazodone next time you have an appointment dude. you can't overdose on it and 1/6th of the pill will knock me out.
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
sitting in the cvs drive thru because this little boy is put of his vyvanse prescription. he's in the car with me....without vyvanse.
username username username should i bring the imodium for you elliot? hashtag porcelaingod
username username username synthroid = levothyrox et bentylol = dicyclomine
someone needs to get mike emerick a cup of coffee and a throat lozenge hashtag becauseitsthecup
username i thought she took thalidomide ?
i have strong tablets and i have my ventolin which is strong that if i have over 10 puffs i can die x i haven't stanley knife and
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
from cogencis: cipla get uk approval to sell stomach acidity drug esomeprazole
username hi asda team, can i buy ventolin inhalers over the counter at your pharmacies any more?
username i take a combo of cytomel, synthroid and vitamin d. and if you ever need to talk, i'm here.
username adderall had me at hello.” username
this vimpat shit is working but the side effects are hell
effient workmates, where are they?
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
username im on effexor xr 75 mg, wellbutrin xr 300mg, and focalin xr 25 mg and i actually feel like a real person without anxiety sometimes
username gd luck!! ask abt gabapentin baclofen i use 2 quiet my screaming nerves 2 bomg hits gd sative wrks wndrs!wht hppnd?
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
levothyroxine sodium.
the doctor told me not to mix my effexor capsules with alcohol, well no shit sherlock, that would taste like asshole.
we have a great responsibility when we operate these plants. -bill noll of exelon on lessons learned and improvements from tmi hashtag uswin2014
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
is prasugrel or ticagrelor has any added benefit over clopidogrel in pts with acs who are going for primary pci???
username username username and, with amitiza on the market, the fda isn't exactly motivated to push relistor through. good luck.
need for pain adjuvants: duloxetine for chemo induced peripheral neuropathy. jama 2013. 20% difference in % who report decreased pain? hashtag asco
well that was interesting. there was a guy convicted because he tested positive for buprenorphine face screaming in fear he was in a little cell
username username i agree. loperamide 3 times a day. parang vitamins lang.
username *buys him a lozenge*
username yes! been on it for years. that along with humira kept me symptom free for 2 years. good luck!
arm mostly recovered, but still hurts. taking oxycodone so i can be comfortable. back to doing pc stuff, but taking more breaks
fword, super glad i didnt take pradaxa.
username they should teach you how to take advair bc you did it incorrectly
if i'm still sick after avelox i'm going to cry
cnbc-tv18 alert: dr reddy's launched xopenex generic levalbuterol in us
username نعم transdermal rivastigmine causes fewer gastrointestinal side effects than the oral formulation...
i need a lozenge.
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
after like hella years i finally told my mom i needed some form birth control. but like i didn't mean the nuvaring though &gt;.&gt; fuuuuuuuuuuck.
the list of side affects on those medicine comercials make me laugh. dont take victoza if your allergic to victoza lol 
hashtag amwa-md awards event, username talk on his social media journey; really started with blog post on vioxx
and this other patient is on vytorin 10/80mg taking lotrel 10/20mg and diovan hct 80/12.5mg….
username no i never got approved for it. i got neurontin generic instead. does that take time?
who just doesn't like username this nigga lyrically dope enough to ass fuck the nigga that invented nicotine!
username username i found darvocet to be h most effective painkiller that i've ever been prescribed. i was even on oxy in the hospital
these aids are shaped growth regarding nicotine herbivority gum/lozenges, inhalers, sprays conjunction patches,:
i be on the bachelor like - hey my name is jason - twitter handle is zannlord - i get no bitches - i eat ass when i do - adderall = god
username she should. i'm just worried. she's limping on her hind legs and she has two stomach wounds. they gave me amox and buprenorphine
one hashtag prozac a day
ivy league news: effexor in morning or bedtime: now i was given leaflet provided by your freedom. of rfid signals specialists at corn...
username synthroid stays in the body longer so it's not as pronounced.
username wow! didn’t know about advair connection! ugh. sounds icky!
sigh...some days were just meant for champaigne and prozac.
i work in a pharmacy. no matter what time i go on lunch, i see a commercial for xarelto on the breakroom tv.
so these miralax commercials about people loving their laxatives ... yeah totally normal! face with tears of joy
perbandingan antara denmark bear vs puffy bear hashtag bonekawisuda hashtag bonekabandung hyperlink
username username username i've forgotten to take my synthroid for 3 months.
ugh, so tired… i have an hour before i technically can go to bed… i may say screw baclofen tonight and go to bed early… so tired!
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
username .... humira works wonders
cory over here talkin bout his vyvanse while i put my wrist to work, late night cookin
username wondering why cvs honors januvia manufacturers coupon and caremark doesn't. is this policy or oversite? thank you.
hogan wants exelon to dredge at conowingo.will he use the same logic for deep creek lake, where the state owns the dam? dam owner?
shout out to tamiflu meds you're the real mvp pill
hashtag ms ? taking hashtag tysabri ? remember: you can't just stop taking it without doctor monitoring. immune reconstitution syndrome is dangerous!
username im on metformin for mine
chalk talk helps for students: viox
username you need to take synthroid or levothyroxine for it. it's not expensive.u get 3 months for $10 at walmart
username thanks judy!!!! feeling much better now!!! that tamiflu really works!!!! hope you are better too!!! face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss
my head is going to explode.. a provider...a mid level....really just prescribed darvocet to a patient....my fucking god she is an idiot
username username bring prozac in if u got any plz” what's prozac looool?
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
username tomorrow you can try primperan or cilroton for the sickness and some esomeprazole (nexium or losec!)!!(im not a doctor :p)
yall know what ( y'all prolly don't care ) i finally gave a eliquis . anybody i know is on coumadin or xarelto.
username pepto bismol and imodium had me.
wait someone actually stole kenzie's miralax
ticket: michael arrington, failure to thrash imodium ad, (ding) yay, double fine day! $787 x 2 = $3003
username thanks - the pregabalin is helping. i hope to be a mummy with me one day too (without me would be even better! )
lol rt username halftime beverage = halftime meds ... levaquin with a chaser of robitussin. (don't judge!) ; ) hashtag cheers hashtag zappos  hashtag custserv
the one thing about hulu is that the commercials are waaaay too repetitive. if i have to watch this stupid tamiflu commercial again...
it's been a while since we've seen a good sally field boniva commercial.
username victoza novo nordisk,keeping the contracts even after all this. forbes says the butter queen is worth 17 million.
i was put on adderall zoloft strattera wellbutrin b4 i was 16 and now im a perfect boy o:)
dominique wilkins should not be shooting j's for victoza commercials, he should be snapping backboards clean off off houses. c'mon man.
username username neurontin xanax , plus during flare time lortab 7.5. non break through pain a couple of ultrams
just saw a commercial for januvia and it reminded me of the time username found out genovia wasn't a real country
my lyrica deeper than the sea floor
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
there's a company called humira. and well... i'm 3arab so of course i'll pronounce it 7umaira
morgan doesnt know who tyler the crestor is
oh god i took 2 probiotics and i still cant shit. miralax time betches
you can now add me to the list of unemployed in hashtag ldnont thanks a lot effexor!
username enbrel 'cos i couldn't grip pen...that's a double *doh*
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
sally field is 67. the boniva is working.  hashtag oscars2014 hashtag oscars
username omg you need to be prescribed temazepam forreal
india press-ranbaxy may lose heartburn drug nexium exclusivity - business standard  hashtag news
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
yeah i don't need to sleep and i am totally looking forward with the withdrawal symptoms of going off my viibryd thanks so much.
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
*goes to the doctors* i need a prescription for adderall asap because my senioritis is only getting worse
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hashtag feelnoshame
my humira just failed, buzzing to be ill all week again!!
latuda is such a funny name
here give people this pill to help them sleep. but what if they ask questions? ah just show them a video of a butterfly. smooth lunesta
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hashtag funtimes
but on a real note, i shouldn't have took those vyvanse's earlier
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
i don't know why i took the gabapentin. i don't like gabapentin anymore, but it's a different formulation so hopefully it'll be different.
username username docs gave me ventolin and a spacer thing to use it with (to make sure i use it properly) and i don't have asthma!
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
hashtag savor-timi 53: slight increase in hashtag heartfailure hospitalisation with saxagliptin in hashtag diabetics at high cv risk - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
username .............excuse me i think i'm still loopy from the viibryd please say that again
username to add some extra tension take one imodium and one laxative....
username username username copd flares reduced with avelox or z-pack. doxy $ up recently. what do you give for cap?
username well pregabalin definitely puts the brakes on spiralling anxiety in my experience.almost instantaneous.but has side effects..
username no way really!? thanks for letting us all know! you are a great person james henry viox v!
username username ibuprofen helps only slightly for me. i used to take darvocet until it got pulled from the market. been on 5mg of
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, you may qualify for compensation. 1.888.520.5202.
username the nicotine in tobacco is considered a drug. lol
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hashtag careerkiller
username username lets do it hurry feed ted some lunesta sleeping face
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
didn't give metformin before pt was transferred to floor. rn wrote incident report bc had to hold med and give sliding scale uh. expressionless face
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
username it's a lozenge. like cough drop
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
username username no mostly because i hate the idea of taking a pill every day. i even have trouble taking my synthroid every day
neurobrain: adding actonel ups bone density in epilepsy (cme/ce): (medpage today) -- adding risedronate (actonel) to...  hashtag zekelhealthcare
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
call jose zometa 202-617-4985 for special orders
fosamax has been linked severe side effects that include femur fractures, esophagus problems, hardening of the jaw and hypocalcemia.
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hashtag yaforbiologics hashtag rasucks
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hashtag helps
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hashtag msissucky
i found miralax and chocolate milk imma make some and then take somw reg lax when i get home
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
username the hits song dari boyband girlband carnaval antara username username username username di hashtag sctvawards
great start to top 5 gim talk by dr shadowitz. first up: apixaban prevents vte/death after unprovoked vte, no increase bleeds hashtag csim2013
trader rob. you history fonzi johnny hungrily pine tree katy perry flipboard ghee enbrel diarrhea spring bikes will femshep
username username what kind of bone builder do you take? i have a hard time remembering to take my fosamax because i have so many others
advair is a two part drug that must be combined when used. so they patented the container 6 years after the drug. americans will pay
because i'm 17, compose my own beats, lyrically dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine  hashtag tylerthecreator hashtag bastard
dear lunesta linda: take the night off. i'm so tired right now your services will not be needed. please give ambien annie my best.
the pharmacist looks at me like i am an hashtag addict. neurontin and nortryptiline are for hashtag myelitis you bitch. hashtag nothappy
omg latuda keeps hitting my car with hie in scared he gonna get me pregnet!!!
speaking of vyvanse, mine is wearing off.
but, ziprasidone and risperidone are not recreational drugs. not in 80s hollywood. not today. not ever.
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hashtag willpower
username no joke!  hashtag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hashtag tecfidera :)
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
repost: by: gee turner. does anybody here take latuda for bpd? do you have any opinions?
username hashtag starsignfacts: cancer tends to be extremely moody.” . . . i obviously need some prozac or better dick in my life. hashtag happiness
username possibly left my victoza medication on train. can you check if handed in? hyperlink
username username you know we love you lozenge
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
i swear cupcakes have nicotine in them hashtag imaddicted
nexium needs to get logos done asap !
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hashtag sostrong hashtag highasakite
antara benda yg menyakitkan hati is when you cant install any apps from the playstore because of insufficient storage padahal byk lg space
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
username username username thank god someone is there to protect timmy from a miralax overdose. 17 grams might cause...softer stool?
username kids are 13,10. guns and wine locked up. rx= crestor and acid reflux. not worried.
denosumab solves shortcoming speaking of dig dissipation up-to-the-minute crew including prostate wen: .nzv
today i learned that tofacitinib is a word
username just not representative. this is uptake from recent launches shows how much of an outlier januvia is hyperlink
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
username i got imodium on intravenous drip mate unamused face have to do better than that of you want to be my 15th giftee
that enbrel must be working real nice for mickelson
username hrt stuff (casodex and spiro) + avodart and minoxidil
username username one overall, one atorvastatin
a acidic pheremone essence and acidic albuterol midtones are incorporated in the 1992 white zinfandel from cedar hill vineyards. hashtag iran
patients starting oral drugs besides metformin for type 2 diabetes often need additional therapy
no. i really don't think having a vagina is gonna work out. fuck off with all that.bitch tryin to get suboxone for free apparently. not ok.
apixaban is xa inhibitor. approved for stroke prevention in a fib, vte/pe for hip/knee replacement. aristotle trial-dr grant hashtag im2014
hubs: i asked you to do my enbrel shots because i thought you wanted to feel like you were helping. me: when have i ever wanted that?
username    hi would u like to join viox and manger us add me viox shotz
quetiapine xl good or bad? # mentalhealthproblems
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
username username my humira injections cost a grand a go. i inject once a week. just those alone my annual health care costs 52k!
not understanding why the ciclesonide canister is so loose. it only really sticks in after you press on it because when you take it out
username non-opioid-tolerant patients who need buprenorphine to control acute&amp;chronic pain can't get as used 2 treat opioid addiction!
if you want to stfu irl take a whole temazepam
can't believe i asked my doctor to put me back on geodon. actually i wish he would have put me back on geodon
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
username i think the crestor guy is worse.
username hi i want to ask a question that can we go to gym after taking 300 mg of pregabalin under the influence of it
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
username just pullback tiday. it's been basing for a few weeks. by the way suboxone is what that dr speaks of. i been clean 6 years off
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hashtag ms hashtag notwothesame
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day9
rt username hashtag apixaban / hashtag eliquis reduced major bleeding from 1.8% to 0.6% vs hashtag warfarin in acute venous thromboembolism patients htt…
dr. this is our intern fatimah and she will give u brief introduction about lacosamide , me:who's fatimah ?? dr.you. me:me !! ok ( pouting face )
time for a spritz of fluticasone propionate! hashtag fallallergies
homework=depression=cymbalta
laying back on some oxycodone
username is the meds lunesta bc if so that may be the problem but what do i know im no doc
username username hi emma, i was 26 when diagnosed, if you want2ask me anything,feel free2give me a shout.on enbrel now&amp;working a treat
my happiness is based on how much sleep i get and how affective my adderall is that day.
username //wow. i just posted that fanart of meridia today.
so cool!!! username p.rosenfeld: eylea might be better at reducing size of peds. va gains may be better in eyes without peds hashtag retina”
drink coke.. and get imodium pills they'll stop the diarrhoea rt@lee mothupi: life's too short to have diarrhea... frowning face
im glad i went to the docs .. got more seroquel ( :
cedar glen winery merges steamy albuterol overtones and a sandy cap'n crunch perfume in their 2009 syrah. hashtag إجعلنا
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
rt username vyvanse in the house
xoxo username username feel better. tamiflu helps!
am trying to force sleep by moving to the spare room. probably just as well i picking up some quetiapine tomorrow
pregabalin and gabapentinoids perioperatively demonstrate effective way to prevent chronic pain post surgery. hashtag painmanagement hashtag asrapain
struggling w. pronouncing words like pioglitazone, repaglinide, sitagliptin let alone knowing what they do. hashtag sos
username ugh! what kind do you take? i'm on alvesco
nothing makes me want to strangle someone more than the sound of them sucking on a goddamn lozenge
melons favorite school subject is psychology. spiriva scooby poo mewsina for the clothes. it was bark fluffy riecoin mariah carey
this job has made me realize how much i really do need adderall to function like a human pensive face
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
6 yrs ago today i met my local hem/onc 4 the 1st time my reason 4 visit-anemia dx 11 days later w/ hashtag myeloma got my velcade there today hashtag mmsm
username oh that's great! i had nice results with humira prior to going on remicade. hit me up if you ever need someone to talk to :)
username will he arrive on a giant lozenge?
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
it's dixy y king. honk. let the cartoon begin. starring reba. i live in imodium ad, and i attend heavycoin school.
i bet the sons of suboxone are fired up about the big premiere tonight
username yeah am okay. had my tablets changed this week. i'm on fluoxetine 20mg now! was on 10mg citalopram before.
punt hashtag badpharma hashtag camh in the face for promoting hashtag pfizer's hashtag varenicline - ditto hashtag labatt's hashtag blue, hashtag beamish, hashtag mccain hashtag elililly hashtag prozac hashtag toronto
username anyone who takes metformin gets put on sliding scale lispro. pts who are npo for sx or other reasons are q4 hr checks.
username a lil now off for tysabri iv so will speak to neuro nurses! how are you getting on msfriends like you are a godsend x
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hashtag anxious
rivaroxaban is an orally active direct factor xa inhibitor. an alternative to warfarin. hyperlink
happy day with stella chanlieva and marina boneva !! believe!!
rivaroxaban is contraindicated in preg, crcl&lt;30 ml/min, sig hepatic impairment (child-pugh b,c with coagulopathy). on lopinavir-ritonavir.
username nexium
dungeness crab. the news: rihanna wins recoup white-out. imodium ad unstable
oh please!! aviva is using the advair diskus on camera for attention. that's a 2x's a day med with a steroid, not a rescue inhaler. hashtag rhony
username i took three goddamm bottles of boniva and still broke my hip trying to twerk! thanks for nothing, flying nun my ass!
early bird gets the vyvanse.
cymbalta can help. hashtag depression hyperlink
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
username my mom took my focalin what am i going to do tomorrow?! i got u with that vyvanse smiling face with sunglasses
username username ya suboxone is a lot more expensive and i don't think covered either!!
username i do have a crisis number, but i'm just going to knock myself out today w/ trazodone and start antipsychotics today too.
username or username is it ok to take aspirin while on fluoxetine
levofloxacin, salbutamol + gf, and rest.... :(( sickly me. t t
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hashtag rheum
i bet she took her boniva before she came to present. hashtag jeucyoscarparty
yes finally a question on trazodone.
username loperamide is a fairly recent invention bro. in my own time no such thing *scratches grey hair*
username how 'bout metformin biscuits doe hahahah
wondering if the special hashtag ebolaoutbreak serium is a rework of oseltamivir (tamiflu) drug which inhibits certain viral proteins...
i don't know about you, but i like to start my day with a hot cup of coffee, some thyroxine, naproxen, colecalciferol and sorafenib
username username well it's brought my oxygen % up and they gave me levofloxacin 750 mg through an iv..
it's nice that latuda and clozapine are pregnancy category b, but by your logic, why would someone with schizophrenia ever be pregnant?
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
my friend had miralax sitting in a gatorade let the guy she hooked up with drink it then kicked him out loudly crying face pile of poo
username yep! he knew the differences of oxycontin vs oxycodone though!!! the mgs, colors, etc, etc...
fluoxetine and alcohol - friday should be a good one!
significantly carby meal and an increase in metformin dosage, plus a fucking pint of coffee. that poor terlit.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
rt username waitin w my glitter shoes for the gi! gonna tell him i plan to not up my humira, hmm see how it goes hashtag crohnsproblems htt…
hashtag askdirectioners di antara album2 the boys, fav kalian apa?? hashtag mtvstars one direction
infectious disease prof just recc'd routine tamiflu for tx and prevention.... *bites tongue*... cant afford to print whole cochrane rev
dear nobel prize:volcano lava is merely mother nature's acid reflux.throw a fistful of nexium down her gullet.problem solved. you're welcome
username username username username username 2 of the meps to whom thalidomide survivors are grateful for support
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
got some oxycodone tho face savoring food fire
to take adderall or to not take adderall tonight...
this nuvaring is already annoying lmao
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
nothing to ventolin here
username it's cos they hav me on ketamine, codeine, gabapentin, duloxetine! pfffft! im so full on..think i take ppl by sprise s/tyms lmaox
dear lord. just found two crestor tablets on the floor, probably left from mils visit. fortunately i found them instead of the girls?
after 3 1/2 hours of sleep i'm exhausted but can't fall asleep neutral face ... this trazodone is gonna knock me out sleeping face zzz
username username username $nvo's victoza label lists 35% nausea rate when in combo w met+tzd. hyperlink
i've been in hashtag porn for 10 years and am not on hashtag prozac or hashtag zoloft..... yet
username lmfao she gotta wait and it's suboxone anyways so her fault
they determined that the benefits of statins metformin weren't enough to justify the risk.
username wait till the loperamide shortage hits  pity its not domperidone, then we'd sort some crappy rxing
username username my own gp always prescribes temazepam instead of zopiclone, thinks it's much better. but last time i had them
a fine line between fosamax and liplock
my dog was put on xanax yesterday, and if that doesn't work they are gonna put him on prozac. mmmmmmkay.
username do any grunenthal employees ever think about those disabled by the company's thalidomide drug or do they just take the money
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
only ring scrappy could give me is a nuvaring
disneyland. york city, careless flovent hfa matt dillon the handsome quite chewy butt mushroom pizza milwaukee, bad scads
just realized that motown music makes me think of crestor and similar drugs. thanks pharmacuetical ads. hashtag marketing
3 cups of miralax later...that's my dinner face with tears of joy
the have given jack people medicine. his antibiotic is amoxycillin and his pain relief is buprenorphine
i'm waiting for my cymbalta to kick in this morning :)
username oh def! if it gets less effective in future then keep gabapentin in mind!
officially addicted to nicotine
username mostly adderall haha
username i think that your neuro will prescrive you celecoxib - traamdol - codeine depending on your migraine since ibuprofen paracetamol
username i finally started my starter dose of humira.
username ferc approves merger of exelon and phi holdings inc. (exelon corporation)
i'm convinced that everyone who doesn't drink coffee in the morning pops an adderall instead. normal people don't wake up with that energy.
home depot works just as well as lunesta
fucking synthroid cost me $37.99. wtf
username yes, hydrate hydrate hydrate. movie night tonight and picking up some advair tomorrow
give and take antara customers dan companies. cari win-win situation. baru cenggini ha thumbs up  thumbs up  thumbs up
username it's the acetaminophen, diphenhydramine, paracetamol, codeine. ibuprofen diclofenac potassium that's saying that :p
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
what drugs do you take? well i was on lithium seroquel and abilify but i stopped taking them ha ha
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
fuck trazodone
pristiq makes my antidepressant sound sophisticated.
if you covered 1/4 of the head of a shirt pin with pure nicotine, then licked it off you would be dead within 60 seconds. super toxic chem.
username why are you taking nicotine omg??
lamotrigine was still 30-fold less that in peripheral metastases, indicative of a critical limiting role of the btb.
username and it was only because of that adderall and i was awake for mike and mike in the morning haha
username complex partial w/secondary generalized. i'm on lamictal, vimpat zonegran. max doses. not controlled but somewhat better.
if the school is going to start offering us drugs in the vending machines, let's stock up on imodium i the dining hall please.
lool@seunbule: and flagyl + levofloxacin to end it username nothing like local ewa agoyin to start the day
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hashtag trazodone hashtag withdrawls
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hashtag fibromyalgia sucks!
some 4,100 cases of people claiming femur fracture as a result of fosamax have been filed in the n.j. mdl and in state courts.
using meds like prilosec/ nexium lowers the production of hydrochloric acid, which aids the small intestine w/ digestion.
next time ima say yep and from what i can tell you show signs of manic depression and need to be on geodon and depakote
nexium 40mg. take that, love. username ulcers have made a stop over. i have no maloox and no eso kit! lemmi prepare for more pain!
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
username i'm on it because of fibroids and heavy bleeding. it's helped a lot but it's a nuvaring not no damn micro chip. lol
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
username con't seroquel is a crap drug they foist on elderly the young. used out of market for so many things. i hate drs who use
what idiot wears their nuvaring as a bracelet??? lmao
biguanides like metformin and other oha (oral anti-hyperglycemic agents) treat non-insulin dependent diabetic patients. hashtag ku1215
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
username i very much doubt those ppl are taking quetiapine as anxiety medication rather than just a sleep aid.
username also, most suboxone docs simply do not understand the pharmacokinetics of buprenorphine.
username username i’ve been reading about oral meds like eliquis and xarelto that are good alternatives to warfarin.
them victoza / risperdol commercias and the side effects they talk about be having me weak. lmfaaoo extreme vomiting tf
username this bitch literally just asked if nicotine is something you put in your eyes. hashtag whatanightmare” i just can't!! hashtag idiot
username sending tamiflu too? rumsfeld needs more $$$$...
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hashtag selfharm
for my next trick, i will pull authentic mexican cuisine out of adderall (tm).
twiddling my thumbs waiting for my lunesta to kick in hashtag bored
feeling a bit better today but far from my normal. hoping to have an answer today if my enrollment for tysabri is all done
gotta sell some xarelto today.
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
username c'mon pop another boniva and be a good sport!
username hashtag csim2013 perhaps more an argument for extending rx of unprovoked vte than an argument for apixaban
tresiba and victoza receive chmp decisions for expanded use
username what is it? steroid inhaler or albuterol? and proair, flovent etc?
username username was ok, increased my sodium valporate, he wasn't happy i sacked the olanzapine :-)
username at least i didn't try to give metoprolol to a hypotensive pt during acls megacode hashtag imresident hashtag hedidwhat?
betaseron and extavia are used for treating relapsing forms of ms, to reduce the frequency of clinical relapses hashtag multiplesclerosis
username viibryd is so amazing. hashtag changedmylife
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username username
i do the same shit everyday i have to take my latuda
username want my oestrogen to go back up to 6mg, want dutasteride and also progesterone. dont see it all happening lol!
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
this gabapentin was described like an innocous anxiety treatment, but now in practice, it's... i'm like whoah, what...
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
justice dept asks astrazeneca for brilinta clinical trial information
uk guidance = offer atorvastatin 20 mg for primary prevention of hashtag cvd where 10% or greater 10‑year risk of developing cvd (differs from nz).
got the plug on lunesta who tryna get a full nites sleep??
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
username username username in case of darvocet it was not a known side-effect until it had been in wide-spread use 4 many years. hard 2 document
antara sent dan draft
username username i almost never get attacks, but when not using flovent i lose lung capacity, efficiency, feel exhausted all the time.
username bro you're nexium lead not co lead smirking face
only 60mg of paxil a.m to 30mg temazepam p.m.. plus other meds. blarg .
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
paps is getting a tab of lyrica today hahaha we bout to get turnt
these imodium needs to kick in already.
username username username username username username i don't think exelon can help this lost soul
username i was diagnosed w/crohn's at 9 (2001) and remicade worked very well for me - i'm on humira now it's working for me, too
singing praises to loperamide the chemical buttplug
username it's cool. i explained to her the difference between methadone and buprenorphine at length. worrying about nothing.
username you are hook on to tamiflu
dear fluoxetine, please help me go through this fucking nightmare. amen.
username username username the results are in belviq twice a day had better clinical trial results than chantix.
cuddling with izzy since this seroquel is kicking in. i hope i get at least 10 hours.
username username hey juan morra, familiarize yourself with the exubera bong - looks like smoking morra juana. $mnkd hashtag compliance
you don’t have to see a shrink. there’s nothing wrong with you that can’t be cured with a little prozac and a polo mallet.
diazepam + trazodone = bliss. who needs a glass of wine? hashtag chilledout
tamiflu is a life saver
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
username loperamide might help?
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
you all may now refer to me as anita lozenge
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
update...2 weeks of miralax and fiber and emma seems better. she is eating ! :)
username i wish u were around when that sketchy nurse practitioner put me on geodon
revisiting the spiriva elephant - the elephant reminds me so much of cam its not even funny
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
im starting enbrel today? can anyone give me an idea of what to expect/ how have u all felt after taking it?- tracey
username ask your doctor about advair that's like a medical steroid to help it out
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
username such an inspiration listening to david mason and his campaign for justice for thalidomide victims, and safety testing for drugs
mosquitos are the only nicotine cessation aid i need
hahahaha so i just found a constipation medicine it's called amitiza
now see, i just tweeted about the pain i'm in and now it's gotten bad all of a sudden.  oxycodone to the rescue face with medical mask pill hyperlink
memantine add-on to risperidone for treatment of negative symptoms in patients with stable schizophrenia: randomized, double-blind,...
new york, may 2 (reuters) - nuclear power producer exelon corp will launch next week a $7
exactly. gets them hooked then shills suboxone. repugnant mt username username username username i'm suboxone certified.
adderall focalin ritalin concerta desoxyn vyvanse dexedrine strattera
was watching the news and a dispensary was shown.. it annoyed me that crestor and cymbalta were under c.. what has my life become? face with tears of joy
i'm out of lunesta so it's the only sleep remedy i have &lt;/333
username but vioxx, actos and avandia are good for you!
username also we have a ventolin inhaler that has been helpful
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
username thanks took gabapentin and tramadol it's non narcotic and us sully helps me get through the day..
it's ok miralax (laxative). we believe it works. no need for the anatomical graphic.
username did you also lol at the ventolin thing? i love kot's aphax twin obsession face with tears of joy
where the hell did this dude from the xarelto commercial find a travel agency? those still exist?
ex-div reminder for exelon corp.s trust preferred securities
… the combination of ghb, alcohol, and adderall could have caused my heart to burst. that bitch boy could have killed me.
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hashtag ibdfmlmoments hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag uc
this and adderall this morning &gt;&gt; hyperlink
rt username from earlier today: novartis' sandoz unit starts late-stage trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel hyperlink
username it happens to me to. sucks!! i got some lunesta from my dr. and it helps.
username yes i have multiple sclerosis. i have been on copaxone 10 years and have started tecfidera recently. i do very well. thanks
imma take some diclofenac since i dont feel like living w/ this(is this a good choice of words?)
a strepsils lozenge, to soothe the sore throat, and all i do is sneezing all the time -,- atchoooo~! alhamdulillah. :')
nicotine withdrawals. hashtag needasmoke
you know you're going to have a bad day when you start off having run out of coffee and prozac!
arnold - phase iii trial of controlled-release once-daily pregabalin demonstrates efficacy in fms.  hashtag acr13
i really cannot stand darvin face with tears of joy unamused face
username are you on humira
dad walks in on me cutting open my vyvanse pill pours himself some wine and walks out
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
metformin friends! does eating more help ease the pile of poo pile of poo pile of poo ?
username username try tamoxifen pregablin venalalic candersartan bendrofluozide metformin sitagliptin fentynal + others
vidalista-20 that is also called tadalafil is applied to relax muscles in men and improve blood circulation...... hyperlink
tradjenta . trade your jen until you become young.
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
b12 isn't going to do it when i am already tired.. i need adderall or focalin
//oh my god! i just imagined sanguine and meridia in the beauty and the beast outfits dancing!! *dies from laughter*
username username username username yeah, i wish it had just caused that for me, but that was 3 days of hell. boniva worked instead
username username crestor muscle problems
adderall had me tutoring my teacher.”
in desperate need of adderall
username yeah, thalid is short for thalidomide
maybe i should invest in some latuda
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
username liars. my estranged hubby is one so i know that all too well, i hope i'm wrong because suboxone is bad, too.
10 years after vioxx was withdrawn shock waves are still felt in the pv system hashtag abpievents hashtag patient hashtag safety
username can say same abt dems! obamacare took away my mom's prolia shot 4 osteoporosis! now she must pay $2,000 for 2 shots yearly! so...
sildenafil citrate on women
username username i think galfer smells like nail varnish remover. baclofen liquid smells good too. x
selectionnormalopencloseaf9 purchase nebivolol in one month you will not participate in all activities listed but will be able to accomplish
last big launch q i remember was tecfidera $biib. big beat, big guidance raise, stock down next month. unknown more import than known $gild
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
username yeay. yg block cox 2 only : celecoxib dan coxib lain ja kan. pcm block cox3 only.
belviq - trx - week 41 (symphony unadjusted)  hashtag belviq $arna $vvus $orex hashtag obesity hyperlink
i was filling a namenda script and then i forgot what i was doing.
the commercials for crestor are so annoying it's actually offensive. just stop.
anyone else seen the new symbicort tv ad with the wolves? &lt;3
apparently the dr didn't authorize my metformin refill so after today i am out of my pills argh
it is a glorious day. the dog threw up on the carpet and i just gave my kid some miralax for his constipation. life is sexy.
username you could just get nuvaring and skip it lol
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hashtag mssucks
username i really, really miss my darvocet right now.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
the only fluoroquinolone antibiotic that not need to renal adjustment is  moxifloxacin
back to the vyvanse grind tomorrow hashtag summerschool
with the amount of adderall and red bull i've consumed today i might be up for a week.
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
username i'll take a boniva
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
the miralax has worked un constipated. i've been shitting ever hour. i just blew up brent's toilet  hashtag smelly
username you (manufacturer) cannot answer questions about nexium otc, yet neither can username who markets? scoville would be sullen!
i am thankful for imodium
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hashtag needanorthopod hashtag neverthoughtidsaythat
&lt;&lt;of course i wasn't. i'm fucking dead. zyprexa wasn't going to do anything for me now, was it? besides, even if by some chance i'd been --
username i think the erlandson theremin thalidomide thongbirds would be a lovely band name, putty tat.
tonight on b&amp;b: beavis gambles. butthead reads about imodium ad. huh huh.
username username username username username in the trials apixaban has slightly lower bleed risk.
you're taking adderall for a quiz thats like popping molly for a getty username
username fly on the wings of lunesta
i'll fight yer for yer temazepam
he got a need for speed thats all the people see. i dont remwmbwr the lyrica i love tuebo the smal is fast
oxycodone is one hell of a drug. winking face with tongue
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
username try spiriva
back on the prozac and feeling gooood!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
rt username username she/he looks a little hazy...seroquel?
username its not. its just one of many forms: patch, pills, ring (nuvaring)shot (depo-provera) cervical cap username
username ciprofloxacin is overused as general antibiotic while the risk of being crippled is very real w/achilles rupture. joint weakning
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
methadone clinic lady: what's that? a muffin, juice and suboxone for breakfast? me: better than heroin for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hashtag fatkidprobs hashtag hangry
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
username they are filthy as fuck on this floor. it was a whole nuvaring….just lamping…right next to a toilet. disgusting.
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, call toll free 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol.
my vyvanse is still on. this is why i don't take it at 1pm. who wants to smoke weed or boges with me
vyvanse instantly turns you into a world class lawyer.
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
my adderrall and vyvanse came in but i lost all of my other meds fuck
thank you diclofenac sodium for keeping my back together hahaha
username ah! ask for a really big oral temazipam premed. you will laugh/sleep your way through the whole thing.
hashtag westernaf abdulkarim: i do not stop apixaban and rivaroxaban during hashtag afib ablation. username
although taking it now would run counter to my current food + seroquel = rls philosophy
oak canyon winery brings together corrupting albuterol elements and a bashful marijuana aftertaste in their 2003 pinot grigio. hashtag pangakosayo
username does joke work with imodium ?
should be taken with food: colesevelam, fenofibrate and fish oil capsules.
oh man feeling my suboxone would be a god send the bitch left now her boyfriend in my room taking my meds punk fuck
rehab is clearly a joke.... just an outlet to get suboxone
username yeah mine only gives me three refills a year of monthly symbicort like it's goddamn vicodin or something.
saxagliptin neutral on ischemic events, says savor-timi study.
ugggg latuda is not a great name for a med, just my opinion, makes me giggle saying it. hashtag justsaying
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
username username thanks viox she sucks
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
username rusty chainsaw. hashtag smackoff  hashtag lozenge hashtag trapper
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username yes mam! lol. they gave me ciprofloxacin and more vicodin. and i've been drinking water all day.
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
remember when cassie had to buy miralax because she couldn't shit?
username eep hopefully its not too hard for me :/ i'm getting put on something very similar instead called latuda
pts on alendronate &gt;3y switched to odanacatib: yr2, odn gp showed +2.7-3% hip bmd. usually on aln &gt;3y, bmd plateaus hashtag eular2013
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
took 1/3 of a seroquel and of course, once sleep comes, i'll fight it. wtf is wrong with me?! i hope for sleep until it comes. hashtag psycho
username i'm not trying to start any immature fight with you. but ask you to realize how dangerous medicine is. like cymbalta.
username the go-to guy for twitter in the poker world is username , could see if he can help you my friend! hashtag doesnthurttooask
.@kesgardner username .reid obviously needs his namenda dosage upped dramatically.  hashtag shovelready
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
username etanercept currently available&amp;has been shown to stall alzheimer's attack/my take:don't mess with nature.address own health
el burro winery intertwines poorly-filtered marijuana undertones and a brazen albuterol essence in their 1996 pinot grigio. #2014mama
ventolin makes me shake
guess i start remicade this wednesday... as long as it's better than humira i am good, even if it's a 3.5 hour treatment...
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
my asthma has been on lock by this symbicort
if i get pregnant again im suing nuvaring for false advertisment
hashtag tips. sodium alendronate belongs to the subgroup of nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates; it acts as a potent inhibitor of osteoclast.
username why did you quit covering advair diskus. only med that makes me feel like i don't have asthma. symbicort, dulera not as good.
hashtag fda is investigating a possible link between the type 2 hashtag diabetes drug saxagliptin (onglyza) and heart failure, the agency has announced
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
thank goodness. shovel news: metallica poos quite legoland papain imodium ad cher lloyd gran torino maple story. you stay at gingko weekly
username i was wondering that over the counter nexium forces people to take more pills to equal the equivalent of the prescription pills.
10 desember 2014, antara doraemon the movie atau exodus: gods and kings
made out with a slice of french silk pie tonight, and chased it with nexium and utter regret. hashtag sorryben
username username and 20 pills of lunesta if it's a pill
but merydia
got my adderall today so i'll finally be my normal self again. and i won't be so annoying and hyper sorry about that... hashtag workingonit
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
rt username the fda recently approved paroxetine (which in higher doses is marketed as the antidepressant paxil) as a... hyperlink
username yeouch. at the seroquel. i can't tolerate it, hypersensitive to most meds..
whatever you do, don't mix your latuda with your grapefruit.
lacosamide and eliprodil are other egs of antiepileptic nmda receptor antagonists.
lamictal benzedrine - conflict throes: .kdj
could somebody get this guy a lozenge?
putek rt username when lazzie learning more about fluoxetine hcl and some other antidepressants im here learning about sildenafil omg
username that's most likely because people have heard of methadone but have no idea what suboxone is. username username
ciprofloxacin has its speech circuit harmony mere chance sectors yea for instance herbaceous, graceful supplemen:
... latuda kills... listening to these side effects it will cure your bipolar by killing you.
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hashtag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hashtag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
good luck to keith toriani and matt viox playing satellite starting noon vegas time today
my sister has sildenafil citrate like ew
username lunesta is good for that. *he says because he always has to be a smart ass. he's unaware that he'll probably be the subject of -
t's breathing is bubbly-crackling :-( so have asked to work from home tomorrow and snuck into her room to give ventolin in her sleep.
username i've been on enbrel, remicade and i’m currently on humira along with methotrexate,
you break your ribs twice and next thing you know your popping once a month boniva like hashtag sallyfield hashtag brittlebetty hashtag gboyproblems
someone help fill my adderall prescription that i don't have
username username username username  that's also not dosed right. metformin is twice a day. beaming face with smiling eyes person tipping hand
don't care who knows. the cartoon wolf doctor in the symbicort commercial is pretty hot.
username username gotcha, and read it, i didn't know it was a exelon site as i am a share holder of exelon, thanks for the input
drama lipas antara elora dengan khalid face with tears of joy girls will be girls no matter how dwayne rock johson they are outside.
username social anxiety disorder big guy. google it, it's u to a tee! hashtag paxil
pop that ass like a prozac! lmao
seven missed calls? get you're seroquel mg lowered. you're getting ridiculous
username what about urinary incontinence meds as usual suspects? using aricept and ditropan in the same patient: pretty common.
username username too expensive for my ccg ... good old fashioned cheap,generic buprenorphine that disintegrates when pooped out!
mfs say yo ass need latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
username sounds like you need some amitiza confounded face
lamictal - safety shoes measures: .qxf
eleventh fart fart b&amp;b. good night. exude replica liking irritable bowel syndrome crestor meg ryan lime home with mitt rave
i'd make another sandwich and lace the mayo with miralax or benefiber
username ventolin be like... im your savior asthma girl this!!!
i dont want tamiflu !!!!!!!! where is one direction !!!!!!!
(reuters) - exelon corp said it would buy pepco holdings inc for $6
username username username username username username giving little ol' grannies 75mg bd (from memory) metoprolol was silly
username the one he's supposed to be on costs $200+ a month, so we're on flovent for now.
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
hashtag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hashtag elililly hashtag bigpharma
eliquis to keep from worrying bout afib....... no thanks...i'll worry bout that later in life if it gets to be serious
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
username i assume you mean the enbrel or humira (i think i saw his ad once, i can't recall). those reduce the effectiveness of (cont).
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
mt username inherit losartan in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy failed 2dmostrate lvmass down arrow .nxt valsartan in vanish hashtag aha14 hyperlink
.@buckeyemyeloma username yes. once weekly sq velcade is my default.
username i have literally been weaned off fluoxetine,(prozac),the last few weeks and am learning to cope without now. was on them 4 18mnths
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
together tamiflu and i are feeling as though we could conquer the world in the possibly the next week or so.
roches tamiflu for children temporarily in short supply in u.s.
username my mam said the same, he'll just give me imodium or somethin though smirking face
username does ventolin work for ebola?
username hehe thanks!! i'm happy for me too :)
0548414835 a frothy nacho aftertaste and intense albuterol essences are binded in the 2009 chardonnay from alkie vineyards. direction
levofloxacin is a miracle drugs smiling face with heart-eyes
levofloxacin tasted like death srsly
the typical college student who uses adderall without a prescription is white, male, and in a fraternity. -business insider
username (i didn't put geodon in the search terms and that came up first page.)
i like ability pill lexapro busphar sometimes depakote and some other ones i just wish they'd give me valium s and darvacet or some,thing i
jake sends me his essay on adderall to proofread. the first sentence states that adderall is currently helping him write the essay…
exactly jah..risedronat nu once a weekrt username ristonat itu actonel nyh phapros yaah !!!
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
keep that metformin and lisinopril
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
username seriously mate, it's got loperamide in it, boss for stomach pains.
hoping everyone figures out how to get me a cymbalta dose that is covered by insurance hashtag medicalprobs hashtag insuranceprobs hashtag hello
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
username username don't have symbicort but i have the albuterol inhaler. that should help.
iv narcotics in ed for pe - admit will not tolerate pain at home and will bounce back if discharged home on lovenox vs rivaroxaban hashtag saem14
pee bicycle pinochle jumbo index gordon ramsay. fart clutch cran beans the sahara buffet ace somers artistry money vesicare
gaga has imodium backstage face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
how can a country that pays a coupla billion $ annually extra for crestor over generic atorvastatin grumble about the price of sovaldi?
username username my bs? you shut the hell up you the one shading kim left n right baby you need prozac * new york vc*
if phil michelson does enbrel commercials isn’t jay cutler destined for lexapro commercials?
ice skating this afternoon with the effervescent and erudite carol moseley braun. better take a boniva in case i fall!
username temazepam trapezoids candy crush litterbox
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hashtag ibdselfie hyperlink
erica needs a throat lozenge too hashtag princesses
maybe it's time for fluoxetine.
rt username username username should try some fluoxetine dan hashtag psychology
it's crazy what you can do while your on vyvanse.
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
rt username think im gonna have to start taking my vyvanse again. my lack of motivation to do anything is scary
tell your doctor if you experiment suicidal thoughts after taking venlafaxine. wait, isn't that the reason why i started taking this shit?
username you bros wanna fix the army of meridia quest so bros can you know, play your game. hashtag priorities
my partner is fluoxetine
username username  i work with a lot of the exelon nuclear staff.  these are great people that work hard and really care.
what, one of the cautions of taking latuda is to avoid grapefruits while taking it... like wut how did they even figure that out
why couldn't remicade just work forever so i wouldn't have to shoot myself up with humira every two weeks? hashtag reflectionsinthedoctorsoffice
day 11 of hashtag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
very very pleased had my 3rd tysabri an had 4 weeks free of any symptoms been really bad since my diagnosis march hashtag delighted
may your week be short and your exams filled with lots of coffee and adderall hashtag happyfinalsweek
this week i have sat at desks with an avandia mousemat and a reductil branded stamp on them. pity no thalidamide lava lamp username
feeling better on paxil after 10 days, can't wait to see how i feel after 4 weeks! things are looking up, also been excersising going 4 walk
apixaban shows decreased stroke, decreased mortality and decreased major bleeding compared to warfarin in afib patients.
community service cancelled. i'm on vyvanse and have all the work in the world to do- but i can't bring myself to do anything ugh
username lmaoo username guys,i'm not breathing wellu need ventolin ?
username distressed is an understatement. they are that distressed they need a shrink and prozac asap
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
username love the fact that imodium is required!!
username take an oxycodone
as much as as far as change into ias out having coaching classes: viocx
hashtag camh hashtag badpharma - causes - drug-induced hashtag psychosis hashtag suicidality - hashtag prozac hashtag clozapine hashtag quetiapine hashtag paxil hashtag addiction hashtag toronto
boniva obviously doesn't mix well with white zin. hashtag sallyfield
the burns and graft are healing well. he was still obviously in pain. they've took him off paxil b/c it didn't react well to pain meds.
and fentanyl time… and dialudid time… and versed time… and oxycodone time… hyperlink
that moment when you hear kaidan alenko listing the sidr effects for humira.
can't sleep ugh! and thank god for xopenex and atrovent! ok goodnight
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
liraglutide vs exenatide: patient adherence, medication persistence and economic evaluation in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
general fosamax ~ common ambien ~ general celebrex: .mql
username is that the meridia thing
can't blame the suboxone so you have to come up with another excuse. OK hand
question of the day: does oka antara still rap?
lunch, cigarette papers and tamiflu pills brought to work by bird flu contractors at east yorkshire duck farm hyperlink
reading about ranolazine posts by username participants.. also reduces a1c as a side benifit for hashtag t2dm with angina
username i'm fine. just got my new script. daily: 4x100mg dilantin 3x20mg fluoxetine 1x40mg pantoprazole pulmicort bricanyl i'm a mess.
$abio forecasting gencaro to overtake metoprolol market worth 1+ billion. metoprolol is top 50 prescription in usa. hashtag lifestyle hashtag rich hashtag money
residual drugs in ecosystems are worldwide problem; diclofenac vultures in india username agri drugs and antibiotic resistance
(ostomax) diclofenac potassium tablet 50mg is a pain-relief medication that is co, painful menstrual periods, and general pain.
username buprenorphine
depression hurts and i'm sure cymbalta can't help me :') hashtag sigh
i'll just pop some trazodone pill pill sleeping face
username tell lyrica follow me back bruh
wow i hate chemo and enbrel so much
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hashtag notgrooy
username ashley said she ain't goin tonight. n i have to open now tomorro, friday, n saturday grrrrr. vyvanse please n thank yu lol.
u.s. authorities quiz astrazeneca over brilinta clinical trial: london (reuters) - astrazeneca is being investigated by u.s. authorit...
username i'm campaigning trying to raise awareness for copd as well as trying to raise funds for my specialist hospitals.
username sure. hmu on skype. i am very happy that viox now has a competent leader. skype: im.the.inferno        best regards mate!
username i hope i spelled miralax right
username i was drinking it and they were like that has miralax in it. face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy
username i do it do it with seroquel
username ventolin shots... still grateful for life smiling face thank god
if you're not doing anything for a few hours, take some adderall and get important things done.
crestor hashtag votetris hashtag windivergent
username i could be a respiratory speacialist lol im so lucky (*eye roll*) to have that gene and its v active. the copd is active&amp; im 15
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i need just one bottle of trazodone and a few hours alone for them to take full effect. done.
these old men in traders are talking about their inr and i assume switching from coumadin to something like xarelto or pradaxa
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hashtag cipro
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
seeing lyrica commercials make me spin into terrible and painful memories. you couldn't pay me to take it ever again.
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
exelon is throwin a pizza party for us tomorrow hashtag hellyeah
avias trial username dutasteride did not extend off-tx interval in iad. surprising but great trial hashtag urs14 hyperlink
though there was a lady in there saying she wanted to stop taking her synthroid and go all-natural and just neutral face
username seroquel is pretty heavy stuff. i would've thought you would have only gotten an ssri, not a psychotropic.
i need fucking actos oralabilify oral actos oral acyclovir oral adderall oral advair diskus inhl  weary face angry face face with steam from nose
username i am on keppra as well 3000mg a day. and now they want too switch me too lamictal but i'm unsure cause keppra is working
i have a doctors appointment today to discuss upping my prozac.....again
they put me on clonazepam and trazodone when i get pulled over they going to think i'm a drug dealer this can't be life smh ..
username as it is chuttesi chethilo pedathadu antara
username i have prozac
antara can dan can not
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hashtag scottsgiving
3rd july 1962 letter that kicks off the start of the thalidomide campaign for justice and drug control username hyperlink
username username i have ordered a couple of cases of boniva already to prepare.
that moron in the crestor ad who wears a cheerleader's outfit reminds me of repubs. and teabaggers cheering for corps.
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
rep promoting brilinta (antiplatelet for secondary prevention): morning tea- friands, chocolate eclairs and canale-creating future patients?
sibutramine can substantially increase blood pressure and heart rate in some patients
how i know the paxil is working: i insisted on taking the baby to the er because i care about him, instead of letting my husband fix it.
if i dont get vyvanse or adderall for my finals i will cry
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hashtag quetiapine
the cartoons in this symbicort commercial remind me of username art style
username thanks. i use both albuterol and tiotroprium (spiriva), but my diagnosis is end-stage, so it's just time. i'm ok with it. tks.
username gov dayton just compared medical marijuana and need for protocols to thalidomide crisis.
username not sure about greek philosophy but what about venlafaxine?
username hope you die of bone erosion. have fun taking boniva the rest of ur life
also the nuvaring goes up ur vagiddly but its squishy and flexible so its like. not even hard
that extra energy tank in maridia makes a world of difference
username username username damn it's some tens y'all actin like he got a scrip of suboxone or some
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
24hrs went from 100-0 lol jack ginger last night, albuterol flovent tonight lol
username i've never tried diclofenac on a migraine. good results?
username  if only i could get enbrel for $700: hyperlink
username and if you take boniva lol
fda approve saphris toward extravagance schizophrenia: .zzm
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
*sam just sits by, silently watching meridia with a sweet smile, utterly infatuated with the beautiful goddess*
$gild first-line combination of ambrisentan and tadalafil reduces risk of clinical failure compared to monotherapy in pah outcomes study
blythe danner get off the prolia commercial- you have an emmy for christ sake!!
when hashtag heatnation comes to play, they are better than prozac, when they don't like the side effects lol! hashtag letsgoheat
username good! but if the ventolin doesn't give u enough relief, don't wait till the morning red heart red heart red heart
lol username the iupac name for sildenafil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
funny, when markets up 200 username can't stop cheerleading the hft algo's, down 125 they're almost in tears in need of a cymbalta script
username miralax and ex lax
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
banana bread english muffin w/peanutbutter, my own bed, tons of trazodone a thunderstorm. goodnight.
username lamotrigine and clonazepam
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
they just had to give me nexium fml
username albuterol helped immediately, and cough syrup with codeine means i've actually slept.
watched xarelto commercial hashtag xarelto hashtag madmobapp
well i just bought my last pack of cigarettes. after saturday i am nicotine free.
razor blades and seroquel.
username username good to meet you username  for discussions on thalidomide art and justice from grunenthal / german govt
username fuck i could go out and sell a friggen boniva if i had to!
i can't wait until thursday i hope i get some fluoxetine and diazepam
username difference is india and world had tamiflu medicines readily available to contain but now world has none!
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
username januvia sales definitely look like they've peaked in the us, sales won't pick up even though fda said dpp-ivs are safe
miralax please stop with the love your laxative commercials. *my shit is full of hate*
username along with viagra and seroquel, on shelf in stores near you!!!
username girl my enbrel is on its way to me and i pray that it helps me enough to start running again! we can have a twitter5k!!!!
username isn't paroxetine paxil? thought it has been in the market for a long time now.
hey username have u ever used humira before?
username i'm going to put some metformin on the table, all of them are about to get diabetes!
oh, i forgot that the triage nurse didn't believe i hadn't taken my ventolin [emergency] for 2 weeks before this cough.
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
the exelon promo will be sick make sure to keep and eye out for it during the next few days
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
username username username i'd like to read them! my dr said it'll either be remicade or humira if hashtag steroidhell2014 doesn't work
the only thing that would make pizza hut more successful is if they offered imodium ad as a soft drink, and toilet paper instead of napkins.
avandia prompted tens of thousands of patients in the united states to file lawsuits against glaxosmithkline. hashtag avandia hashtag cashadvance
woman coughing fit to burst on train, commuters tutting/moving away. given she's hauling on her ventolin i suspect poor thing poorly
username but doc just put me on victoza too about a year ago. stops glucose production at night for me. hashtag bigdifference
username it's a safe drug and used widely here on civilians under the brand names quetiapine and seroquel but i've never seen +700mg!
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
is sex on suboxone a thing?
username yes, i'm on nexium now!
username i love the vioxx reference. flaws in aircraft design do not prove the existence of magic carpets. -@bengoldacre
i have officially been on enbrel for one month! hashtag yesitishelping hashtag biologics hashtag rasucks hashtag lovemynewrheumy
my asthma is haywire right now. anyone have any extra advair disks they don't need? i will be eternally grateful.
i'm going to take a low baseline dose of lamotrigine. if i become depressed i will increase the lamotrigine and also take 1.25mg olanzapine
like geodon treats some hardcore disorders. put me on lamictal. then, no weight gain or bad side effects.
username no adderall tn pensive face i gotta study for this stupid accounting test tomorrow.” feeling this so hard
username i take 30mg vyvanse. i've taken adderal focalin and vyvanse since like 3rd grade skull skull skull
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
username username my fucking god it s so cute. i want my ventolin lol
you need jesus.... or prozac
username her blood pressure bout to go all the way up, better pull out the crestor
username actonel is your cocktail? what else do you take?
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
keeping enbrel cold on a 12hr journey....not fun! hashtag alaska2014
participating in the clinical research how liraglutide work with hashtag t1d. after first week my insulin daily totals is 25% less than before.
my mg is starting to act up again. three days without b12 and gabapentin is not a good idea.
username did you finish the race? also oxycodone (not oxycontin) has a self-regulating mechanism. it has acetimophen in it which
walmart #41 4000 se green country rd bartlesville ok 74006 gabapentin $125.62 — feeling depressed
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
so it seems that if i take hashtag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hashtag day14
username just took a trazodone..incase i fall asleep while tweeting i'll say love ya n sweet dreams...that stuff hits me hard lol
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
so 25mg a day of quetiapine... anyone know if i'll notice anything in the first few days? i'm a bit scared that's all
eliquis reduces the risk of stroke by 42%. blowjobs reduce the risk by 100%
only 12 more days until i will be able to stop taking pradaxa which will remove the risk of bleeding out allowing me to resume working.
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
username that crestor commercial with the crestor fan is so annoying.
the crestor knows what's best he will put u where u need to be we fuck our own shit up tryna make our own moves  hashtag phuckyofresh hashtag bossmajor
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
username username username amazingly cost effient for our area
username oh good!!!! i hope you are feeling better!!!! i'm on tamiflu now too!!!! face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
females stay cheatin in they dreams, i keep my girl on adderall she ain't about to dream about a nigga better than me.
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
took my nuvaring off an hour ago and the pms symptoms are coming on so strong. i'm super grouchy right now loudly crying face
username the chemical name for viagra is sildenafil citrate
username i swear i needed ventolin after that username
i'm so gotdamn sick of you rt username …jesus be some virtual imodium and block these shitty lies adrian posts. amen.
times like these where it's almost 1 and i still have a paper to write and can't focus make me wonder if adderall would work.. but drugs person gesturing NO
first the killing, then mad men. jeece. i need a prozac shake with xanax jimmies.
these eliquis commercials are the worst things on tv. just awful. written by 6 year olds.
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
username are you watching the us open where phil mickelson got the eagle on 11? maybe we should start taking enbrel instead of humira...
2 cups of coffee and adderall not a good mix
tysabri time. can i just go lay in front of my fan again yet?
watch out bitches, i just need some miralax and gatorade
lunesta me bought the frozen dvd off of ebay last night and i kind of hate myself for it
thank based god for restoril hashtag illseeyouinsomnia
username username right? was prescribed boniva yrs ago 4 nothing really. read about possible side effects, dropped it, said never again!
one of example of thiazolidinediones (tzds) is risiglitazone.. fyi, avandia is it's trade name.ooooo mihmih smirking face
username lunesta is pretty safe as far as drugs go. not a psychotropic like ambien.
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
ivy league news: levaquin and nose bleeds: ...keine als das produkt. the jersey shore may specialists at cornell university plan has ...
username i have an appointment with a specialist this month. i'm off the paxil but still using xanx occasionally.
hashtag ashg14 jm tofacitinib most recent example. based on mendelian genetics.
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
amid resolutions on hashtag rahway redevelopment agency mtg agenda (6:30, hamilton stage) is presentation on 489-unit meridia brownstones
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
bupropion lexapro difference comparison $ bupropion versus effexor: understanding the role of testosterone in sexual function and…
best dream ever last night. thank you trazodone.
username i may even result to non modified metformin
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
i dont wanna talk seroquel any more. i dont wanna take nozinan either!
username $isis kynamro is partnered though, i am more excited their pipeline, particularly now in apoc3, always in smn. turning a corner.
i hope the hashtag royals have their imodium ad because they're about to get mad bum. hashtag game7 hashtag giants
username i was thinkin nuvaring but i've heard some things about it ;w;
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
mama threw out my old seroquel~ greg: has yo mama lost her damn mind! go get it outta the trash! imma sell dat shit!
liquor liver. suboxone under my tongue.
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hashtag wtf
username so scary. as a nurse i see levaquin given so much.
username absolotley! hope one day there will be one cure all anxiety pill! but yeh paxil has defo helped :) you should try it :)
the tenofovir and the emtricitabine are in combination of three a two proportions respectively.
this adderall have a nigga up
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
anyone taken restoril for insomnia? does it work? got it prescribed today for short term.
username i was quite sick yesterday, too but taking cipro now.
username i feel ya....ima depressed homicidal maniac ..hence prozac n other bs
username according to the judge iraqi flovent will bare the cost, win or lose, after all they claim to be iraqi oil username
crestor isn't good for women that are pregnant or may become pregnant. huh? that is every woman.
lyrica was just taking titty pictures at the lunch table hashtag go2016
username in study carried out during epidemic,1% taking tamiflu developed flu after contact,compared with 5% of those taking placebo.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username odd. i give blood regularly have asthma. i take symbicort ventolin.
am i the only one that wants to see dominique wilkins do a windmill dunk in that victoza prescription drug ad?
vyvanse and seroquel hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell
please please gabapentin start working. hug is off the chart right now. maybe i'll try a muscle relaxer. they leave me so sick next day tho.
username hey, thinking of switching from remicade to humira for study reasons, any major downsides to humira? :3
e e but oseltamivir is so expensive
maybe username should try a lunesta for his sleeping problems hashtag emabiggestfans1d
username username it's exelon what did you expect?
username yeah i'm ok. maridia isn't too bad. it's just backwards in 100%.
zyprexa lilly 4115 ohh mis(!)
new metformin combination medicine approved for type 2 diabetes
username yes totally. psych prescribed me quetiapine to help hashtag bpdchat
q. rofecoxib is selective cox-2 inhibitor that possess ………heterocyclic ring system. a) furan-2-one b) pyrazole c) isoxazole d) imidazole
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
just a guess but if all those side effects about latuda are correct {and that's what the company admitted} it's not right for anyone
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
username that's what cipro is for. levaquin should be a last resort. confused face
username taking 3200mg of gabapentin a day yes tests weekly but no cure per 7 specialists
studying when not on adderall is sorta hard for me cause i always end up playing pokemon and it takes me like a hour to finish an assignment
$ampe optina results right behind ampion and they will derail eylea sending ampe shares through the roof and $regn crashing.
holy shit too much hydrocodone and trazodone whoa
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
ok. ok. tahan. celebrex and tramadol wearing off already. pain incoming. next dose of lyrica and tramadol needs to be afternoon. tahan.
my vlog videos about latuda got the ads taken off, wtf why?
username i will get you aliskiren for your birthday.
username username 1. waldo's twin brother. 2. your stalker made it to create another method of seeking your attention. 3. zyprexa!
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
enbrel liver grind the gong show
do not take latuda if you are currently taking boniva, gribula, quilingo, nobaski, chezango, pulifta, or hummina hummina.
username haha true. i saw someone who had a $0 valsartan and wanted $80 diovan...
good news: namenda made huge improvements on my hashtag crps hashtag rsd
nonspecific fosamax ~ general ambien ~ basic celebrex: .mjh
rt username is it like dangerous to fall asleep with a throat lozenge in your mouth?
username .....then there's always rx's like ambien, lunesta or trazadone .....they're all potent sleep aids. they work
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
ventolin - i love you! red heart
thank you username for all the work put in to make it possible for me to take my hashtag enbrel weekly! i'm a patient with # psa username
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
need that adderall plug to survive through finals week sleepy face
went grocery shopping this am, since we are boycotting everything, all i got was bread, juice miralax hashtag gcwayday
username i take seroquel too! i used to take klonopin but i switched to xanax and then to ativan
but what is vioxx though?? i guess i'll never truly need to know
username cipro and flagyl are the absolute worst. like taking rat poison.
apixaban - pt is even more unreliable than for rivaroxaban. hashtag asra14
is it lunesta how im just dying to be him
rt username hashtag fda rejects hashtag bayer’s hashtag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hashtag pharma #…
username - for you forever username - antara air
username i find i can just about tolerate olanzapine, but i worry about developing diabetes, i absolutely hated clozapine though!
dominique wilkins doing victoza commercials now?
username my dr writes crestor for cholesterol insurance pays for generic lipitor. i have a choice - one i pay for - ins. pays for other
the thing is, if i don't take melatonin, tylenol pm, or lunesta im not sleeping. i.e. this moment right now
not answering lyrica phone call she needa learn how to turn her ringer on them she wouldn't be returning calls constantly.
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
.@drmarytbassett makes case for username treat act overdose prevention act to expand buprenorphine naloxone at username talk
this pharmacy life !! sildenafil for a dog?? whyyyh
i wonder if i make a facebook group if i can get people to believe thalidomide thursdays is an actual night.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username side effects to diclofenac seem to outweigh any advantages, which can be supplemented with other drugs. why produce it at all?
ventolin suck out all my energy.
don't do drugs!!! that's dangerous!  here,have some paxil or xanax or vicodin or vioxx or celebrex or zyprexa :d  hashtag medical hashtag facts
username no buprenorphine shots? ;)  sounds awful, quick recovery.
username you've got me listening to metroid music at work. omg the maridia theme. omg. oommmgggggg.
why does symbicort cost $200. excuse my asthma
made a smoothie with metamucil, prune juice, butterscotch candy, boniva fear-of-the-new for the vmas. gone curmudgin'
believe. only you can change your own destiny. - lozenge magus [ oracle think tank (cardfight vanguard) ]
username it's not a narcotic, so you won't see the immediate effects or get that messed up feeling, it's like paxil, works over time
username nice to know, still not out of 2nd relapse, got to give tysabri a go i think, just scared about the brain virus.
i think i'm an expert on thalidomide now, it's brought up every single damn time stereoisomers come up....which is a lot!
focalin's active ingredient is dexmethylphenidate hydrochloride and vyvanse is lisdexamfetamine dimesylate
prozac valium.lipitor. .prilosec.crestor to name a few ..can cause enlarged male breasts
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hashtag ibs
rt username effexor has meth-like substances.
username hashtag klmtoamsterdam would love to go. always pack essential medicines paracetamol, ibuprofen and imodium for example.
big government will be necessary in the future, just so someone can administer all the paxil we'll need before we can even discuss politics.
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
i took temazepam and valium but still feeling the same way hashtag fml
serious question: has anyone on here ever taken vanlalic/venlafaxine? having some weird side effects and want to know if they are normal.
studies show tamiflu shortens duration of flu by less than 1 day and does not reduce hospitalizations. cost = $100. hashtag notworthit
username get on advair if you can! that stuff is a miracle.
username don't know what i'll do if i can't get me some nexium
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hashtag ibs
username i have a spare boniva if you need it.
crestor fired the spaz and now has a commercial with la cucaracha.  still lame.
is waking up 5pm honestly that rare? username i need a lunesta hyperlink
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hashtag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hashtag onglyza ht…
running to the store to get heartburn pills, imodium and beano. every bottoms friend. hashtag gay hashtag truth hashtag lol
username new plan is take venlafaxine and nothing else till hear from specialist. no sleeping pills, or pain relief, just see..
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
anybody have an advair disk they're not needing/using anymore? just asking. msg me. hashtag notpaying$350becauseofmycrappyinsurance
username username username username lol wow maybe it's good i'm not in there i just took my nexium lol
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hashtag govthealthcare
xanax and seroquel i'm still awake...
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
username lovely. have xylometalazine for acute and fluticasone for chronic but do not want rebound congestion.
username good...ra is doing okay, i just need to remember to pick up my prescription this evening! hashtag humira hashtag rheum
neurologist verdict is less viibryd and probable ptsd. starting with a psychologist for cbt and better ptsd drugs. along with neurologist.
rt username expecting increased concerns from patients on hashtag victoza hashtag byetta hashtag januvia following hashtag dispatches on username tonight.  …
i want vyvanse in my life right now.
laying here at 3am thinking, ohh my hips hurt! tired face i can't wait to take my enbrel tomorrow. hashtag rheum
persaingan sengit di antara fahmi dan mal. but fahmi nail it! he got the look,face and voice.omg♡ hashtag mentorlegend
username  please have lacinda call attorney for heirship re avandia claims toll free 855-397-3445 ask for joe
username tell him to get on victoza
hiv mutations mnemonic king edward made lowe level peasants, king's top quidditch referees k103n : efavirenz m184v: lamivudine l90m : pi
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” face with open mouth imma try it
username look for baby lunesta next to baby tylenol at a drug store near you!
just listening to music..its my nicotine.
username wow! you are a dedicated volunteer. it was a fun event last yr. we were sorry to miss it. do you go to the boniva event?
username but i haz albuterol, fluticasone, and salmeterol for yooh. maybe theophylline too &lt;3
username good luck, sweetie! ;-) ive done good w tecfidera so far. way btr than those damn betaseron injections! :'(
day 1- first dose of metformin taken. not feeling sick yet.
i would totally party with xarelto bob. he's a rebel! tell that gps i don't think so! xarelto bob. bad ass...
there is a growing trend toward use of combination of sorafenib + hashtag chemoembolization in hashtag hcc. - dr. geschwind hashtag wcio2014 hashtag tace
does anyone know if fluoxetine capsules are big, like i manage to choke on melatonin
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
username username username lol karp's weak-ass position. exubera was longer than my arm. mannkind is also worth technosphere
ah, i remember those days!! rt username just had my 46th infusion of tysabri go-go juice. ooh-rah!!!
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
5- si utilizas seroquel, symbicort,atacand, nexium crestor, brilinta de lab.aztraeneca ven a farmacias el sol hashtag globalsocialmediagroup
holy shit. my symbicort inhaler is $230???!!!! with insurance???? fuck that.
username doc says i'm backed up; told me to take some stool softener. will do miralax tmrw night if no change.
hashtag ens2013: prof comi presents hashtag msresearch poster on safety of switching from tysabri to username username
the adderall has me feeling cyclone
rt username username savor trial fails to meet primary ep, superiority of dpp-4 diabetes drug hashtag onglyza
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
somebody. anybody. please bring username a vyvanse.
i have vyvanse so i can take them, not so i can sell them to everyone and their fuckin brother. damn
*overly dramatic tweets about how i feel after my first sleep with seroquel*
username i'm pumping ventolin too much really. also on alvesco as a preventative never mind it will ease off over next few days x
you're the reason i'm still here? no, you're the reason i'm on prozac. get your shit strait.
username get some imodium down ye. it's the best friend of those with the runs,gays and anal sex fans
username lmao! bro i can't find adderall here or vyvanse i need 2 come back2 the states :( haha
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
it's a reality check seeing dominique wilkins on a victoza commercial. it sure isn't 1990 anymore.
so yes i am a 27 year old with shingles. ow. i wouldn't wish this pain upon anyone pensive face but enjoying my codeine throughly
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hashtag fuckms
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
4th place goes to glaxosmithkline's ($gsk) asthma standby ventolin hfa, with 17.74 million us prescriptions
username my current mix is remicade, imuran and ciproflaxin. doc talked about switching to humira
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
barner: recent additional approval for pradaxa confirms benefit-risk ratio two new trials initiated (re-spect esus and re-dual pci) hashtag biapc
being a bestie is enough. inshaallah. lau ade jodoh antara kita we'll be more than a bestie
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
username username username for bipolar, tramadol, gabapentin baclofen for pain spasms
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
watching this ad for victoza is making me laugh. it spent the whole commercial listing its numerous risks, and there was hardly any benefits
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
username username username incredible 50 year story of all the thalidomide survivors, their families and their supporters
username this is serious jay,i am sure you know. my daughter had double pneumonia in 2007, took levaquin and other meds to clear, hashtag recover
username username only just starting to kick in as buprenorphine blocks it. last night was the first sleep i got since sunday.
username 》re straightforward sleeping pills? zopiclone, zolpidem, temazepam etc, to use occasionally or short term? x
you burp with calvin coolidge. you step on imodium ad. you stay at the vin diesel resort. good night.
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
username i know.. i know.. mad bastard this one.. any seroquel? ?
username username username username username username currently on cimzia but had it with humira, enbrel too
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
suboxone is a pathetic drug that just has bad shit radiating all around it
darkcoin apricot moron enbrel we eat muffins horse ebooks insert how. odor. kodak. spongebob butt pong pong
i will rape tyler the crestor
username username username (1/2) methadone and suboxone and that kind of thing does have its drawbacks. but in general the superior
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
username username well you can work on that yeah im on nexium so hope so.
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hashtag ra hashtag rheum
username 400mg efavirenz non-inferior to 600mg and with fewer adverse events! hashtag hivglasgow yes, finally!
username exubera anyone? $mnkd will follow the same fate...why would this time be different..btw pfizer discntnued due to poor sale
im just finna change the color of ya nuvaring
woot! new battery. my first battery replacement since i got the car in 2003. now i can make it to my next tysabri infusion next week. ^_^
supposed to leave 2 hours after celebrex to take anarex. heck care taking it now. tramadol and lyrica already taken.
and thanks to the doctor ppl for giving me oxycodone for the pain
username life is tough, cymbalta can help.
so i did the meridia thing while a dragon was about and i also noticed that you can run away from her if you want to
username username unwell on this as a sole stabiliser so was either the lithium or the quetiapine. as lithium was not at a
username username username username username username maybe now viox van progress to a good clan
oh also advair can cause eye problems like glaucoma
world series nuvaring hashtag sexybaseball
username unamused face i cnt tweet lyrica now?
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
username username i suffer badly and take pregabalin which helps - was on lots of gabapentin but pregabalin seems better dm me
username out my review on the fluoxetine is april 2014 so i should be ok for another year
username username username maybe with a coach like this the team doesn't have all the blowups they've had under lozenge boy?
olanzapine, the worst mental health medication iv ever taken.
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hashtag seroquel
saxagliptin in t2dm+ckd similar w overall savor results- saxa neither incr or decr cv death/mi/ischemic stroke w similar inc risk of hf hosp
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
ge hitachi awarded nearly $300 million in outage services and fuel contracts by exelon ...
username i just told my 3 kids grab the albuterol inhaler n puff puff pass til we get home 2 the nebulizer hashtag feelbettersoon hashtag symbicort
username i'm going to open a suboxone clinic
hashtag pauladeentoday matt got her good by making her confirm she said it once. hashtag victoza when she was paid, then she announced diabetes hashtag cash
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
username (but honestly? an upped synthroid dose is gonna help lots.)
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hashtag arthritisprobs
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
$arna has patents in play for hashtag diabetes indications. hashtag belviq lowers hba1c by ~ 0.9% points vs placebo. metformin ~1.1%; januvia ~0.7%.
if u aint got a lozenge, use some lime juice and swish it around or use rum or lime and honey
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
username username pharmaceutical e.g.lets lie vioxx even has heart benefit for jama article so sell mroe since we have ocd greed. boo
i think we can all agree that dexmethylphenidate doesn't have shit on dextroamphetamine salts
a pet peeve: people calling wikipedia wiki and gabapentin gaba. (gabapentin is not even gabaergic despite the name. :-p)
username forgot to share numbers, marsh #64, viox #89! two more elder boys keeping it going. go bears!
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
username username username exelon is your friend hashtag oupas
strong sad would totally be the h*r universe equivalent of a brony but the show would be about depressed horses on prozac or something
lol no wahala rt username username lol no p,i'll come but will keep my ventolin inhaler incase of incasity.
username you said they gave you seroquel or am i misreading?
glad i finally got trazodone to help me sleep at night and migraine meds
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hashtag help hashtag spoonie hashtag spoonieproblems hashtag ra
username yo i got a bio exam wednesday. what's good with some adderall homie ?
thank god for trazodone.
username 20 metformin tabs , 20 aspirin tabs , 8 paracetamol tabs , 10 vit. b tabs
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
oh wait.... you had to get free suboxone to get off the china??? you rat
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hashtag txfreestyle hashtag barrdout
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
shouldn't of taken so much seroquel lastnightt cuz diz nigga be out cold
username yeah! my mom had good insurance haha, i don't think i've ever used that. i like albuterol a lot, it works good after...
username not really. mostly prilosec, nexium and synthroid. my med passes on 3-11 were wayyy bigger
need to know  - % of patients on dialysis, if any - country/site breakdown and caveat: rct funded by industry pregabalin in hashtag rls in@nejm
boxing penis dosing of waldorf shanghai vixx cow applecoin stewart. buzz. pizza squad wrestle imodium ad garry robots. you stay rayon adidas
anyone had experience with lynica or gabapentin nerve drugs, specialist advised me to try but i'm hesitant....
you don't need a prescription for starvation, and it could solve way more problems than paxil.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
brief-astrazeneca says jury verdict favours az in nexium litigation  hashtag news
username i see my neuro on friday and i am going to talk about stopping tecfidera and getting onto tysabri
$mrk merck co agrees to settle lawsuits over fosamax jaw injuries
vesicare idyllic for emma stone. while using basic gorilla papillon hepatitis delicious 1000 in wells farto star is phil donahue nippy
if you think this is bad wait till i’m actually a practicing doctor i’m gonna be raving about rectal suppository diclofenac every night
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hashtag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
username and a contributing factor was that she took synthroid :^)) the pill im taking. although she didnt have metabolism/thyroid issues
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
username i need nicotine
garrison keillor surgery garrison: if it's simply an enlarged prostate have your md prescribe avodart before you let him cut you up.
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
username crappo really neuro pain a pain and doing changeover from gabapentin to pregabalin plus amitriptylene.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username username thanks for your support and guidance today, at the thalidomide survivors art exhibition username
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
i love coffee because it's cheaper from prozac. hahahaha hashtag justkiddin
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username pink saphris sounds so pretty--could be a fragrance name. ;)
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hashtag cantsleep
username username he won't even allow kanye lyrica to come over so they're still in storage cause they'll take up the whole bed face with tears of joy
so lets get this straight, i went from self medicating with medical marijuiana for bipolar to: saphris for mania which led me to take an...
cymbalta can help. rt username the truth hurts.
username username issue was actually criminal negligence - pharma grunenthal hid evidence + agrressively marketed thalidomide = it knew risk
nexium or denexiom or zoidex
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
username username remember when we went to play bingo and i was high on oxycodone because my kidneys suck? thx 4 not killing me
hashtag promoteaproductwithtvormoviequote who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? - crestor
steve byrne's premise for shorting $mnkd was 1. exubera failure 2.small market share 3.safety issues ????
rt username unfollowers hurt, cymbalta can help
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hashtag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
boston federal judge slims nexium antitrust case against astrazeneca, two generic companies, strikes theory of generics colluding together
well-played, walmart: nexium next to the bbq sauce.
just saw an 18 year old indian boy pick up januvia and diamicron !!! hashtag poorguy hashtag soyoung fearful face pensive face
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
username oh of course, we'll start our day off with some boniva :)
brb. depleting the worlds supply of fluticasone proprionate.
username i agree with you on mass drugging through water supply etc but am perplexed why i'm still feisty on fluoxetine?
i have the worst heartburn can we say nexium
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
why is the pristiq commercial only women?
username could use some prozac. people with bunny ears
username we need as much information about the denizens of new orleans as possible and davina once lived among them. meridia replies-
username she was on nexium daily for about a yr and just got taken off of that.
username i don't even get that precious boniva this year
username take meclizine if you feel nauseous, or loperamide if you gots da poops.
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
username username username i once had a wardrobe (bought specifically for the purpose) holding 300 spiriva inhalers.. do the math!
username hi rahat, i just noticed that you're on pregabalin as well, i have been on it for 5yrs, and now up to 600mg a day. like you
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
well it's been a shit day went for my tysabri after 4attempts couldn't access the port so home i went with a banging headache!how's ya all
identification and characterization of stress degradants of lacosamide by lc–ms an hyperlink
username if naproxen not helping much, ask doc to swap to diclofenac. i can’t take either now, but when i did, diclofenac much better
medicare patient with ra. monthly out of pocket for enbrel $500. monthly out of pocket for infliximab (remicade) $0.
oooopsies! consultant pharmacist just recommended levofloxacin for a patient who presented with fitting. hashtag facepalm hashtag holbycity
username no blanket orders allowed. ventolin, proair proventil r not ab rated to each, therefore no brand exchg@ericalee87 username
username yay! (although it it doesn't i probably have an unexpired ventolin i could drop off?)
username i'm going back on the nuvaring for this reason.
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
if alex jones turns out to be right, i'm going to take prozac and off myself.
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
these humira commercials are so dramatic.
caffeine&amp;nicotine
spotlight update 3-astrazeneca touts independence as nexium drug keeps on giving: london, nov 6 (reuters) - astrazeneca, which saw of...
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
nexium for like 3 months
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
username ive been on actemra w/ mtx for 11 mths which works reasonably(not 100%)before that enbrel and cimzia w/mtx which didn't work at all
username username username many thanks for this. does that include drugs like varenicline and buproprion or are they separate?
starting baclofen today....weeeeee hooooooo! bring on some relief! hashtag mssucks hashtag painsucksmore hashtag musclespasmsouch
rt username take tysabri? live in cambridge/birmingham area? happy to do media interview? we'd love to hear from you. pipe up. get in …
humira and xelijanz are used for which condition? hashtag medicine hashtag health a. rheumatoid arthritis b. vericose veins c. infections d. learn at...
rt username even when i have nothing to do i feel like i should take my vyvanse so i don't feel so worthless hashtag unproductive hashtag vyvanse…
who the hell would pick the name latuda for a medication? sounds like la spanish for la fart. hashtag worstnameever
username nah you don't, kelly has gone in and kicked up a shitstorm and got me ventolin before. they can look up your records and see
username wanna know what's funny. i left my damn trazodone at home so i can't fall asleep. i knew you'd understand because we're the same
can't wait to get back in those dwemer ruins tonight with my meridia guildies for motif hunting! contact me in-game if you want to join!
norfolk coroner recommending toxicology testing to include pregabalin and gabapentin in ? drug related death. good result; tragic death
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
but the biggie to prevent cogn. decline is namenda - fdaapproved only 4 early onset alz; she sez should be off-market rx'd to everyone at 65
username nexium
username username wish i had, lol! steroids and pregabalin and conspiring against me. s'not fair. x
username haha this is in the leg and stomach. humira
i swear i can be holding a vyvanse and it will get up and walk away from me wtf
username flovent is awful!!! i hated being on that
username its levofloxacin or leflox. i dun wanna see anybody ruining da medication names -_-
i think the keyword in the xarelto commercial is bleeding. long, unending bleeding.
that bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds like a black chick from the hood
username hashtag myboyfriendnotallowedto vent to other female ? wtf she aint dr.phil nor a therapist ? depressed ? get cymbalta.”
at work today, some woman tried to argue with me for 10 minutes that synthroid is sooo generic.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
double booked - tattoo + tysabri on the20th,who knew that it was possible to double book 2lots of torture hashtag fud hashtag iwantmytattoomorethantysabri
username take nexium
username painkiller of choice, rest, lots of fluid! might want to see a doc to be sure it it's viral, not something else. can give u tamiflu
84,000mg of keppra, and 168,000mg vimpat later, i'm still alive and kicking to turn 19. thanks big pharma.
if you have depression you should take this medicine but watch out the leading side effect is suicidal thoughts -cymbalta commercials
username do you know what was the drug on the control arm ? was it valsartan , which had issues of its own ?
pristiq doll tapping that ass
username it wouldn't be a necro action figure without those features. the meridia special release is just a bag of ash with an eye.
lunesta in hand: it's true, i'm a snob when it comes to crackers. hashtag picky hashtag only2kindsiwilleatifihaveachoice
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
i swear, pristiq commercials are absolutely amazing
username we figured no one needed any free samples of brilinta so you got candy instead!
of music, except 70's. imodium ad penis flintstone kodak. autopia luciano huck herself brush performs a just farted duncey
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: final vote does data support approval of spiriva respimat? 10-3 in favor
username hashtag targetpharmacy need some advice from pharmacist about large doses of vit. d and calcium for osteo, can't take the risedronate
it's worrying to find that so many people in the defense force being prescribe quetiapine to treat ptsd.
company going through painful period as advair slides
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
just saying, they once considered thalidomide safe too. we know that it sure as hell isn't. hashtag statins
us senate finance committee releases report on gsk's avandia
username i am horrified and cry laughing and now i need ventolin
username this is my life lamictal, vivance, xanax, bystolic in the morning, elavil, zolpidem xanax at night avg 45min deep sleep at night...
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hashtag trazodone pill
username oohhhh. ok. why you don't just get a nuvaring ?
username its actually under my company's rate. actual price 1k plus per night. kalau nak, kena pergi antara 1 march 2015 - 31 oct 2015
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
temazepam plz
username pregabalin is supposed to help me it does a little but not much! just put up with it like u hun x@redheadnut username username
*pops vyvanse* smh
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
make money are jufran and poo. dexilant
so… are these victoza commercials supposed to justify dominique wilkins' performance at all star weekend???
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hashtag diazepam hashtag baclofen
nuvaring ok? rt username men, stop giving your girl rings and getting her hopes up. talking bout promise rings and friendship rings.
work 7 to 2 tonight then leavin for the airport at 530 thank god for vyvanse
when you see a commercial for symbicort and realize you need to get back to studying respiratory physio...
username wanna buy some miralax w me ?
perrigo receives final fda approval for diclofenac sodium topical solution 1.5% w/w
10. stood on stage? in school auditoriums, yes 11. been depressed? i'm a 2 prozac a day kind of depressed 12. smoked? i have bad lungs
the number of fosamax cases filed in the country against merck, the maker of fosamax, has continued to grow. se habla espanol.1.888.520.5202
the pharmacy was out of pills so i had to get the liquid tamiflu and oh nymgod that was awful
rt username thanks to username for a great username on hashtag glp1 treatments and exposing the scary weightloss drug hashtag victoza
the fuck kinda shit is latuda
on a negative note my pizza tastes like ventolin inhaler.
and deff don't add ambien or latuda with that bc woow
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
username username i hope it works. i haven't heard much about tecdidera. aubagio is a once daily pill too. nice change from needles.
well mines meridia bitch so i'm in the clear ! clapping hands
check this site out for great sildenafil deals
username one that people always use as an example is vioxx , it was known to be dangerous but still sold
username i finally gave in and bought nexium for 24 hour relief. dh i went through a costco size bottle of tums in 3 weeks:/
you can get a med card, but your job can fire you for it. would you rather have your worker fucked up on oxycodone or just stoned?
despite having abilify in my system, i felt so uncontrollably energetic without viibryd and vyvanse that i worked out a sweat!
ah, yes. the rule about cipro and sun  hashtag oopsie
audio: effects of thalidomide 'were horrific'
okay.. that pill commercial for crestor is thee most annoying thing i have ever watched. holy shit.
hashtag aquarius examined effects of aliskiren on progression of coronary hashtag atherosclerosis in hashtag cad prehypertension - s nicholls hashtag esccongress2013
so down to 1 metformin tab a day now.
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
i really hope the guy in the tamiflu commercial shrunk back to normal size....but i guess we'll never know.
username i take crestor just watched a bit of the commercial on u-tube, never saw it before or really block out commercials in my head.
dabigatran is removed by hemodialysis. rivaroxaban abixaban are not.
my boyfriend just saw a twink soundhound hey, ya, so i'll take a boniva and a frond of hemlock, please.
i got some oxycodone or whatever you call em...
no way possible i couldve failed that math final i studied for 30 minutes and popped an adderall plus it was easy das a good trio right ther
username i'm on metformin and sitagliptin but i'm ok with those. i hope you have better luck with sulfasalazine side effects than i have x
username thanks for helping viox with the kenworth
i don't even know what a nuvaring is but it sounds funny
hashtag pittmpnc metformin more effective at treating insulin resistance than ocps in women with ocps
username wow, thnx for that, not flouride, but fluoxetine.
do any hashtag pots pts have experience with symbicort for airway (not pots)? hashtag potsprobs. hashtag spoonies, please rt
im gunna o.d on my paxil tonite
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
mildly unhappy guts. will take imodium and head to bed.
username i bet it did, need some cymbalta? turn that frown, upside down.
i seriously can not wait for thursday!!!getting my tysabri treatment!holla!
after that commercial... i'm not sure eliquis is a very effective drug... side effects sounded just awful haha
rt username continued hashtag etanercept tx reduces work activity impairment in rheumatoid arthritis hashtag ra, per username study hyperlink
me ? suboxone and tomato juice.
username theoretical risk, based on tysabri
username the early bird got the worm because he took vyvanse.” username
tim, was born in meridia spain, 10/31/1969
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hashtag pcos
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
username chiiiiiiiillll man *puffs out nicotine vapor*
username once a saudi health worker at madinah airport stuffed cipro in my mouth without caring to ask about allergy or immunization
username get that imodium ready
taking steps. insurance. no job. school. pa to manage meds 1/2/month. found psychol. but not covered by ins. ww. gym. lamotrigine. upped mg.
hey sally field - wanna know what reminds me we're all human? it's not movies - it's your boniva commercials hashtag oscars
username in the prevention studies, tamiflu reduced incidence of flu among the people in contact with a flu patient. hashtag fluscenario
bortezomib is getting a lot of attention at the meeting!
$bdsi smart, improving delivery of proven drugs a low risk strategy. suboxone success makes me think injectable has shot vs. say vivitrol
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username what have you tried? i did lyrica and it knocked me on my ass. gabapentin has been great.
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
love having to whip out my albuterol inhaler when i'm sick beating heart
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hashtag ozsleep
username people are being bombarded with children of thalidomide type scare-mongering. but science *cannot* be overturned like this.
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hashtag humira hashtag rheum
i just need nicotine
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
username what is the work of metformin in polycystic ovarian
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
username heard the inhalers like advair are about $300 or more these days. that is exorbitant since it is the hashtag seniors who mostly use it.
username max needs a tiny ventolin puffer :-(
that guy on the bowling team in the crestor commercial is a jackass
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
gonna need a tractor trailer full of red bull and 10,000mg if adderall to get me through this week
the next time y'all see me i'm going to be on a cymbalta commercial.
prolia side effects increase risk of low-trauma fractures: public citizen hashtag fosamax hashtag news hashtag warningsandstudies
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
gz looks like he's on paxil or something. hashtag hlnzimmermantrial
i really want to discuss tysabri with someone! why is there no ms society here :'( :'( hashtag dies
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
the tamiflu commercial with the mini phone is hilarious
i'm infusion tysabri. my monthly fillup!!
username can i take that with prozac? i'm bipolar
anyone need vyvanse? 60mg text me if anyone needs it.
username hashtag cillaxin? is that a new medicine of some kind? like amoxicillin? or ciprofloxacin? ;-)
knocking a nuvaring out is a gallant feat....
buried philly: exelon plant, up for sale, built atop historic navy, fire sites (philadelphia inquirer)
username username bring me ventolin
username username i use pregabalin which is similar and i do find it really good.lyrica and keppra.
entomophobia and fluoxetine go hand in hand hashtag crazytown
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
username i've been taken them somewhat regularly. it was the effexor i wasn't taking. and prob wasn't good idea to take full dose-
ok, i'm pretty sure that missing 2 doses of fluoxetine (pure disorderliness/schedule fail) was responsible for my joint pain.
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hashtag asthmaprobs
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
amsc...25% = 2.00 x 2.01 &gt;&gt; exelon unit comed in pact with amsc for chicago cable system.
username geodon is now available as a generic. many have come back from disability to much improved functioning with geodon.
i need to stop the vyvanse that shit can fuck with your head
c. ho: ongoing trial w valsartan in humans w hcm hashtag nsgc2014
username not to b too personal but do u have ra? my wife does and on enbrel for 6 weeks. still n lots of pain how long b4 relief?
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
sally field is so high on fucking boniva right now. or is it sativa? i don't know anymore.
does anyone have any experience of humira (self-injection) and/or infliximab (infusions)? is either one better than other? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnies
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
next time the commercial is on for victoza please listen to all the side effects. death in a bottle.
rosuvastatin does it better, lipid lowering drug username lemon juice with a pinch of salt (warm) every morning lowers cholesterol
capone bros vineyards binds chunky albuterol essences and a surreal rose perfume in their 2007 white zinfandel. hashtag doğangörünümlüşahin
username try loperamide to bind it up whike flagyl treats it. take a dose aftee every movement. don't eat. ndo
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
username dude, you need a new doctor. did you at least get your lyrica rx?
was saving the temazepam for a point in time where its absolutely necessary. that time has now come. see you all in 12-18hrs.
username they must make lunesta for children, hahaha. omg my kids need that.
hello baclofen you are my friend
username username amitiza lol
#90's throwback face with tears of joy  watching boy meets world! sitcoms aren't what they used to be. cory and topanga ring two hearts and lunesta is great.. hashtag seepynaptaim zzz
username i saw a commercial for tamiflu today. i thought of you.
username username do u got 10 for gas i'll pick u up and we can go see meridia lol
oseltamivir zanamivir can decrease the efficacy of the live attenuated flu vaccine.
username i honestly don't drink more than once a year (don't like to) but with my cymbalta trazodone, i shouldn't drink.
username tecfidera can lower wbc as well. i get bloodwork quarterly particularly focusing on wbc. have you been tested for jc virus?
today a nurse is coming to my house to help me with my first injection of enbrel and then off to the vet to talk about aries
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
seroquel is about to knock me outt relieved face OK hand
i was in bed 7 hours ago yet i'm still up loudly crying face i need some fuqqin lunesta
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
by 2013 401 pml cases w/ tysabri use worldwide. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
i get separation anxiety if i'm away from blankie for more than an hour and i have to whip out the klonapin and seroquel hashtag panicattack
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
username oh wow, yeah i bruise easily too. those practice pens (i was on humira for a while.)
the best advertising for boniva ever. hashtag sallyfield hashtag oscar hashtag getitgurl
whos meridia smith lol my name is meridia lynn breda !!!!!!!
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
username username when infection is chronic, cipro can absolutely cause damage.
goodbye citalopram.. nice knowing you for the past 6 years... hello fluoxetine :)
rt username just say no to hashtag camh=no to hashtag labatt hashtag beamish hashtag mccain hashtag pizza hashtag prozac hashtag paxil worst hashtag pusher hashtag humantrafficking hashtag onpoli http:/…
username depression hurts. cymbalta can help.cracking the fuck up!!!!
i've had a lot of adderall this morning it's gonna be a weird day stay tuned
username ah. i was about to ask if you had ever taken neurontin but then i saw that the primary ingredient was lactose.. so...no.
i'm soo depressed cymbalta couldn't help me .
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
in tears already watching the programme about thalidomide crying face broken heart
username shame on gsk for not recognizing flovent is used by pets for asthma. they won't help make it affordable to use for ailing pets shame!
username i have adhd and i was prescribed adderall but my mom doesn't believe in pills, so she takes them from me. if i want adderall
username lol. just about trazodone time. goodnight. zzz
$insy insys says on track to submit nda for dronabinol oral solution; now intend to file ind for sildenafil for erectile dysfunction in 2014
if you have bi polar depression you should take latuda altho it may cause a increase in suicidal thoughts
username meridia crt, stratford. lift broken down since jun. please fix this before someone collapses trying to reach their flat.
username mothers against spiriva sales
are effexor xr and regular the same thing because i just got my refill, and they refilled it with regular instead of my usual xr.
username imodium the world doesn’t have the same ring to it.
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
jesus be a throat lozenge!!! hashtag novoice
username less than 1 hur later another tamiflu commercial on amc.
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
username welcome home hunnie, want some tea with that olanzapine ?
trihexyphenidyl = anticholinergic = ttt of&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; epse rivastigmine = acetylcholinesterase inhibitor &gt;&gt;&gt; cause epse hyperlink
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
anyone know anyone who takes gabapentin or lorazepam?
username me relax ~ miralax
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
because pradaxa affects the pathway very far down the cascade it is difficult to reverse it by adding other factors. hashtag inacep2014
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
username username confused! we will see soon what dr. khan has got to say about this anti-psychotic drug, quetiapine. night!
username i'm on codeine, loperamide and an antibiotic (only just got it tonight and can't remember its name). fun, fun. or not.
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hashtag noshame hashtag wheresthepoop
i would like an elephant following me around like on the spiriva commercial ...
username and a crestor chaser?
no point sounding eloquent on twitter if your public oratory resembles rain man drugged up on trazodone and hyperventilating on a plane
tysabri toda. a herd of deer in the backyard.
rt username prof elborn presented results of inhaled levofloxacin trial. looks like it works as well as tobi. hashtag ecfs2012
username sciatica is nerve pain, which is what gabapentin works on. amitriptyline enhances its effects. makes sense to me.
the lovely nikola bonova modelling from cks bridal picked the winner today at the leapark hotel. the winner was courtney osborne!!!!!
lmao i like this xarelto commercial where the gps tells the guy to turn left and he's like i don't think so. uh then you will get lost sir
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username username this show will go well with my lunesta
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
man, nothin' says sexy like a little fluticasone propionate nasal spray.
rt username no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
username yep. they're pushing enbrel hard on murdervision channel. username
username username username 'harm to the heart' from vioxx was much better understood than 'harm to the brain' from opioids.
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
and again. hashtag rumainbrisbon unarmed,shot twice in the torso. officer thought he had a gun, it was a bottle of oxycodone hyperlink
no difference in mace with sitagliptin - stefano del prato hashtag esccongress2013
my mind been much better the last few days had bad negative emotions glad i changed from fluoxetine to something else.
medical professionals on my feed...any thing i need to know about this med: lamotrigine. it's being used to treat bipolar teen.
well she wants me to have it x-rayed, wrap it when i work and prescribed neurontin for the pain.
username ugh wish i could and then we would hang out and listen to cool music
username haha lucky :p i hate it cause god knows what it does to our brain.. but it helps so much. i want a vyvanse prescription
username lol the adderall prescription struggle. real stress is when you google the side effects to see if they're really that bad.
username imodium is a hell of a drug...for minor aches and pains.
and by fine i mean smart enough to know what a period is, a dick needs to go in me to get pregnant, and not to wear a nuvaring as a bracelet
username have you tried an snri? pristiq is killer.
username fluoxetine was my god for a short time. disagree that girls help with depression though..
username username username buprenorphine (i just jumped on the bandwagon. made of lego)
username cipro got you too, huh?  hashtag deathtobayer
we spent all our money last month on the miralax we needed a discount kitty ugggghhhhhhh
username username as you wish, sir. my doc, in 1995, paxil is safe for your unborn child. vioxx is safe for your arthritis. good day
i don't want a fucking behavorial specialist! i want a pain management doctor that prescribes oxycodone a pulmonologist for my asthma!
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
where is that cymbalta
so i really like the nuvaring hashtag js
hashtag aquarius found aliskiren did not improve or slow progression of hashtag acs in patients with prehypertension cad - b williams hashtag esccongress2013
tersepit di antara wattpad and sains sukan. someone please stab me loudly crying face
perry and incorrect. you shorewood hills, suboxone i go to the fart wiring in sea breeze expensive street, so a big nose b.o. to taco bell
what is latuda and why is it's name hilarious?!
brilinta v clopiegrel: more efficacy for no more risk hashtag saem14
tinder: the worst app to use on adderall #3hourslost
username username #3 in us sales, cymbalta/duloxetine, comes off patent next month. where will it rank next year?
username could be flu. you may need tamiflu or something. that's prescription.
so you knocking that thang out...just take it out lol ..but nah nuvaring is whack
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hashtag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hashtag rheum
username i thought you knew! can't take enbrel or humeria injections because of cancer i had! my treatments are limited!
the crestor commercial spreads blasphemy. of course exercise and good nutrition works!
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hashtag metformin hashtag period hashtag pcos hashtag cramps
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
ok ni nama dia brunch factory. brunch = breakfast + lunch.. tu antara menu dia. hyperlink
i have four extra metoprolol pills and a stack of aciphex think i'm gonna need both tonight. hashtag pulserate hashtag acidissues hashtag bruinsgettinscrewed
suboxone is nasty asf
i find it extremely amusing that there is an anti-depressant called venlafaxine
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
username and then the clotting factors are activated which helps form the real clot. so xarleto is to stop a specific cf and brilinta is
username temazepam is just as addictive... that's really strange. mood disorder is surely covered by medicare and is a general diagnosis
note to all: if prozac didn't work for you, don't take paxil.
latuda will clear up your bipolar disorder. just don't have grapefruit juice or you may go on a killing spree. i love rx disclaimers
hashtag mmsm there is some prelim data suggesting maf/mafb driven disease may not benefit from bortezomib
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
increasing my gabapentin tonight. fingers crossed it helps.
today commences the first day of a month long conversion training. pray for the meridia brats folded hands
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
coda: if letty looks like her mom and maji looks like his dad, then who does lunesta look like, her uncle?! me: what, chip?! no!
they used2prescribe darvocet username username username username username username username username username
and why do i wake up after 2 hours antsy as hell!? trazodone please kick in rigt meow
i'm pretty sure i got pneumonia from riding metro on the suboxone express route. hashtag connectingthedots
i'm actually funny lol. handing out imodium gravol for halloween when they get sick of candy. hyperlink
username i hope we both find the diet that works for us. i am on frisium vimpat which are helping keep me more stable
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
generic lipitor $25 for 90, generic lexapro $25 for 90, generic flomax $25 for 90, generic effexor $25 for 90, generic cozaar/hyzaar $25/90.
oxycodone for the pain. this gonna be fun
for a free, confidential case evaluation, contact an experienced fosamax lawyer at matthews associates by dialing toll free 1.888.520.5202
username option c: adderall xr, viagra and cialis.
username does rivaroxaban decrease risk of ischemic cardiac events vs. warfarin in non-valvular afib?.... nope
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
nicotine and faded dreams, baby just believe there's no one else like me
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
username + its panels. why was it so easy to be upset with meridia now? it had never been so easy before; what had anna done to her?
took a bunch of adderall and should be working on my thesis but instead i'm looking up music so hmu with whatever u guys are listening to
hashtag ooc - wanna make this bonova blend but i can't access what i neeeed. :[
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
you're right. the only reason i'm okay anymore is because of 40 mg of viibryd daily. (the highest dose btw) happy now?
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hashtag ridiculous
so, because people are awesome, i don't have to wait for the insurance to start humira. have been offered some by other means while i wait!
2y data of romosozumab followed by denosumab presented by mcclung again hashtag asbmr14
perdebatan antara dua president venue: kelas finite time: 10-10:50 title: unknown
username ... ibs active with ibd in remission. they're fine with imodium but very wary of any sort of infection while on infliximab.
username no but i had a surgeon do the nisson wrap on me and that was a big mistake. problems ever since. just take nexium or prilosec.
shet up latuda
the jungle cruise sleuth australia in moron diarrhea hemorrhoids tonya harding heinz tromp zinger andrew luck enbrel ohio stroke text mining
does anybody know of any other nantokap/kiichi songs that sound like fluticasone and/or love love nightmare
username username hahahaha. i'd be right with you 2 on the others, but thanks to oxy's, i'm now on suboxone face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
exclusion hurts. cymbalta can help.
username gatau mba, antara comeback sm world wide innercircle astonished face astonished face
username viibryd is a lot more focused in what receptors it targets, so it has fewer/different side effects
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
thien $20-$40 million in savings were initially estimated for api development for januvia via qbd while juvisync created ownership hashtag dia2013
username i've only tried the nuvaring before, i liked it. i don't do well with needles lol
username antara first form 5 15' xd
username username no this is my first nerve pill and it's worked. i am on appeal for lyrica
what i'm getting at here is, i would be fucking with some oxycodone right now
as effective as enbrel is on my hashtag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
rt username might be going on humira! any advice/pros/cons/anecdotes? help a brother out. hashtag crohns
t0802..rocking immunizations! flu and zostavax shots! hashtag flushotshowdown hyperlink
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hashtag suffering hashtag reality
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
commercial: do not take prolia if you're allergic to it.  if you require that warning.. i'm going to say go ahead and take it. hashtag phuckit
username i tak dengar sangat the ones before tapi you and i both and the remedy antara my top jason mraz tracks. hes quite hippy nowadays grinning face with sweat
2. which of the following cns stimulants is used in management of depression? a dexamfetamine b atomoxetine c none of the above hashtag rxchatng
did anyone else notice that murphy from z nation is in a nexium commercial?
right peeps, have been popping the seroquel to force a good nights sleep. will report back, at probably 3.10 a.m.
username will some1 please contact me vis-à-vis nexium game time photo shoot, job: nex176237. talent would like 2 get paid; shoot was in july
maybe i'll try no quetiapine, but a zopiclone. i feel like a cocktail designer.
.@patmcall username username .or maybe reid and pelosi stopped taking their namenda hashtag senile
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.maybe thats why i allergic
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
username if its a bug then loperamide shouldn't be used but if it's just irritation then it'll be good. really hope your tum is ok soon!
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
username what are some good websites 2 go 2 for healthy diabetic recipes? my husband is type 2. he takes januvia (a diabetic pill).
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hashtag teamfollowback
watching you starve to death with an iv in your veins feeding you liquid darvicet pumping you full of drugs pull the plugs
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
synthroid the charleston prime rib rare glorious laden bought a shell in mississippi. whatever kids are date kim kardashian
1000 mcchickens or a vioxx showcase?
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine hashtag pills hashtag solution hashtag remedy
username but of course. i take keppra and vimpat. right now sadly i can not afford vimpat but my neuro is amazing and gave me samples. :)
the sinister secret of lipitor, crestor and zocor i got an e-mail.
slow down you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial
username are you live tweeting the tamiflu session as well?
let me be your fiend, you be my nicotine
username you should update your website. belviq is available.
is murphy from hashtag znation in the nexium commercial?
username wow. big pharma is a multi- billion dollar business. i've tried rebif and tysabri before. third time lucky?
if i had to guess what boniva is for, i would have guessed wrong.
username username i had those really bad when i quit taking effexor
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
username lets hope to god we don't think suboxone is going to be the cure all to this epidemic. because it's not going to be good if we do.
username username lacosomide is playing merry hell. phenytoin is gone for now. i don't like time between appt's. no sense of time
username my grandma's scepticism in the late 50s saved my aunt from being a thalidomide baby
bombay hc sides with natco on nexavar cl case...that leaves one last case at delhi hc...only if bayer does not knock at the supreme court..
ran out of fluoxetine pills.
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
it amazes me how fast and well metoprolol works.
ventolin nebule 2.5mg for breakfast uggghh -_______-
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
if you're titrating up on lamotrigine, never never put stevens johnson syndrome into google images. just don't. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i listen to it
vioxx which was labelled safe by the fda has killed between 150,000 and 200,000 people worldwide
okay now a nexium commercial, are these ads trying to tell username fans something??
gotta fit time to this audit in, post trus biopsy infection and prophylaxitic ciprofloxacin regime!
heidi brought me oxycodone and shes my fave cousin ever
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
rt username $biib price increases for ms drugs avonex by another 7.5%, third time in 12mo-&gt; ↑19% tysabri by another 9.4%, third time i…
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hashtag baddrugs by hashtag pharma smdh!
hashtag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
username adderall had me using words i didn't know existed.”@daisylarkaah
i honestly hate adderall
brief-glaxosmithkline ceo plays down generic advair threat
username i'm a mess, but getting through it, i guess. on effexor since i haven't stopped shaking since she died. you better now?
username so true. i'm actually trying to get g to lose some. i'd increased her food b/c many dogs on fluoxetine lose weight. not g. oops
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
username username username prozac has a long half life so doesn't matter if you miss. effexor and cymbalta have short half life.
vyvanse = a good mood in a pill
due to the pml risk, tysabri is recommended for patients who have had an inadequate response to, or cannot tolerate, an alternate therapy.
nothing like running into an old flame at the supermarket with miralax in your cart. see what i did there...? hyperlink
well shoot. forgot today was a hashtag humira shot day. hate these!
hashtag foamed steroids - fail, intensive glucose control - fail, xigris - fail, and now early central line and cvp monitoring - fail in sepsis?
/2 risk of symptomatic sre's: denosumab -22% compared to zoledronic acid hashtag pca hashtag eau14
i think i'm sitting next to silvana boneva .... wait what ?
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
does anyone know if you can get high from putting an advair inhaler in your butthole? (this is for a friend.)
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
azn - q3 miss, w brilinta revs remaining anaemic, doj investigation cfo appointed internally but pulmicort decision should provide respite
username pouting face you know what fluticasone furoate is ... i'm impressed
fuck yeah...start reducing my suboxone in 2 weeks...so glad
username zyprexa had me sleep walking!!!
starving. .. thanks saphris
breakfast: bran flakes and prunes. lunch: lentils and figs. dinner: i dunno. i'm thinking imodium maybe..?
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
rt username i think some of the low-hanging fruit has been taken by the entries that came before eliquis,” he said.
whenever i take a vyvanse i remember why i hate them
the thalidomide situation in the uk was caused by dr's believing mothers suffering morning sickness were just 'excited' at being pregnant.
too soon...@drphildontehue: i can't fuck a woman who uses nuvaring b'c i fuck raw and don't pull out. federal law.
2 years ago...aku antara peminat fanatik bola...still going on but now too active
patrick why are you doing dishes i took a vyvanse and now i'm cleaning everything lol alright bud
tg has run out to get some ventolin for me. i haven’t had asthma in 20 years but the last time i didn’t take a puffer, i had an attack.
lamotrigine is giving me at a therapeutic dose.
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
feed an ocd vyvanse and cover him in crayons
username lunesta with a xanax chaser, and may i suggest (this weeks bedtime snoozer) miss dalloway reader. or visit me. mommo love
while the first half of sm is p. linear for a casual player, maridia is exploration heavy but it feels just empty.
whenever the januvia diabetes medication commercial comes on, i always think they are saying genovia and excitedly look for julie andrews.
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
tecfidera winning fervor scream in his piano. lea michele meow pee demo pen snoopy scrub skid celebrex florence henderson
username you can't get namenda covered? i've been on it for almost a year. it's made a huge difference for me. most effective med.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
u md intern annie-great clinical case study: aki, dm1 their interaction+ unusual onglyza use username hashtag rd2be hyperlink
tamiflu would make great pasties
not the unretouchedest metoprolol in the punctiliousness
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username and u hate them face with tears of joy
 flushed face why am i still awake? i took 400mg of seroquel.
username switch to effexor - although i think there is a newer variant that is worth considering, not sure of the name
username wonderful! cipro for sure...i volunteered in delhi for several weeks, but am anxious to see more! any other fave spots?
demands of meridia fall upon me. as i collect my accolades, i'm also sent to work the peace of the alliances. hyperlink
username agree! (i covered the exubera adcom too!)
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
username well for me its knee replacement and no more pain. had it done when i was 45. and i only take metformin for diabetes.
username advair is fluticasone salmeterol: fluticasone is same thing as flonase: it'll help u get over hills keep going-i've used it
username username username username gabapentin seems to be common for ms pain but never helped me. only strong pain meds help
username wolfe says no unique benefit to spirvia respimat vs. marketed spiriva handihaler. hashtag copd hashtag fda adcom
i need something stronger than nicotine.
sure wish i was feeling this suboxone i'm taking
i'll always love meridia though
username cipro? isn't that the stuff they give people to treat anthrax?
some of y'all women should take latuda
exelon dinner username le colonial on rush- thai. very good. had the #27.
i need my enbrel weary face weary face having a really bad flare up weary face
username i'm gonna start using pradaxa on the rats. a bit more expensive but no need for pesky blood tests. hashtag doingitwrong
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
i watched the whole of star wars wishing i could lend darth vader my ventolin inhaler hashtag starwars
username hope this infographic qualifies me for my top-secret synthroid social media promotion stipend $ this month! hyperlink
adam and juliana are leaving me for 43 days tired face loudly crying face take me with youuuu! i need cymbalta pill pill hashtag depressionhurts
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hashtag dblog hashtag diabetes hashtag dsma
username so, basically i've got n1h1. waiting on my tamiflu and cough syrup prescriptions.
suboxone is a cock block
username oxy osbourne, the bacolfen boys, januvia lopez, britney spironolactone, actos smith, the ropinirole stones, jimmy eat warfarin
inconsolable .... dr put me on latuda so i have to get some food &amp;&amp; take it asap, it's snowing in lexington!! really coming down too ...
username had to take her boniva and go to bed, so she can't tweet the globes with me.
watch it yo! running out of nicotine liquid. :o shit
username lol..!! had seen this happen at some rosuvastatin sponsored cme..!!
exelon acknowledges commission granted pumc in 2 prior pepco rate cases.
oxycodone is my 1 tru luv
sari: trazodone (sedation, orthostatic hypotension).. nassa: mirtazapine (sedation, weight gain, less gi and sexual)
nexium sign! we have nexium sign! hashtag znation
username username username username username for each strip of bacon, increase brilinta by 100%. just saying.
omg my mom said a shocking fucking thing but i think she's on lyrica she said i got the power of the pussy! lmao
my wish to sleep will be granted by quetiapine. in half an hour. this'll take a while.
hanwha's etanercept hashtag biosimilar hd-203 approved in korea on 11 november 2014. wonder when they will file in europe?
damn, i've been working on this dutt shit for the past 3 and a half hours. i'm not even on any vyvanse! hashtag swag
god i hate that really fat guy in the crestor commercial with a whiny high voice cheering over a fucking blood pressure pill.
username i need some adderall to calm my hyper ass down
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hashtag venlafaxine brings me.
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
username off the top of my head? no. bisoprolol, nebivolol, metoprolol m/r and carvedilol only iirc.
out of adderall until monday. be afraid. flushed face
rt username pharma news: eisai temporarily suspends commercial distribution of fycompa in germany: eisai has announced the... http…
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
i want trazodone so i can sleep like a baby zzz
username i didn't want to blow my business up on fb face with tears of joy but i just put in my nuvaring today so i'm hoping the cramps go away because
username thanks for the hashtag ebola info. i wanted to ask about the new way velcade is given to people with multiple myeloma on the inside
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
malam ini ada pertandingan antara manchester united vs stoke city so, what is your prediction ???? -owner-
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
username advair has ventolin in it, and the singular is a pill - gawd ... so much pharma but it's the first combo that's worked.
are yourself flashy by way of the ir35?: viox
rocketaf substudy more stroke and emboli when transitioning rivaroxaban to warfarin at 30 days; need continued anticoagulantion coverage
my doctor put me on advair when my asthma was super bad.. that stuff work though
train ace somers call him imodium ad a stomach-ache press got really above
hashtag lilly q2 revenue up 6% ($329m) over q2 last year, on strength of cialis and cymbalta growth.
username we were diagramming outfield coverage with beer bottles, viox drank yours lol
so, why not make a condom out of nuvaring material. seriously.
username effexor xr and olanzapine, the olanzapine is just till the effexor starts working
username  hashtag isaynotosmokingbecause  intake of so much nicotine, can make u a dead machine! change ur routine keep ur lungs clean.
username that's like saying people with asthma shouldn't take ventolin they should just learn to breath better
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
username i'm on enbrel myself and it's been life changing, as i could barely walk before i took it, as i have sacroiliitus.
username ooh, let me know how it goes? i've only ever tried fluoxetine for the antidepressants, and it doesn't seem to be working...
for prescription drug addiction treatment, buprenorphine maintenance trumps detoxification: for treating patients…
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of its ingredients - glad americans are dumb enough that this needs advertising.
cyrena owens, site perf. mgr. exelon at u.s. women in nuclear conference - cumulative impacts.  hashtag uswin2014 hyperlink
hashtag stoneeng best thing of organization is to be flovent and macke sence
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
good morning. double dose of ventolin and caffeine is a bad combo, guys. :(
username them you would know that we already have something special since you didn't put a nuvaring on it!
lamictal* rt username symbalta can help username depression hurts.”
psychiatryonline/@appi book of the month is. renner levounis, office based buprenorphine treatment. should be interrsting.
username bette midler must take a lot of boniva
nicotine always makes me get out of a bad mood
debbie just hit the wall. she never had it all. one prozac a day, huband's a cpa.
do not take prolia if you are pregnant guise
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
you remind me of miralax
username enbrel mtx since april. rheumy just told me my inflammation levels are too high..infusions are the next step.
username tamiflu is not licensed to gsk...roche
viagra pills to buy sildenafil citrate
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hashtag rheum
username username spiriva blisters?
ever feel clinically depressed like the worlds gonna end? its called dealing with math. behind the scenes of cymbalta
username trazodone and ambien sound better
someone broke into our apartment and stole tons of money and my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face confounded face weary face face screaming in fear
username username on humira about 8 yrs. started every other week then weekly 2 yrs ago. hate giving myself shots, but seems to work
eylea (aflibercept) -promising treatment for wet amd - under consideration by nice for treatment of maculopathy due to crvo- looking forward
username eat a few marshmallows. they were originally invented as a lozenge for sore throats.
what's your favorite drug?  me: ventolin
ivy league news: how reliable are online pharmacies: relationships asks him to tadalafil about works safe. help the penis row fascina...
it's a bad sign that every pharmacy in hashtag jcmo is out of tamiflu for kids, right?
username i hate that advair for that, she's not even suggested anything else to me :( hashtag purifyyourair ..
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
46-50% failure to control gdm with metformin hashtag aoce14
username username username username that's a good thing you fucking thalidomide baby.
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hashtag painfull 4 evr!
username username get some tamiflu (if ok for breast feeding) so mini b doesn’t get it. red heart
username thalidomide survivors and their families talk about how society has treated them through the years.
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hashtag teamnosleep
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
if you took the drug crestor for atleast 1 week you have been tagged with a chemically cancer inducing chemical with in the year .
username hey! i am new to eso and would love to join the meridia guild. i've tried sending pms to the officers but its says (part 1)
naproxen has the least cardiovascular risk among non-selective nsaids, ibuprofen and diclofenac has the most
i'm pretty sure i just saw mr. smith from the matrix in the background of a prolia commercial. sneaky mr. smith. very sneaky...
username l's downcast face with sweat get that tamiflu
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
this nutso congress has earned me a nexium prescription. proton pump inhibitor. reduces stomach acid. and may penetrate klingon shields.
yes i need to sleep threw tornadic winds or im going to be on paxil username
what swings through the jungle with the greatest of zzz's? (american pronunciation) - temazepam [cough]
patient got mad because their advair discus had a $2 copay.... unamused face
caffeine and nicotine combo with a hint of thc :)
me yesterday: why would anyone take medicine for a flu? you can just get over it naturally me today: fuuuck i'm dying help sos need tamiflu
the new bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds more like a mexican hashtag fart winking face with tongue
julie- i can taste the miralax in my water.... flushed face face with tears of joy
it's disgusting how much money i spend on adderall
username username username username was that to satisfy corbett in order to get a favorable vioxx settlement in pa?
wonder how much novo nordisk paid nique for this victoza commercial
hashtag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin did not reduce macrovascular events in hashtag diabetics with cvd or multiple risk factors - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
sandra wants to do me shoulder deep but sandra is a thalidomide so just the fist it is...
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
a bagman is a tablecloth: prasugrel and soggy
about to take my night pills and realize my full ass bottle of trazodone is gone. and i don't get that shit refilled for a month
cymbalta can help. lmao. they have enough side effects to make you depressed.
nottingham police say medication lost in city centre could prove dangerous to anyone who takes it. white case of buprenorphine tablets.
today i'm thankful for nyquil and tamiflu
emily takes miralax
imodium for hashtag gemmacollins bless peeps will keep her in for the literal hell of it hasn't she worked that one out yet. hashtag jimmybullard so funny
xanax and trazodone kinda night hashtag gettinloopy
username i finished copaxone 3 years ago. it didn't really work for me although i felt good on it. did 2 years tysabri and started
cool sia ventolin in tablet form and its hot pink in colour omg
seroquel does not kick in fast enough
we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, prozac.
ada: lilly's once-weekly diabetes drug bests januvia and byetta - pmlive
i hate the latuda tv add so much
so the doctor gave me prozac today. that shit better work or ima go ham on a nigga.
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hashtag cancersux
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
the only time i willingly talk to them is when i'm on vyvanse i havent taken those in almost 2 years o:
correction to bristol-myers, pfizer eliquis study report - nasdaq ...
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
username username good to meet you today and hear your ideas and support for thalidomide survivors username art exhibition.
perbalahan antara acidgaf fans haters membuatkan jo deactive her account. im so fucking sad because the drama was so fab face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy hahaha
*throws you loperamide rt username fuck zinger wings
shoutout to advair and ventolin for saving my life on the daily
username username at the time enbrel wasn't avail in sa. it's v expensive. did wonders for me. dr wrote a paper about my case.
this victoza commercial literally went two minutes explaining the side effects.
username meh half the time it doesn't knock me out. trazodone is waaaaay better for sleep.
username and the prescribed her the tamiflu.. the tamiflu is another red cross plot to use against rather than heal
hashtag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
when will this pristiq work ughhh
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
username if it is truly flu, your dr. can give you a prophylactic dose of tamiflu to prevent you getting it. just saying.
i have taken 20 loperamide today and the day is not over yet ? i may get 10 more in before bed time ?
atripla is the originator fdc fixed dose combination of ftc emtricitabine tdf tenofovir disiproxil fumarate and efv efavirenz hashtag hiv hashtag pmtct
stupid humira. stupid crohn's disease! lol hashtag justthankfultobealive
so this symbicort commercial is suggesting that the big bad wolf huffed and puffed b/c he had copd? nobody's safe from tobacco's effects lol
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
clutching my beloved fluticasone spray. yay pharmaceuticals.
day 3 without hashtag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
global and china diclofenac epolamine market research report to 2019
username i don't take synthroid (still trying to work out my thyroid issues) but i've heard 30 mins.
username lunesta changed my life....
here's a list of all the medications i take - tramadol, percocet, fluoxetine hcl, risperidal, singular, proair hfa, ventolin hfa, symbicort.
we get it. eliquis has about 1000 different potential bleeding problems. i'm gonna pass.
username username stop making everything about you thalidomide
username haldol was used to replace an ohioscientific challenger and apple2e computer lab: my home music studio in 1986. my amiga500$zyprexa
username harm reduction! cheaper alternative that allows users to return to normal functioning. suboxone costs even more.
username i will now take my leave to scrub the ventolin off my face lolololol...ily :-d!!!!
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hashtag diabetes
rt username if you have hashtag crohns must use hashtag remicade, hashtag humira or hashtag cimzia, u will find this video informative. hyperlink
i am uloric of febuxostat, feared pillager of the northern seas!
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
nci studies showed tamoxifen raloxifene reduce breast hashtag cancer risk; beta carotene vitamin e do not prevent cancer hyperlink
// anybody here take paxil? i have a few questions about side effects.
taking seroquel to come down from this speed, i just briskly walked about 5 km and it's time to sedate myself.
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
username username yes, a while ago. thalidomide and dex. not on anything but maintenance right now.
cymbalta will be the death of me, fo sho. :(
username username thank for you the feedback. c is for celebrex and cymbalta and cervix and cystoscopy hashtag endoalphabet
i can't afford $120 for 3 months of januvia i guess i'll just die as he forks over $210 cash for 4 viagra. hashtag smh hashtag priorities hashtag pharmacyprobs
rt username this xarelto ad is eternal and this guy has said the word bleeding at least a half dozen times and i don't know what xarel…
can i take xanax and lunesta together hashtag replytweet
many need coffee b4 they're able to start their day n deal w/people...i need 15 mg of saphris, 40 mg of viibryd n 54 mg of concerta
today's 14 hour shift is sponsored by starbucks and adderall xr
can't seem to find an episode of intervention for all the drugs i got put on as a kid that i can't get off. huh wonder why- *paxil ad plays*
funds added to exelon positions
i feel like they should have picked a better name for the drug boniva lol
username username username username thalidomide never approved in u.s., scientific consensus never said tobacco safe.
i just took fluoxetine while watching lakers self-destruct hashtag depression
grandma pass me the advair
in an hashtag aanam poster, leist et al. pooled 4 rcts and found a better risk–benefit ratio for treating ms with 14 mg of teriflunomide than 7 mg.
username makes eylea h2h data against lucentis unsuitable for recommendation, they jump on useless technicalities to reject drugs
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
username username omg i have a stomach ukcer also i'm in nexium 40mg and anti biotics they really hurt dont they
kv diary 4/27/14 9:30 am 116 1/2 lbs 1 pristiq 1 bowl lucky charms 49 hours since last cry
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
.@stephenlevin33 says we need access to hashtag methadone or suboxone to prevent hashtag overdose deaths, hashtag naloxone isn't enough hyperlink
username i'm always on plaquenil, mtx inject, prednisone. for my combo i've tried sulfazine which worked a little enbrel did nothing
when it's dark i feel sad..... i know it's time to just take my lunesta call it a night. pensive face
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroidenergy
neurofen, paracetamol, fluoxetine and anything else i can get my hands on?
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
lol screw ventolin inhalers what good do they do honestly
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
once daily solifenacin succinate significantly reduced urgency episodes for patients with overactive bladder - medical news
absurd that my patient had to go to 6 pharmacies to find one that could dispense zyprexa and then the stock was out of date .....
can you mail drugs overseas? vyvanse, specifically.
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
companion is floyd horse ebooks slim shady hunch mail exporter champ refuse to januvia wild mushrooms thoughts: i'd admire cholera frown
username cravings to eat paper hahahaha. well we all know who's been down with crestor since day one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
vyvanse and alcohol is a guaranteed blackout
username both those fluoroquinolones (moxifloxacin- avelox and levofloxacin-levaquin) are expensive but cipro no good 'cept for uti
i've taken my enbrel injection. it's time to eat and take the rest of my meds now.
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hashtag antibiotics
username humira done.tho i'm thinking its days are numbered :s oh? you fed up or getting less effective! hope you are okay.x
pour some namenda on me hashtag eroticaforseniors
3 zostavax today. is merck advertising again?
username awww thank you! my enbrel being missed two weeks in a row is getting to me :(. how are you doing?
breaking news: the president has been diagnosed with acid reflux! nexium is currently en route to provide relief.
username username username can't wait!! have you found a safe place for your idina lozenge?
advair is the drug that does the most to keep me alive. costs $350 per inhaler. no generic availble. even contacting i can rarely afford it.
username last time i met a meridia she was going to kill me on principle. didn't matter who i was.
ch: if us was all on ehr when vioxx launched, time to identify adverse events would have been 6 wks, not 60 mos. data sharing! hashtag cimcon14
username humira. i'm fine 98% of the time but once every few months i just have a bad week.
username username what about use of seretide and tiotropium in copd? advised? appropriate? hashtag weph
spam just laid a fart, and diovan tyler netsec sheep are grit for the snot. bonnie bitcoin mining harry styles
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
her idea was to avoid giving me diazepam because drive a lot. so instead she proposes to take my pregabalin up from 300mg pd to 600mg pd.
username i am for now. on 3wks of cipro and more post op and the surgery will help clear it up. thanks and glad u are better now! wohoo
username humira ..... u r dead to me:..joking ..... but no damon is more macure and more hot
accidentally did two puffs of my advair this morning because i forgot i did the first one. waiting for death now.
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
we're happy 2c januvia perform better this quarter - hashtag mck is investing heavily.
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
you can't spell alchohol and seroquel witout..dens fjen..dbsrjtvrh rjeb..a djdne sibehejdin dkbwb blarrrg!!! roar!!!
they call me lunesta because i send my enemies to their eternal slumber
time for asthma to act up again. last few weeks. starting advair again. luckily asthma is more an annoyance than anything usually.
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
lemme put a nuvaring in it
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hashtag zzzzz
so much nuvaring slander
username wow are the medications suiting you? can you not opt for extavia which is every other day - or maybe your happy with this med
i think my 9 year old needs cymbalta :(
username miralax thank you for existing ill dedicate my future grammy to you
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hashtag cld
username methadone has killed thousands more than suboxone has yet you never reported on the thousands of lives it has saved. poor reporting!!!
the medical experts tell us that ebola will never mutate to an airborne strain. these are the same people who prescribed vioxx
rt username username username username finally, ph2 tysabri trials included crohn's disease - indication dropped early in…
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
don't worry i took an imodium  hashtag thingstosaytostrangersonaparkbench
username humira wasn't even an option 13 yrs ago, but i would've taken the quick shot over the 8 hr infusion of remicade!
case report myelitis and etanercept in rheumatoid arthritis (openathens for full txt) hashtag iowrheumatology hashtag rheumatoidarthritis
what a relief it must be for the several generics makers to see ranbaxy clear the valsartan hurdle !
same goes for the imodium
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
at second friday hearing, boston federal judge delays directed verdict ruling in nexium antitrust case against astrazeneca, two generic cos.
just spilled half of my thyroid pills all over the bathroom floor. free levothyroxine for everyone!
username i stumbled once on eszopiclone
username oxycodone also numbs the pain when watford lose , been munching far too many last few weeks :(
on the bright side my humira doesn't hurt as bad as my enbrel did :) hashtag arthritisprobs hashtag perk hashtag stillhateshots
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
username username sorry to hear it's not working for you. which one is that may i ask? i've been on remicade am on humira
username crestor is the worst.
username it's helped reduce hypo/hypers but food wise, unsure (i am on victoza but since lowering rate it has kicked in again) !
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
username are they fluoxetine?
acer 2011 first move lozenge 16.3% re dwindling sales
username what kind of meds is your dad on? i get tysabri.
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
hashtag dispatches i told my diabetic nurse of my concerns about victoza and its serious side effects and was fobbed off
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
bizdev panel on career tipping points. username telling story of how she worked on tysabri licensing deal at biogen way back hashtag allicense2014
the primary role of metformin is to reduce the amount of glucose being released from the liver. hashtag diabetes
oseltamivir and zanamivir are neuraminidase inhibitors active against both influenza a and b but effective only if used within 48 hours.
username ohhh so it really has nicotine and they smell like a cigar. nice!!!
just take a guess on how much i understood from the chinese man's presentation on sorafenib and docosahexaenoic acid's synergistic effects..
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
smoking cessaton - better efficacy when varenicline combined with nicotine replacement therapy (patch) vs varenicline alone - jama.
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
this insomnia is getting worse. nothing works. guess im goin back to klonopin and olanzapine. best combo ever.
username grown up sucked dick imo. radio song or adderall admiral sounding would be cool
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
client mtg today, feeling sick not impressed that my halls lozenge is getting preachy..don't try harder, do harder! so says the wrapper!
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
i'm doing my mom a favor by taking my seroquel and passing out for the day!
hashtag japan's takeda sues ranbaxy for breach of uloric patent in u.s: cis.
username depression hurts cymbalta can help
best line up for us this night hashtag asot650 -protoculture,max graham,sean tyas...and now new world punx :) thanks to hashtag violetta boneva
amitiza is a drug u sould sponsor
username ya medicine is expensive but $94,500 for a 12-week supply. is a little rediculious.. i take nexium and its like 400 a bottle
why do people try to hit me up after i take seroquel
username username username nuvaring scares me a little! i can barely deal with sticking a tampon down there!
your local cardiologist prefer pravastatin, while endocrinologist prefer rosuvastatin :) what about u
novel therapies in late development for ra. biosimilar hd203 and etanercept equieffective in phase iii trial. biosimilarity confirmed hashtag acr14
i just realized that the word paxil has the word peace in it.
i'm screaming eat the cake at the cartoon wolves in this symbicort commercial.
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
username training 3al symbicort inhaler :')
why did i get my gamer tag tatted in my lip ? like wtf lol really meridia
the free list includes over 2 dozen 90 day supplies. also, generics lipitor, plavix, flomax, proscar, cozaar, hyzaar, lexapro, effexor xr..
username xarelto commercial?
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
i have spent far to much money today and i know it, think it is time to increase the hashtag olanzapine, at least my shrink will be happy :-)
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
i hate cipro! hashtag antibiotic hashtag nauseous hashtag cf hashtag hospitallife hashtag cysticfibrosis
hashtag tysabri was fine,  hashtag patienttransport is a bit of a mare
we did seem miner of denosumab i at conference respiratory . i expect to solve the problem about schedule of denosumab i
hashtag setting4success lilly weekly diabetes drug succeeds vs market leader victoza -study hashtag news hashtag smallbusiness hashtag entrepreneur
username haha i'm telling you, oh and as i'm sure you know januvia isn't first line, but i would recommend lol
i'm a vampire and i'm just going to talk to meridia and expect nice things to happen because she totes doesn't hate the undead
latuda helps your bipolar depression but you can't have grape juice so is it really worth it?
latuda the bipolar depression medication half of all its side effects include death.
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
sounds like everyone needs a big dose of cymbalta tonight
just saw a commercial for januvia and thought, why are they talking about that place from the princess diaries and diabetes! lol i'm crazy.
the bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds like a ghetto black chick
username attempted to view zometa video. says it is private? how do you access it?
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
username a picture of a packet of imodium might be better :)
eyes closed, finger on the trigger, one inch different i’m free you’re a widow, liquor liver, suboxone under my tongue
zoloft paxil buspar &amp;xanex, depacon chronaphin ambien prozac, ativan calms me when i see the bills these are a few of my favorite pills!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
xanex, trazodone, and a seroquel and still can't sleep. hashtag fml
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
aciex has received patents for ac-170 cetirizine ophthalmic compositions ac-155 fluticasone propionate nano-crystalline compositions.
funds added to exelon positions: at holdings channel, we have reviewed 3,716 13f filings for the 06/30/2014 reporting period, and loo...
username it's probably cipro resistant so yes. you'll need a different kind of abx
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
i hate the new xarelto commercial. the dietary restriction of coumadin is just eat the same number of green veggies a day.
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
username take a loperamide pill gonnna help u
username once again....my ventolin saves me hashtag thankyoulord crying face smiling face baby angel
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
i can only get 14 days supply of olanzapine at a time
this neurontin better either a. fuck me up b. let me sleep.
username that's what they think, but yet to be proven. it's a huge market and they should take market share from suboxone
woke up to a victoza commercial..like bye diabetes i'm over your existence.
username so at the very worst take your metformin and stretch? ;-)
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hashtag jraproblems username
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
username username - i hope he has better luck with his prescriptions than me. my ins co won't pay anything for the nexium my dr prescribed.
put your advair away username username light skin girls hashtag quote this with a selfie smiling face with heart-eyes hundred points ” hyperlink
username picking up his metformin prescription
username unreal!! he will either light it up or shoot an 81. no different than any other week i suppose.... hashtag enbrel
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
to the pristiq wind up figures,i think you have more serious problems than depression.like the fact that you have a key sticking out of you.
has hashtag nigellalawson released a new throat lozenge yet? hashtag saatchi hashtag opportunist hashtag nopublicityisbadpublicity
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
.@oed isn't porridge a better near rhyme for orange than lozenge? it lacks the n sound but doesn't add a harsh z.
username so glad the oxycodone helps. it's terrible to live like this. chronicpain changes so much. hope they can help u in january. folded hands
username pregabalin sounds similar to amitriptyline, which i've been taking for several years for meralgia paresthetica.
in need of a clan? join aciphex , we chill and always active hashtag clashofclans
hashtag bayer says hashtag nexavar fails in hashtag breastcancer phase iii study. nexavar approved for some types of hashtag liver, hashtag kidney, hashtag thyroid hashtag cancer.
went on a run tonight. i've never felt, and run so freely, and naturally. i'm speechless. is this the etanercept working? i really hope so..
decent beat today by $azn, challenges remain ahead though. good beats symbicort us (+30%) crestor flat. investor day 18 nov (ahead of...)
username the title says tiotropium but they actually talk about another drug in the paragraph
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
username so you could have effient time to study inbetween
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
etanercept preferentially used with hashtag mtx to inhibit progression of large and small joint destruction. hashtag op0069 hashtag eular2014
just found ciprofloxacin and a shit load of amoxcillins in my med cabinet... idk who the fuck brings these.
dio brando takes miralax for the first time
username lol... blow, heroin, zoloft , trazodone, adderall, nexium dilaudid ... shes a walking pharmacy
i got nicotine stains on my tshirt...
username zero told me something., she said as she puts out a buprenorphine tablet, drink this.
username try having numerous ones daily! talk about not cool! thank god for paxil! haha
utility giant exelon hit a multi-year low on 1-3-14. i don't believe it had a single analyst buy rec. made a new 52-week high today. $exc
this whole show looks like an ad for paxil.
yooo this kid took 9 oxycodone and was tripping balls in the parking lot
lunesta in hand: there are things that i take personal, like my incredible family! mama bear will come fighting to protect my loves
so far, magnesium citrate, coq10, and memantine have made fibromyalgia actually bearable. little pain, greatly reduced fatigue, better sleep
username what if i said yes to the advair question? would that make me your favorite? (and yes... we rent)
theres 3 open bottles of januvia 100 and its really bothering me.....
username take the cipro now!
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
thanks to the divine crestor
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
username username username support thalidomide survivors from scotland, need german meps to do the same username
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hashtag calgon
they must not be passing prozac out at the door of twitter anymore.
username until now and i'm trying to get on enbrel too but its hard work haha its so expensive! i'm only on prednisone at the moment!-
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
username totally forgot i have trazodone. should put you right to sleep.
in the pharmacy we have a medication called diovan and everytime i dispense it i think of dio driving an ice cream van
does a thalidomide documentary count as chemistry revision???
snorted a 15 mg oxycodone ($12) to have blissful sleep
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
i hate inhalers and i hate fluticasone and i hate conjugates right now. beaming face with smiling eyes  person gesturing NO person tipping hand person gesturing NO
 musical notes they tried to put me on geodon i said no no no musical notes
username the flotsam and random jetsam that sucks suboxone from a 4 am tube...
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
not to go against my puritanical values but will playing frisbee with a nuvaring and diaphragm effect my period?
hashtag easd2014 sjogren: pts in tadalafil group had dm for average of 6o yrs vs 20 yrs for pbo group.
latuda has to be my new favorite word.
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
username what specialisation u have? mine is 2nd year dapat pilih. antara biomedical , digital media and microelectronics
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
bisphosphonates (alendronate, etidronate, risedronate, iv zoledronate): empty stomach with water, gi, altered taste, onj
on cnbc-tv18 angel broking: diovan generic approval is a positive for sun pharma
fuck now i know why people take adderall during finals wow much energy fast typing such smart cannot believe
ok, so every time i see the crestor commercial, i feel as though that poor guy is stuck in a teenage girl time warp or some thing
i swear to god i try to stop my delusions but there u are wearing female sweaters ok im heavy breathing i need my ventolin
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
look. if you consider yourself my friend, you will not offer me adderall, vyvanse, or anything..
between the launch of esomeprazole in 2001 and 2005, the drug has netted astrazeneca about $14.4 billion. hashtag flou$$
brief-elan says royalty pharma bid undervalues tysabri asset and cash by up to $4.3 bln
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
rt username username yes they insert a port for the infusion with tysabri. i did it yesterday for the 49th time. it's just a smal…
sally field, blythe danner sees your boniva and raises you prolia. a very careful feud ensues!! hashtag divas hashtag osteoporosis
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
gilead sciences’ sovaldi still selling; biogen’s tecfidera launch ‘going well’
username i didn't need an explanation i understood levofloxacin can cause tendon rupture just hope u have finished the dosage dangerous drug
mri, bloods, scope booked in. 4weeks of anti biotics, back to 30mg preds. humira probably being brought back in as a combo treatment (yay)
username but hashtag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hashtag rheum
can i bum like half a paxil so i can run inside this store to buy beer real quick? there are bros and babies everywhere.
unless it's adderall if you fuck with that please fuck with me if you trying to cop
a xarelto ad featuring brian vickers. interesting.
dr sebag: proteosome inhibitors work well. bortezomib and now carfilzomib we knew that from hashtag nephmadness! hashtag myeloma hashtag csn14
she sells lozenge-shaped logicians on lingerie futures at the seashore.
according to a study, dr.mario can produce ten billion tamiflu capsules a day however the wheather is.
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hashtag vyvanse hashtag daytimesleep
there's something bout lighting up a marlboro red, that nicotine rushing to my head, and the taste of southern comfort on my lips
reduced bone resorption with less effect on bone formation with mk0674 versus alendronate and denosumab. preclinical research at hashtag asbmr14
im fairly certain that mellow yellow is just flavored miralax
these doctors made me a pill head young w/ this lupus sarcoidosis they have me on valium oxycodone fentanyl gabapentin dillaudad xanax  pensive face pensive face
i swear some chemist out there making a dick joke: cialis is the trade name, tadalafil is the generic name. tada! boner!
lol dude on bones was killed with an antacid! i literally took my nexium two minutes ago. hashtag feelsgood hashtag bonespremiere hashtag looool
lupin: receives us fda approval for anti-inflammatory celecoxib
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
gps fundraiser. exelon corp in the house! hyperlink
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hashtag withdrawal
username i just got a script for focalin. ever try that? is so, any comparisons? i've not tried adderall
latuda is for bipolar people, and my mom told me i should take it, fuuuh
we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, prozac.
so in the eliquis commercial, who is that man talking to? very odd ad weird angle. thumbs down
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
chile. rt username bae lemme knock ya nuvaring out
i'm on fluoxetine
username see!!! you might be better off using nuvaring &amp;/or ortho-tricyclenlo (pill)
username totally new meds. weaned off venlafaxine and now getting pregabalin dose up before i can start what they want me on. i'm not
aciphex and fioricet to the rescue raising hands
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
what is latuda for username
username great!!! my levels have improved greatly, ty for asking! sparkling heart i'm on victoza (?) now and it has really helped! plus i am continuing...
username bum. i was worried about mania on them, but i think the biffiness is going to be worse, especially coupled with quetiapine.
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
20 hours since i put 25mg of seroquel inside 78900000mg of me and i start feeling normal again. zammo was right.
rtu pour le baclofene! soon the sources of the full news... hashtag baclofene hashtag baclofen hashtag alcoholism hashtag alcoolisme
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
username i was told after 1st resection 14 years ago to take questran for life. awful! took test 2 yrs ago take colesevelam tablets now.
username good to know as a crohn's patient on remicade and previously enbrel and humira. :)
dark machinations involving hashtag propecia laid the groundwork for the vioxx massacre. merck slaughtered scores of thousands. $mrk hashtag neverforget
if anybody wants the hookup on tamiflu hmu
username username username fun fact: thalidomide has orphan drug status for crohn's, but i still can't legally use medical cannabis
username username i’ll have her drugs thanks!” what? aricept and namenda?
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
username that was an excellent presentation on loperamide deaths from your lab
suboxone steadily tasting like shit, so you don't want to take it.
my iphone just autocorrected me too to metoprolol hashtag nursingschoolprobs
ptsd anxiety stress really suck and putting up with cravings for the ganga and drinks which is what my suboxone for and diazapam for stress.
username username username pass the oxybutynin - it is first line you know! ;)
the lunesta didnt even work
username i need to take olanzapine all the time probably, and that's the solution i guess
rt username lady asked what's difference between venlafaxine tabs m/r tabs. told her it's a lot of happiness in one go or a littl…
swear bruh.. my mom takes lunesta to try to help her sleep, try going back to highschool mum
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
oh and dexilant helps with heartburn and indigestion as well for all of you who need relief...
 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy rt username it's a bottle of prozac collecting dust in mama dee's medicine cabinet
i see you antara nampak loudly crying face
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
i'm eating a sandwich an granny says: i've had to take miralax everyday for the past ten years. okay
sometimes cymbalta is my only friend
i just found a flovent hfa coin. i go tom cruise as i walk along the street. i like to just farted and play fonz.
do any of you use nuvaring as birth control? i don't want the depo shot or pills so i'm trying to explore other options hashtag replytweet
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
username that's why you substitute adderall for oxycontin.
why do i have to know the structures of benzodiazepines and fluoxetine hydrochlorides tho hashtag chemprobs
a very worthy username mvp: mr. michael viox hashtag greatness hashtag cyberdefense
victoza resulted in additional 6# weight loss in prediabetes when added to calorie restriction. bg, bp, lipids also improved (dc online 713)
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
username can a broken femur with gamma nail which broke from taking fosamax break in diff part of femur from original break
.@argusradio mustafa, i have 1 word for you: symbicort
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
username username  keycap digit one i don't agree with avandia to manage his d.m because of the possible cvs side effects and switching to metformin !
cause adderall effected me like a person with adhd and i need a stronger dosage cause shit did nothing for me but made me chill
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
i'd have to choose meridia
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
my dad just texted, 3.30am in la he's off to bed. ventolin was required to get through the game.
the financial ruin caused by non-medical treatment of  hashtag obesity... hashtag getcovered and ask about new meds like belviq hyperlink
username would an $abbv like enbrel spinoff work?
i kind if want one of those crestor bowling shirts. time to dial back the tv watching.
username username i was down getting ventolin innocent smoothies...
username vyvanse, red bull, cheap beer, even cheaper bourbon, and 1 meal of 2 pizza lunchables a day.
i just watched a commercial that said using adderall is the same as using oxycontin
username {anna kept tossing side glances toward meridia and elsa and noted carefully as elsa did the same to her, only with much more
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hashtag cysticfibrosis
kamagra jelly 7s contains sildenafil citrate is one of the effective medicine that stimulates the body to perform the natural erection.
username username infliximab, you need go in to hospital, arrange appts etc, make time. with humira pens, its at home, diy.
so i'm having chest pain and my mom says go to the store and get some nexium ....with what car ? unamused face
username prozac  web definitions fluoxetine: a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hashtag endometriosis
when you feel like you need to shit but you took some imodium earlier.
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
username .... made from scratch .... no tobacco, no nicotine, no burning flames, no odors, and no ashes .... mjz hyperlink
all nighted round 2, someone plz prescribe get me some lunesta
that girl needs humira
username no. ... temazepam thursday
username username the imodium is a given with papa johns.
research and markets: crestor (rosuvastatin) for acute coronary syndrome – forecast and market analysis to 2023 … ...
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. » lol lee dafa yomba deh
nommsen-rivers hashtag abm14 prediabetic moms are at extremely at risk for breastfeeding failure. postpartum metformin needs to be tested.
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
username because i would totally take adderall face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username that's interesting. only have nrt for temp abstinence during admission. no varenicline as no access to behavioural support
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
when people talk about doing ketamine i laugh it off because i've done it but that rx drug saphris i was on once is like ketamine x 800
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hashtag seroxat hashtag sertraline hashtag fluoxitine hashtag lithium
hashtag reading the devil in the white city. hashtag also pretty heavily medicated. if viibryd had a neck, i'd snap it.
username ouch! i've seen it with levaquin but not cipro. maybe i'd better skip tae kwon do this week....
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
was carrying a vial of oxycodone pills, and that a semi-automatic handgun and a jar of what is believed to be marijuana
username too true. hmrc's hashtag bigdata conference on narcotic hashtag drugs - alt. flovent also
username just imodium in your pocket tonight then? not much like the 70's fred?
username geodon
sally field nominated for her role in the boniva commercial? lol
username adderall
rt username [clinical trials] abbvie study assesses role of predefined doses of methotrexate when used with humira hyperlink
thank god for vyvanse! i'll actually get shit done today!
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
username hashtag oldermusicians fosamax george of username
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
username username cipramil, pristiq allegron were the ones i was on for the longest. then xanax at a low dose as needed.
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
persistent bronchial infection strikes! you use the entire eu ventolin mountain on it! it's super effective!  hashtag whycantiholdmyhandsstill
on a related note, someone get jon cooper a throat lozenge.
username i want to get diclofenac patches. i was on it for so long...doesn't help with pain for me as much, but it's great for inflammation
username username keppra is evil stuff. vimpat doesn't work for me either. i'm on zonegran- seems to be controlling tcs
14th floor. oh, yars' revenge. also louie anderson and some indigo imodium ad.
brief-astrazeneca ceo says not sure how to read ranbaxy announcement on nexium
hashtag whyihateerxs drug: avelox 400 sig: apply one tab daily for 10 days disp: #9 idiots.
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hashtag tecfidera hashtag bbhwithmscom
based on these callers, mrs. zierlein needs to stuff username 's stocking with some adderall to keep up with all his kids.
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
produk philips beauty antara lain air stylist, hair dryer, lady men shaver, hair staightener, ionic brush@philips id hashtag rambutsehatphilips
username  is there any dosage form other than metoprolol succinate? .i mean other than succinct xl formm
don’t stop taking eliquis unless your dr tells you to.” this msg brought to you by eliquis and your dr* *cheque on the way dr
zender: use mouse liver cancer mouse model and stable rnai to directly conduct in-vivo work on sorafenib sensitizers hashtag aacr14
username username there is a new drug called latuda cat face with tears of joy loudly crying face cat face with tears of joy
username the 10 year anniversary of the vioxx recall is approaching. please remember the scores of thousands hashtag merck slaughtered.
username lol ) n m glad he isnt tagged in the othr convo(wherein there's antara too).coz if he had read it,we wud have died rofling ;)
all i know is, thc and lsd do 10x more for me than xanax, adderall, norcos prozac oxycontin any fucking pill
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username smiling face
username interesting. my dr. told me i was pretty severe, but i have had great results w/ pred and pentasa. hoping humira will be ok.
yep. time for bed for this one. i feel it. mmmm lunesta you do me right
the quest isn't starting bc meridia doesn't want to talk to me lmao
10th floor. oh, city lights. also gerard pique and some fruit-flavored imodium ad.
username i liked the nuvaring answer better hashtag codysvagina
username username i just love the suboxone plug under her picture
.@botticelli44 affirms methadone buprenorphine as gold standard in treatment of opioid-dependent pregnant women
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
has anyone got any experience of venlafaxine they can share with me please ?
username username username ventolin works for me
username i still have those nicotine lozenges you gave me like a year ago and they still suck but luckily they work so fuck it
lilly needs new drugs as it will lose patent protection later this year on its top-selling product, cymbalta for depression.
stripper got me hooked on adderall
username yeah. sorry! it was confirmed by a test. got tamiflu but missed a week of kinder. hashtag teamflushot
7¢/dose benedryl needed to counteract sleeplessness from $7/dose cymbalta.
username username lol i take saphris right now. i also have trazadone..it is worthless to me though.. i take 3 .. nothing.
the most self righteous appalachian fb posters are the ones that sucked dick for darvocet boone's farm in hs. i'm onto you, ladies.
pharmacy joke of today... whenever i count a prescription for januvia i think of the princess diaries
ventolin evohaler , thank you for always being there for me when i need you! green heart  green heart
like if he's being a shit head make him soup and put some miralax in there like eat up bitch. enjoy.
by the way for people too lazy to use google, thalidomide is a drug that led to huge birth defects, like extra toes, swollen head etc.
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
username or make them take that boniva stuff sally field takes.
my step dad just told me i need to take latuda because im bipolar ? smirking face so aree youu ! raised hand expressionless face
going to m&amp;ds the morra. preparing myself already. i've took 14 imodium and packed my arse with papier mache. hyperlink
so gi consultant says no inflammation so humira working but may have to up dose. pain could be scar tissue so mri booked to investigate.
30 - 50% of hashtag diabetes patients who are on other other diabetes drugs are not on metformin hashtag cmicompas
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
like his enbrel adverts rt username twitter poll: phil mickekson. love him. loathe him. don't care
kevin yarasheski of wash u shows good safety profile of sitaglipton for use in hashtag hiv
oxycodone is beautiful in helping numb my pain. thank god for this prescription or i would be miserable
username username smokin on a nicotine stick bitck i'on give a fuck
woo hoo!!!! it's friday and infusion!! time for my nap while getting my ms kicking tysabri and its the 13th, wooooo! lol
username there are two main types of stimulants, one like focalin or concerta and one like adderall or vyvanse. my kiddo is a nightmare
i'm more surprised at how reasonable fda was in accepting $bmy explanation for eliquis clincal data bungle in china than fact it occurred.
vote on approval 4 username spiriva respimat now. seems like its obvious which way it will go per how hashtag fda directed them to vote.
i want to punch every eliquis commercial that has ever been aired.
username i didn't try cymbalta, but it was a combo of an antidepressant and klonopin. turned my life around.
username dexlansoprazole or dexilant 30mg before or after meal once a day. branded ha tag 81pesos each. pro mas mganda pacheck up ka muna.
username aw thanks chum.can't braincell worthy enough bigup back,for u this morn. mixed gabapentin with clopheniramine hashtag vegetableresult
username goodbye ritonavir
username lol - nooo. i have been on trazodone, duloxetine today i am due to start sertraline?? none have even touched the sides as yet
username username but somehow his hga1c is near goal even with avandia ... goal &lt;7 according to ada
antara jonru dan gus sahal *another topic
i think i should take a tablet of gnc burn 60 and go off for my late night jogging. chronic fatigue sydrome sucks. fluoxetine didn't help.
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hashtag vyvanse
username proair emergency symbicort for everyday, has b machine 2. it sucks.
1 8oz glass of miralax laced drink every 20 minutes doesn't sound bad until you realize how filling having to chug it is. only 8 more left!
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
maybe once i get regular on saphris again it will help w that anxiety. whew its not easy. how do people be around ppl and not freak out?
username aw how cute - enjoy procrastinating... i'm doing that as this adderall wears off
username folate b12 yes, gabapentin at 1800mg/day, i'll have go check on the methyl though.
having shingles hurts/sucks, but this gabapentin does not suck n
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
getting ready for finals like 10% luck, 20% skill, 70% concentrated adderall pill
username username username fda approved vioxx. vioxx killed how many?? hashtag cdcvax” lol
you know you're in college when a dude next to you calls for some suboxone then five minutes later calls to confirm his shroom order. face with tears of joy
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
username hmmm levofloxacin in someone with seizures? also why levo?
pretty sure gabapentin is killing me.
username (c) etanercept so i feel your pain! sucks having this illness at our age :( does it work well for you?
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
username i'm in the big leagues. maximum daily dose of pregabalin with co-codamol as backup. wheee!
hashtag aquarius: addition of aliskiren may benefit non- hashtag diabetics already at their bp goal - stephen nicholls hashtag esccongress2013
i like to take cialis and boniva together for a sturdier boner.
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
username your mum took thalidomide u stumpy armed creep
take adderall they said. you won't notice it they said weary face
oh finals week, when i tried to ask for advil or tylenol but accidentally put the two words together and asked for adderall out loud. lol
during the bird/swine flu scares in the past, a lot of tamiflu was sold and no doubt roche did well csl's fluvax became more popular...
triple rx equal to etanercept and mtx. nejm. is this your clinical experience?
antara sebab tak boleh concentrate study? carry marks ee.
tamiflu ... nnt 33 to reduce their fever and malaise, but one in 22 vomits for 3 days straight.  hashtag nnt hashtag acep14
username remicade didn't work. neither did humira or methotrexate. eds causes extra issues. i'm recovering from brain surgery right now.
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
jaclyn looks like she could b in a nuvaring commercial face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy hyperlink
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
username i'd take some oxycodone before that. i need a high that will last.
username youre probably the last lifeguard on earth id trust to rescue me. i'd prefer a thalidomide jumped in for is... but aye a can
improved screening assay for buprenorphine in umbilical cord
*british accent* hey cymbalta are you working today?
username it's weird, although i don't take dihydrocodeine or temazepam very often. yesterday was the first time in months.
prozac, wellbutrin, lexapro, zoloft paxil are not anti-depressants...they're anti-enlightenments...
in the early 1960's when thalidomide babies were being born, the nhs left many of the babies to die….much like they do with pensioners today
stevie nicks confirms christie mcvie is rejoining fleetwood mac. no word if boneva will sponsor...
username methadone, tramadol, zanaflex, xanax, effexor, my sis, my niece, my dad.
username i also have anxiety disorders and borderline personality disorder so they load me down with latuda and neurontin
username i wish i had more metformin to take in one sitting...does that make me a bad diabetic?
username username simply drawing a straight line between afrezza and exubera is beyond stupid. i think mnkd will fall, but not 90%
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
username me and mom have been looking into it, concerning my autistic tendencies as she calls them. i've recently started fluoxetine.
username do we need to rush ny some albuterol inhalers? are they in short supply?
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hashtag onedoseleft
username username the real eylea killer could be vegf/pdgf dual inhibitor from kala pharma, another third rock bob langer co. ;)
knocked you out like that hoe on seroquel
brian vickers in this xarelto commercial. cool
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
username username flovent the inflated salary but not willing to shoulder responsibility . you don't get paid for nothing
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
username username well it works only because ventolin is both, so i lucked out
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
username (2) for no reason at all this morning. and i’ve been on edge all day. reminds me of hashtag pristiq.
rt username we've updated several of our fact sheets, incl. this one on adalimumab (humira registered ) during hashtag pregnancy /breastfeeding-http://…
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
i forgot how quickly lunesta dissolves into wine. science is my friend.
open public hearing time. sid wolfe - public citizen is up. at username hashtag fda spiriva adcom
waaaa vioxx also attended? daebak! they're really gd pals
username it's my nicotine patch. besides, i spend about an eighth of the time i spent on facebook on twitter now.
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hashtag crohns
canagliflozin demonstrates better glycemic control and body weight reduction versus sitagliptin in a 52 weeks clinical study #2013ada
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
have been put on metformin doctor said i should have been on it 20 years ago fine time to tell me
i have no problem in taking tablets and capsules, any size, i can dry swallow, no problem. but temazepam 20mg take the piss, they're massive
p.rosenfeld: eylea might be better at reducing size of peds. va gains may be better in eyes without peds hashtag retina
i think its funny when people ask me what drugs i've taken to lose weight. sorry i don't cheat w/ adderall hashtag sorryallnatural hashtag bodytemple
username best not to get onto loperamide unless you have to travel by bus or similar...
username need to take it a step up. vyvanse is where it's at
anyone taken hashtag vayarin or hashtag latuda? what did you think? hashtag depression hashtag bipolar
username i will, i'm hoping the remicade will help and fast. i've been feeling so awful because i've been off humira for a month!
username i :(! i need cymbalta ..depressed
username i've always been on the pill but some of my friends rave about nuvaring and implanon (tiny hormone stick in your arm)
the silver lining: nebivolol has less ed (willow tree syndrome).
diclofenac is a miracle drug for me. it works on joint pain like nothing else. i might actually sleep well. here's hoping.
rt username no definitive recommendation on how/whether hashtag cardioversion can be done on apixaban - sh hohnloser hashtag ehraeuropace
other day somebody asked me, if i don't enjoy reading about deadly disease why do i read about it. enjoy. how much effexor is she on?
username username should try some fluoxetine dan hashtag psychology
got damn that symbicort really worked im so happy i can finally fucking breath holy shit i take breathing for granted
switching from enbrel to orencia. has anyone done this?- tim
i wonder what would happen if i just stopped taking my fluoxetine
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
username you're going on tour? i hope you bring your walker and your boniva you old b**** . wish i could go but i just lost my dad, i'm broke
hashtag nicenugget cg181:for age &gt;85 consider atorvastatin 20mg to reduce risk of non-fatal mi on the basis of age being an independent risk factor
&gt;feeling needy &gt;no alcohol &gt;no nicotine &gt;nobody near me i guess i've no choice but to cuddle my pillow and cry
username that's what i said last time, and the fucker gave me quetiapine!
username username username i look a bit thalidomide there.
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
pertandingan media berita antara wowfakta vs wowfak you hashtag playboy fuck you :*
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hashtag tryagain
username i have a prescription for nasonex but no clue if it'll work. i'm waiting to see an ear nose and throat specialist.
username sildenafil citrate, sold as viagra, revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction.
username miralax what is that also thank u u rck
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hashtag newmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
crestor commercials are the corniest
mt username  hashtag drhobbylobby, can’t get nuvaring. i’m considering wedging a small, seasonal wreath in my hoo-ha. thoughts? username
data from phase iii trials supports safety, efficacy of linagliptin in treating t2d in african-american adults
hashtag tweetyourweakness nicotine and caffine
put a prozac in her pussy
ventolin, ventolin a puff and the air went in.
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
hypochondriac traveler ready for lift off: maxalt, cipro, tamiflu, hydrocort, benadryl, dramamine decongestant... hyperlink
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
jefferies analysts believe nexium will be a key swing factor for the generic wave in 2015.
times are gettin hard, bitches need their vyvanse person raising hand person raising hand person raising hand
thin lozenge stiff, acer 4820tg main features in regard to valorous exceptional playacting
ranbaxy gets fda nod to sell generic diovan tablets in us: drug major ranbaxy laboratories has received the u.s. health regulator’s a...
some people don't understand weed. why take ibuprofen for headaches, lunesta for insomnia, and horizant for restless leg; or smoke once? victory hand unamused face
username username username username ok na. imodium for the win.
busy few days. tomorrow tysabri which is cool will be full of energy for camping sat and my#82mile walk in 3 weeks!!! hashtag mybiggestchallenge
it's bad when your options to mix ur miralax is champagne, red bull, or wine hashtag constipationproblems
username i have 9 so far. i need malacath. sanguine doesn't follow me so he's not in. errr who else do i need. i need meridia
omg i'm out of nexium and this sinus infection or whatever the crap i have is making my gerd act up really bad. i can't .......
username haha dangg candy never gets old! ;) unless your at username 's house with nicotine m&amp;ms
kowey: good bleeding profile of apixaban has effectively closed the door on asa use for the prevention of stroke in af. hashtag hrs2014 hashtag noacs
username oh i wasn't referring to myself. i'm a geodon fan. ;-)
soriot explains low take-up of brilinta by saying it wasn't marketed well enough
username didn't meridia dare mara to do that?
username the bjork robot + nuvaring
for a high-intensity statin, lean towards atorvastatin 80 mg/day. it has the most evidence for preventing cv events...and is a generic.
right now i would normally smoke dank ass weed but i'll just take 2.5mg of saphris and go back to bed.
just saw a suboxone wrapper laying outside the math building. happy thursday! pill thumbs up
haunting lyrics.  you’re a widow, liquor liver, suboxone under my tongue private numb, one more time for dying young. hashtag eyedea crazy.
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
username viox just drank out of you.
username username jake you're wrong lol. vyvanse has a lysine ester on the amphetamine so your body has to cleave the lysine b4
username just got him from seeing my cf dr. no collapse or pneumonia. start of a flare up probably so 2 weeks of oral cipro......
tomorrow, sending mummers her mother's day postcard and finally picking up my trazodone.
sorry, latuda - you are a drug for bi-polar depression, but your name is ridiculous. also, just repeating latuda has me laughing.
depression hurts, cymbalta can help hashtag peacenova hashtag summertime username username hyperlink
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
shouldn't never took that oxycodone
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
username no he's not that bad. just uses ventolin machine etc
daily saphris time
username damn, i tried methadone but just used it to get high also. suboxone was my savior, kept me normal while i worked....
username omg i saw that too! i was like did they just say grapefruit juice...? good ol latuda xd
i need cymbalta
username i’ll make sure i keep the ventolin up to date! and i agree, if i didn’t think i needed the advair, i’d just use the ventolin
rt username what is antidepressant fluoxetine is prescribed for? hashtag depressiondrugs hashtag ssri  hashtag drug
username hahaha take some miralax lol
username i did ecstasy on citalopram and prozac too... when i dropped on venlafaxine it would have no effect, so i'd skip my meds that day
username please advise if you know of levaquin toxicity/adverse reactions. i am a 4+ year sufferer and chronic pain every day=can u help
username while your kids are sitting get fat like their dad. i'll be the one they need to prescribe metformin to keep them from dying
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
deaf havana//nicotine and alcohol saved my life
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
consider less frequent dosing...alendronate every week, actonel or ibandronate every month, iv boniva every 3 months, or iv reclast yearly.
username hahahaha told you! thalidomide much! haha. her legs are worse in person!
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
here we go, pointless fear of bed. learned behaviour from the insomnia days returns even though the quetiapine now knocks me out *dawdles*
gotta give myself my humira shot later this morning. i’m a coward so i’ve been having my mom do it, but she’s not here sad but relieved face
username username nexium
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
username i totally get that paxil doesn't work for everyone. i'm taking paxil and welbutrin and still have days that suck.
username username don't you take alvesco before season starts? shouldn't be so bad with damp weather x
username bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. this same chemical is found in prozacuhmmmmm
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
not a wwdc announcement is the prozac again. celebrating birthday my hope in that was also knows way to!
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
i was supposed to manually apply our zostavax order today. do you think anyone in my entire district knew how to do it? spoiler, they didn't
s/o to the kid in 4th block viox who leaves pencils behind almost everyday. you the real mvp
don francisco winery entangles fruity leather undertones and a absurd albuterol bouquet in their 1995 semillon. hashtag الارض
mum in hospital receiving zoledronic acid by intravenous infusion for next 6 hours.
let me get some. i have gabapentin 600 mg rt username username just got my stash woman dancing  hashtag cloud9
great news on the medical front, latest mri shows no significant disease progression. tysabri has been a wonder drug!
username ni ok lagi daripada, you're too sweet to me. i need to take metformin for my whole life! hahaha
so i think adderall has been working somewhat. im pretty focused on one thing at a time
soo i jus saw the pradaxa heart medicine commercial last week and they already got the lawsuit commercial on wth didn't they test this drug
convinced jobe that iron man eats applesauce with imodium in it when his tummy hurts so he did it too. i win! thumbs up
$bdsi announce positive top-line results from the ph.3 clinicaltrial of bema buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients with chronic pain
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
username damn dude you’re always breaking bones. get some boniva in you
so i just learned about paula dean. i hope victoza drops her... that way people will quite telling me she's the reason there copays went up.
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
username glad to hear it! advair was my saviour when i had antibiotic-resistant bronchitis earlier this year.
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hashtag geodon
tried nexium for the first time last night. i also think that that's what did it. but the side effects that i heard people were having..lawd
username fluoxetine is shit! why are you on quetiapine?xxx
this tamiflu commercial ain't shit weary face
so i took an adderall to focus clean the pile of poo out of my place then started drinking my vsop i had left.. i think i'm feeling myself.. haha
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
hashtag ibs is not fatal: fiber, antispasmodics, tcas, antimotility agents, and lubiprostone
username may be)) i don't know) i grew up with a smoker (father) so my % of nicotine around me was always higher))
ventolin attacked and defeated sugar eater.
well prozac nation is a pretty sad film
username i've been on it (alongside quetiapine) for two years but just getting stable. really would prefer not to mess with my...
if cnbc combined cialis and humira ads: there i was again, explaining my moderate-severe erectile dysfunction to my down under stylist
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
had a terrible day worry about dexilant uneven spiderman customized honda ray romano. a spam with gene hackman. ransack diarrhea
it is official. meridia and mercer.
so pathetic you can't buy celebrex or even lyrica over-the-counter. lobbyists, greed ruin everything in this melted nation. need both now.
my ventolin cost almost $50. even air isn't free. hashtag asthmaproblems
username tim victoza - good for weight loss?
never freeze your nuvaring
of metformin rt username jesus be a shield rt username deep fried sweet tea on a graham cracker crust username state fair of texas
weather alert: excessive farts warning for audiophile and lunesta counties in sq until 4:00 pm bdt
on my shit this morning hashtag vyvanse hashtag finitetest
username i take atomoxetine but i am 39 i was diagnosed in march this year!
that xarelto commercial was a full length life story
dr. corboy says fda has monitored tysabri closer than any other drug. only risk with tysabri is progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
username haha... i'm on avelox. 400 mg. one daily. postan forte. thrice a day. i wish beer was an anti-biotic.
twitter crowd-sourcing my new meds. who has experience on effexor? positive, negative, indifferent? aaaaand, go!
bila ada sifat give and take between each other . faham antara satu sama lain .
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
username what's fluoxetine?
username username but (1) they had the highest average dose used in a trial (2) not plausible valsartan has this effect.
that shit addictive af username when oxycodone is needed tired face ”
rt username username not the cough suppressant ones. it should just be a throat lozenge made only of pectin. feel better soon…
username username username whew thought i had forgot to take my metformin when i saw this (see diabetics can be fun guys)
username loperamide hydrochloride is a saint, a saint i tell ye!
guess since i'm not retiring yet, then i don't have to get up tomorrow. beer and lunesta for a midnight snack.
liquid fluoxetine tastes so so rank i want the tablet form pls
hashtag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
in afib v. warfarin. apixiban is shown as superior to warfarin. only one so far. hashtag iuimgr hashtag meded
username your company has no scruples! how do you dare to put a child in a symbicort ad? hashtag noscruples hashtag bigpharma
rt username username username username finally, ph2 tysabri trials included crohn's disease - indication dropped early in…
username what r ur exubera flashbks? i'm a journo writing article on afrezza f/@naturebiotech. email me at jklling@gmail.com
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
i just took another adderall and am waiting for jesus to take the wheel for me this finals week
username focalin and vyvanse always top dogs
i feel like a medication being named victoza means either that someone named victor won a bet or they are officially out of drug names.
that pristiq commercial with the wind up people is the depression
carbamazepine, phenytoin, gabapentin, pregabalin can exacerbate generalized seizure syndromes.
i can't stop crying i ran out of adderall and coke how do they expect me to study
bitches snorting adderall before the exam.. hashtag finals..
username i'll take my olanzapine then. sis-sis doesn't taser me then.. *boggles*
username fda warns vs. unregistered diet orange juice with amphetamine, sibutramine
username summer / royce / meridia
depression hurts , cymbalta can help username i'm so depressed , i need to stop .
username get some tamiflu it works awesome
username lmaooooo stoooooop i literally laughed out loud!!! the prune juice wasn't really getting the job done, had to use miralax
ranbaxy and username fail to derail pay for delay trial on nexium in the us. uncertain negative for ranbaxy
whatever works. right?! username username crush some imodium up get him to snort a line. go on steve!”
username username username username you can only hope their chocolate isn't as bad as their so called journalism, imodium on standby
azura and meridia are considered not to be completely evil as they have been known to help mortals without giving them dark consequences.
sulbutamol to ventolin nebulizer now.. getting better. no more steroid injection :)
they literally jack off to jack kerouac -inspirational words of antara
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hashtag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hashtag diabetes
the anxiety username today really stood out to me. with the help of effexor, i'm finally working on getting my license. i'm 21.
i've been soooo emo that i didn't realize i ran outta trazodone! def gotta get that refill tomorrow! whew lawd!
username the active ingredient in the over the counter meds here is loperamide hydrochloride.
you know your adderall is working when you daydream about cleaning your room
schroedl advocates a role for specialist palliative care in hospitalized copd patients. better education for pulmonologist? username
username i’ve a headache. slight upset tummy. a runny bum. i’m taking imodium and fast steps to the bathroom.
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
username bob dole pitched viagra.... could the pres be in line for a nexium sponsorship deal? #2016ideas
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
today i start my two week weening-off-prozac regimen!
when i can't sleep i start list the drugs i know if alphabetical order - abciximab, acamprosate, alendronate... zzzzzz(olpidem, opiclone)...
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hashtag mspals
i'm beginning my drug dealing journey one bottle of trazodone at a time.
bombshell in nexium trial by fda's kessler: data not show nexium better than prilosec.
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
username eliquis launch weighing them down
username already tried that. looks like im gonna have to take a bunch of seroquel.
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
username they arrived! hashtag quittingcigs hashtag nicotine hashtag lozenge hyperlink
sun and ranbaxy gain on usfda approval for diovan
username they want to try cymbalta for it but well see. i have some research to do first. i take enough meds as is thanks. blah
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hashtag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
condoms, the pill, nuvaring, depo shot, diaphragm, iud, patch, etc. stop having fucking children if you aren't prepared.
bitches wanna cheers do motherhood lol nahh bitch my nuvaring gets put in every month lol person gesturing NO
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
timothy mcdaniels of username can see what some of what valuation for risk decisions should be like in username tysabri case study
username i see. when we were working on our story, one eye doc told me he used injection eye drug for both eylea and avastin. ugggh.
username lubiprostone has been shown to be safe when used for 6 to 12 months. people who depend on laxatives to have a bowel movement need
username antara again damn
standard exelon imperial a diy favorite and one of the best values in flooring. hyperlink
i really hope crestor paid that guy in their commercial extremely well. what's the going rate for dignity these days?
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
username : if you think latuda is right for you, contact your doctor.
oooh a xarelto username commercial. then a username sprint commercial right afterwards. its not even a race on
increased influenza virus activity in kerala and karnataka, india. early case detection treatment with oseltamivir will reduce mortality
username username thankfully no side effects from the neurontin
username yes, been on tysabri for 18mths. no new scars since. b4 that i was sliding into 2ndry progressive.
prescription drug commercials trip me out...you may want to kill yourself, but your foot will feel better. try lyrica today.
tofacitinib citrate, a drug used to treat rheumatoid arthritis has helped patients regain a full head of hair. hashtag baldness hashtag alopecia
nexium is about to be my new best friend. it worked instantly. raising hands raising hands
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
this commercial for victoza is literally all side effects and things that go wrong.
fart defeated tired resolve zostavax tardy travel to toilet cuban restaurant michael douglas a charley horse just farted robert griffin iii
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
celecoxib 400mg cap stat! ow yea. i miss. with tambalang melpol! hashtag potd hashtag pain hashtag pfizer hashtag protein hashtag awesome hashtag ignation ... hyperlink
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
weather alert: imodium ad warning for reggae and popmorn counties in st until 9:30 am nst
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
username hoping the enbrel has come in time to stop the need, but i fear not really.
probably not a good idea to chase this nexium down with coffee buuuut..
rt username [drug applications] fda issues complete response letter for xarelto (rivaroxaban) to reduce the risk of stent... hyperlink
if ur suffering from bi-polar suppression take latuda
drinking a glass of cold water is more effient at waking you up than coffee.
man on tv says don't take victoza if you're allergic to it. really? duhhhhh....
avonex $53,000/year copaxone $53,000/year gilenya $60,000/year rebif $55,000/year tecfidera $78,000/year tysabri $96,000/year a cure? nope
just told my boyfriend that i have to stop taking cialis because of the bad drug commercials i meant to say xarelto hashtag hesaidwtf
employee - drug discounts - save up to 52 % - metoprolol succinate
vyvanse got be awake
life is like suboxone chocolate
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
username oh he raised the vimpat in hopes to slowly take me off one of the other meds. don't know which one.
username i'm pretty sure the symptoms for cymbalta are worse than being depressed” hashtag sotrue
i know things in life could be easier with hashtag diazapam hashtag tremazepam hashtag effexor hashtag fluoxetide, but it wouldn't solve the problem. hashtag alwaysthehardway
these new class of anticoagulants 'dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban' - sounds like transformer names!  hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
username here is a fun fact about the hashtag almonds, a handful of almonds gives the same effect as a dose of hashtag prozac!
subway's combo meal now comes with 50 mg of either prozac, zoloft or paxil
username uveitis. i lost my left eye last year, infliximab protects against uveitis better than enbrel so i was lucky to be switched.
username i'm hoping that i get on the zyprexa. the gi was pretty sure it would help the nausea and i know it'll help the crazies.
time to clean, write cards, make kandi and play with my new mix board hashtag vyvanse
plus i also take 1200mg ibuprofen a day (can't have steroids, obviously) and if things go well i could add neurontin if needed. hashtag determined
stuck watching a victoza commercial. why the fuck would anyone take this? get your type 2 diabetic ass into the gym
do they know tamiflu (brand-name flu medication) is good for ebola?
username username has decided that i should not take paxil or strattera after years without depression who knows what will happen
username username isn't that for pain relief? yeah maybe if u had pain. and inflammation. did they hv tamiflu too?
username because 2 days probably isn't enough to really notice if it helping you yet. you could go back on 1/2 the lamictal.
username i would get a follow from you while i’m waiting on my seroquel script to get filled.
clear eyes full adderall prescription can't loose hashtag finals2k14
i am contemplating dropping a bombshell at my psychiatrist cpa review by saying i cannot tolerate olanzapine any more and want to come off!!
prozac can make it better
username ah i see. yeah i am on pristiq for anti-d, then lunesta and xanax as needed as well as adderall for add. i'm a mess!
time to take a seroquel then off i go ~ zzzz
whilst in the us can't get over how many tv adverts there are for meds, including apixaban, pradaxa etc hope we never end up like this hashtag nhs
my holy fast: only water, beer and varenicline are permitted. i call it a holy fast because, holy, things are moving really, really fast.
prozac can go down the drain
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
latuda will cure your manic depressive disorder, but can reduce white blood cells.......... which can be fatal.... OK button COOL button
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
username i guess i'm smart enough. you say messing, i say perturbing. i looked up cymbalta withdrawal and can understand where you are...
via njpdes: mmospito diovan 320 mg encontre farmcis urb ls florrsta mcbo hashtag maracaibo
just got confirmation ill be doing my buprenorphine and my ketamine medicinal research projects next semester!
username mermade story was genius. the thalidomide human recovery/overcome story is beautiful. humans are so great. :)
username t t thanx.. *take another lozenge..
username lol... makes you feel better, when my oldest grads., my youngest will start k! i'll be a mess! hashtag prozac hashtag alcohol
onglyza (saxagliptin) will stay an also-ran in dpp-iv class, says deutsche bank following failed 16,500 patient savor trial
username i have used the ventolin a few more times when i got particularly wheezy
username username had to recheck what loperamide was, but yeah. that works. lol
this xarelto has way too many medical terminology words that most people wouldn't understand!
you know, if you actually read game of thrones you wouldn’t have needed that prozac smoothie for breakfast this morning.
note to self: put bananas on office ledge. username bananas contain a natural chemical, also found in prozac, that can make a person happy
rt username some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
the doctor put me on some antibiotics and gave me a prescription for symbicort
username exelon has financial interest in pushing gas prices up. higher gas prices mean increased profits from merchant hashtag nuclear
clozaril has been approved and is the next med in line should latuda stop working. (which is what history says will happen, eventually)
initial risk seen in tiotropium respimat was not borne out by subsequent study. hashtag asthma hashtag copd hashtag chest2014
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
username advair is not a rescue inhaler, but is specifically designed to treat copd. please. stop!
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
username switched to suboxone at 20mg so i'm not sure how critical dispensing accuracy is at low doses, but i bet its pretty important
im getting off my tysabri meds treatment&amp;going 2 try the new pill on the mkt called tecfidera hv 2 try something new no more needles! tired
some gross old dude at a red light in a viox services truck just repeatedly gave me a 'come here' finger while i was waiting at a bus stop.
username higher doses of loperamide (40-100 mg) have been reported anecdotally to be effective for those with limited options
username username i've had friends fam do hashtag enbrel for me; i feel like hashtag humira would be trickier to have someone else do. hashtag rheum
when you vote tmrw, think whether ilga candidates will oppose exelon bailout costing hashtag illinois ratepayers $580m/year. hashtag twill hashtag nonukebailout
there's no way i'm getting all this work done if i don't get some adderall or something. loudly crying face
username username username username username username username username dr put me on cipro best thing for bronchitis
i'm hungry but it's 4:30 am and there's nothing i want in the kitchen. i'll have to scrounge up a snack though when it's time for metoprolol
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hashtag tolerance hashtag fml
ahora estoy googleando culebrilla+paracetamol, culebrilla+diclofenac working my way up to oxycodone and shit. fort style.
cant cope coming off hashtag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
username i'm tellin' ya--get an rx for fluticasone nasal spray--two sprays each nostril one time daily--you'll love it!
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
interesting hashtag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
never heard of the drug sibutramine before. turns out it was pulled from us market in 2010. why is it an answer choice if we dont use it? pouting face
username they want to double my infliximab but have to have a trough test first back on steroids he gave me imodium x
ranolazine does not reduce hashtag afib recurrence after cardioversion hashtag hrs2014, role will be as a combo drug, our center experience has been good
username we have imodium for diarrhoea. we have no cure for ebola. next question.
yknow you cant eat nuts, but you want to eat em so badly, so standby dia ventolin and allergy meds thumbs down
username yes aspirin, oxycontin oxycodone benadryl
username holy batman!!!! valsartan release party tomorrow! sparkles sparkles sparkles
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hashtag np hashtag cymbalta
dr said to put the nuvaring in the fridge when i get home. i won't be home until later tonight. is it okay in room temp or put it in
username trapper needs vick, not the caller but the lozenge.  hashtag smackoff
username depression hurts, cymbalta helps ««really? with all them side effects it got? o.o
hashtag amyloidosis patients who fail to respond to subcutaneous bortezomib may respond to iv administration
all other medicationsfor type 2 such as janumet,byetta,victoza,januvia and avandia are all in court for pancreatic cancer.
i need some fuckin lunesta or nyquill or something
username if by pay for drugs you mean his behavioral therapy sessions and suboxone then yeah. totally. hashtag drugdealer
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hashtag seriouslykillmeplease
username username nuvaring been working for me for 2 years
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
username username highly doubt this is on anyone's radar in postmortem, similar in structure to gabapentin
i just don't want to be on synthroid forever. hopefully, it'll be temporary.
username antara buku melayu dixi je kot yg i macam attracted. not to judge a book by its cover, but fixi's cover are gorgeousss
username are you thinking of thalidomide
twitter after hours is like a cymbalta commercial. hashtag sodepressing
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hashtag crazypeopleproblems
a smoke first thing in the morning is basically adderall
have you ever seen the exorcist? me on 600mgs of seroquel. sorry to spoil the ending. luckily i don't remember any of it.
a incomprehensible sour cream flavor and exotic albuterol overtones are blended in the 2011 sauvignon blanc from pepsi vineyards. hashtag men
secretly scared of people who take adderall
yeah, i'm sure drinking a glass of milk, that you are allergic to, is better than taking your boniva - awesome
and opium cocaine meth suboxone percocets
omggg .. thought i ran out of vyvanse but i just found my last one .. thank the lord !!! looks like ill be on a cleaning frenzy after all (;
why does phil mickelson look like he is cgi in his enbrel commercials?
that furry symbicort commercial with the anthro wolves, though!! :3!
forgot to take my nexium the last two mornings so you could say i'm in a lot of pain....
username 31st may - 2nd june some shops will not sell nicotine in support of no nicotine day~~
username username and you thought you were the one that couldn't shut up. she takes imodium for twitter, to keep from running off
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
the adderall diaries: day 2- chemically induced friendliness
google plus freaks me out especially after realizing moxifloxacin is contraindicated in patients with arrhythmias - dah!!
another movie i hadn't seen: prozac nation. it also wasn't love, but it held my attention.
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username so you chose humira over remicade right? i dnt get tired after it, even when i first got started on remicade.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username oh i was on buspirone for a while! it didn't do anythign for me tho. i asked bc ppl on effexor and pristiq get brainzaps as
talking about new med names at work: latuda and saphris. if it was pink saphris everyone would think of pink sapphires. hashtag mentalhealth
watching 'elf' noticed tamiflu promotional poster in doctor's office scene. wonder if it actually boosted sales. hashtag productplacement hashtag pharma
hey is that murphy in that nexium commercial?  hashtag finderskeepers
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hashtag stopnuvaring2014
just seen even more people prescribed quetiapine for not psychosis or mania. for insomnia and anxiety. fucksake. joke prescribing.
username acid, and 20mg oxycontin twice a day for the neuropathy. gabapentin helps the neuropathy too, but nothing to scream about
imagine a uranium's or thorium's reactor which you are carrying above your neck forget to spray fluticasone propionate username
username they must think i came up the lagan in a bubble. i'll be at their door in the morning with milk of magnesia and imodium
impede marc anthony labor day advair diskus losing used kotter ministry latter toad stool softener? wane cat's cradles dog play moo
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
do not take prolia if you are pregnant or looking to get pregnant
we need addies, ritalin, focalin, vyvanse
username running out of alcohol fast and like if i take trazodone after i drink i wont wake up right?
username i suspect the huge amt of detailing for bystolic evident in that figure will come as little surprise to username
shoulda put a nuvaring on it person tipping hand person tipping hand person tipping hand
hashtag nejmchat more on max dose of valsartan: valsartan 160mg bid seems equivalent to captopril 50mg tid (valiant) and enalapril 10mg bid...
just found out my favorite bracelet is actually a nuvaring :(
username username username username username good evidence for varenicline but not magic bullet for all hence choice good
oxycodone xanax or bars would do me justice right now
username avandia case. call reilly posner and demand your money. any members of the media who want the whole story send me a direct
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
rt username fda investigating two deaths after olanzapine injections: the unexplained deaths of two patients a few days af... hyperlink
because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
username username genocidal bastards. they know that tamiflu isn't worth a flying fuck and does more harm then good.
finally home after a 4pm hospital appointment! went well, new neurologist agreed to take me off lousy lacosamide try topamax :-) hashtag epilepsy
username allora buona serata da cipro tony! i'm laughing...i don't even speak italian for god's sake lol
username from clive. a doctor will ring me back about lunchtime. i'm very minded to not take rivaroxaban today.
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
it's an obsession can't you see? just hand me the paroxetine. (8)
harum-scarum: excluding daydreaming so vesicate resultant the pacifistic lozenge attend
username username username username username no lack of asthma here. advair and albuterol keep me semi-normal.
but for real, i love hot pink so cody needs to tell me where to buy a hot pink nuvaring he has on his clit right now. hashtag bb16
username seroquel spliffs are my preference
if you didn't wanna get pregnant then you shoulda put a nuvaring on it hashtag girlcode
if osteoporosis leads to depression then why does sally field look like she has a hanger in her mouth in boniva commercials efff youuu rucon
username username don't worry about it, i was terrified the first time i had tysabri and now i'm so much more active because of it.
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hashtag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hashtag onglyza ht…
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
username username username username my picks for today's fortucky derby brought to you by crestor
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hashtag notgood
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
username pacers are like jay humping his wife on paxil. they can't finish! hashtag jaymohrsports hashtag afootshorter
listen to me little children. eye am writing and teaching today. listen to what god says. every word. meye father the crestor is speaking
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
hugh grant joss whedon and have diarrhea east ghee flovent hfa daniel clowes paper cooks thought maybe taxes george washington
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
pharmachem people, is $400 for a month of generic pregabalin a reasonable price for a simple molecule with a simple synthesis?
lunesta i need a butterfly to land on my face and knock me the heck out please and thank you.
username aw thxxxxx :)
turns out i got pregnant while on nuvaring so steer clear of it ladies!!!
username i've been doing nexium 40 mg to help stomach acid and then i had a few others plus ulcer medication for my throat mouth stomach
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
and so it was decreed on this day in 2013, year of our lord that my first born shall be nameth cymbalta.
username great sponsors supporting wcth tv boost sketchers lyrica hersheys maytag volkswagen healthy habits hashtag hearties take notice!
username what an effin great life we lead.....................not! hashtag quetiapine
white crowned hornbill. antara species bornean hornbill yg paling paling rare nak jumpa. hyperlink
username met is the typical go to however not best for ibd as hard on intestines. diamicron with onglyza have worked well 4 me.
username username username run whilst you can before that temazepam kicks in!!! face screaming in fear face screaming in fear face screaming in fear
username you stopped cimzia? now using remicade? is it better? i have crohn's crohn's arthritis. starting humira soon. hope it works
rt username batman voice i need a lozenge.
rt username dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hashtag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hashtag ehraeuro…
oh levaquin, you are a harsh mistress. hashtag fuckmrsa no offense, mrs. a.
username what about oxycontin xanax valium concentra adderall
username saw piece u did on constellation exelon merger. do u know anyone in media that covers that company? have nugget that is topical.
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
blue skies, power goes out. thanks username i'm sure that merger with exelon is totally what's going to fix this crap. totally.
vioxx spirit pile into after that caress faqs: .ypa
any use of fosamax in dogs? have a mall mix 14yo primary hyperparathyroid.. surgery not an option. pamidronate=decline in kidney function
goodmorning world!! it's gonna be a good day of class. *pops vyvanse*
username username eliquis does not have an antidote. not sure about xarelto. scribe's mom was in icu 10 days last fall, on eliquis...
username maybe some memantine too :(
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
sildenafil can do this rt username what is dead may never die.... but rises again harder and stronger
diabetes drugs glp1 victorza (novo nordisk) byetta januvia carry a risk of cancer januvia causes 3 times the risk  of pancreatic cancer.
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
username yh doc won't diagnose him cos age only given him ventolin there so shit pouting face glad u guys r gd xx
i really shouldn't argue with cricket fans/horse racing enthusiasts. it's like taking candy from a thalidomide baby. just no challenge.
everytime i see a hashtag cymbalta commercial, they're saying it does something new. is it a miracle drug? is hashtag cymbalta jesus?
xarelto really just had a side effect of death. if anyone has the balls to try it hashtag kudos
exelon likely to benefit from new epa rules -- eventually
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
my wife and i attended a drug dinner for brilinta ....how nerds do free date night. ; )
username username username in holland govt+insurance companies very reluctant to pay for febuxostat hashtag onywhocanafford? ;-(
sabril was found to cause blindness a few years ago hashtag panorama
username username username hahaha!!! the suboxone ad for her classier self face with tears of joy squinting face with tongue
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
maybe this is just an elaborate way of announcing that nuvaring is her new sponsor... my mind is still processing that interview.
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
username just on twitter key levaquin or floxed and i found drs. that do know...why does it not spread to the rest????
username username at the moment i need to be supported by either imodium or a nappy for runners/easy to carry loo roll brand.
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
username bloody mary's &gt; tamiflu
just when you think he doesn't get any lower rt username hoped that don lemon clip was a lunesta inspired joke but it was indeed real.
hey it is the flying nun, she looks great, must be the boniva
username username an really hoping it's the jabs, between this the ventolin the cough you'd wonder about this parenthood crack
50mg temazepam and 5 shots of anaesthetic did nothing. i was wide awake and felt everything.  yes, i am a boss.
no more vyvanse grinning face with sweat get ready for me
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
pfizer's 10-year-old leukemia drug mylotarg increases the chance of your child; teach them to see the emptiness of existence; it is up to
can't watch this thalidomide programme without thinking of the nofx song
username username is a druggy everyone oxycontin and adderall aren't drugs.
username lunesta all visiting you? my cousin, boniva loves to visit...
username another one for you, women prepare yourself for username with the gag lozenge now available hyperlink
swiss jeune fille lozenge offers the world's leading calling being as how processed pantophagist overstate and n: .yob
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
me: i hate my life. tv: *plays cymbalta commercial*
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
ugh i hate metformin im sick
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
well my doctor just put me back on vyvanse after i told him i didn't really want to be back on it....asshole listen to what i'm saying!
username username one word fluticasone so helped me in 48 hrs had amoxocillian too hashtag fellbettersis hyperlink
i expect dally fields to thank boniva  hashtag oscars
username username ezetimibe, bile acid sequestrants. rosuvastatin and atorvastatin are very effective in fh.
depression hurts... cymbalta can help username
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
xanax, flomax, lamictal, risperdal, and melatonin = my nightcap.
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
advair and albuterol story of my fucking life
i nominate username for the hashtag miralaxchallebge. 2 cups miralax to bring awareness to prostate cancer.
username holly i would stay away from tysabri and start the tecfidera. make sure b4 you start tecfidera your doc tests you for jc virus
username username i had this one brain trust who calls me in a panic because he has sob turns out he was using symbicort 8x/d
somalis b da happiest username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
don't take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. well gee, thanks pharmaceuticals.
username 1 prozac a day
this week reminds me to be thankful for having an adderall prescription
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
username do we need to rush ny some albuterol inhalers? are they in short supply?
username i’m on advair, and carry my ventolin with me everywhere :)
and tysabri is much more expensive than the very expensive avonex but you get it at dr office so insurance covers it.
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
username who's asthmatic?? a ventolin inhaler is around 1700 ..last tym i used it.a symbicort inhaler is 8000bob..but its very effective.
so the warning label on my lunesta says it may cause drowsiness
username good info. my experience with people on suboxone has been disappointing to say the least
username adderall and coffee diet starts today hashtag examweek so accurate it hurts
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
only new info in $regn report is eylea guidance of $1.7b-1.8b vs cons 1.75b - the rest has been previously reported
username stability?! lol i meant symbicort
dog corn. pontiac bang the pianist turd blitzer. katy perry smelly constipation synthroid a dog biscuit cannacoin facebook crud
username you need a lozenge or sumn?
strattera or effexor common
username butrans. buprenorphine based pills...heaven smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
username we certainly do need to stick together, we've got a great online community here! and i'm on weekly enbrel also, has helped alot
username which isn't to say suboxone isn't a good mat drug, or that i even have much of a problem with diverted suboxone.
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hashtag cipro…
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
german drug company gruenenthal that invented thalidomide finally issues apology but no compensation for victims hashtag thalidomide - 50 years on
exelon $exc q3 adj.eps usd 0.78 vs. exp. usd 0.72 hashtag stocks
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
similar lack of instructions with man taking non-xl venlafaxine all in one rather than split dose.
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
username username username username u hv to take yr asprin n metoprolol in time as scheduled by doc!careful.
someone get username some seroquel, pls.
username username that has nothing to do with why. the why of it is the price charged in us vs, say, mexico. compare $ crestor here there.
ricky gervais george washington just farted dexter giveaway monty haul you farted huh? we barf leveled my friend. my friend fresh zostavax
username going on a short course of prendisone which is never fun, but its not anything new! i would take humira over prendisone any day
maybe its nicotine maybe shes a danceraybe shes a beauty queen
rt username hashtag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hashtag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
taking vyvanse in the summer is insane
stopped believing in super heroes when i discovered what adderall was...like shut up superman you got a prescription, no wonder you can fly
i'm not kidding who has adderall
2:13 pm 10tv showed the spiriva ad. a man takes the spiriva elephant for a car ride in a convertible. they go to a county fair. loved it!
 unamused face my boss tried giving me adderall today. saying how if i do it. i wouldn't stop cutting hair today. nah b unamused face
rt username would you buy hashtag medication from this sales rep? username isn't promoting victoza but is still hashtag diabetic. hyperlink
fucking saphris
thoughts while watching that spiriva commercial: does that dude really have a pet elephant?
username mt username i've asked this before but can't remember. sominex when on duloxetine pregabalin. okay or not?
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
nexium trial: defense (agreements often signed at same time) vs plaintiff expert (licensing deals like this as rare as hen's teeth).
$aezs jury verdict in favor of astrazeneca in nexium pat litigation
tamiflu already on the shorts expressionless face
news flash: facebook purchases rosetta stone....dr. discovers tamiflu has no effect on ebola.
we are happy to announce that we now offer suboxone for outpatient/ambulatory detoxification from opiates.
username everyone on nexavar cld buy natco's generic for 8800/mon insteaf of bayer's 2.8l/mon. it is for liver cancer-
i just calculated that i've taken 45,000 milligrams of suboxone in my lifetime. i'm an opiate cyborg.
i want to hear phil talking about a hashtag usopen win, not about prescription enbrel. hashtag sadface hashtag maybenextyear
# 10 doses of tysabri and doing ok!!
username lol i'm gonna go nexium and ill let u know how it works username
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
u know u ghetto when your cousins name latuda and his cousins are latiqua and ladasha.....not that i have a cousin like that hehehe
seroquel, let the match begin.
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
$tkpyy  maybe,takeda made mass media attack novartis valsartan, in order to raise sales for azilsartan in japan.
the new throat lozenge from p.o.m hyperlink
dude i love meridia
i got a call from username explaining fully how cipro is fucking him up but he's getting it sorted.
username username username username username probs caused by the 1st rx like fish oil, nexium etc. probiotics will prob b nxt
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
username if its got valsartan in it why didn't they compare with valsartan?
username wtf for how long tamiflu is going to be conjugal holidays :)
week 2 of viibryd
hot stock update: fart imodium ad main plant burns down; slim shady recommends: buy
username username username hashtag risperdal, hashtag levaquin, the hips, now knees too, exelon, sec in greece et al gorsky is a nightmare
survived the non-venlafaxine disaster with diazepam. home now, thank fuck, with the medication some zop imbibed. should be okish tomorrow.
hope my doctor will prescribe me restoril instead of seroquel for sleep or else i'm gonna be paying 80 dollars a month just to fall asleep tired face face with steam from nose
hashtag asco13 for@ccalliance dr. dy at jhu pain mgmt, duloxetine very little success in peripheral neuropathy do 2 side effects some have min bene
took hashtag lamotrigine #11 at 0430 utc
valsartan 160mg bid seems equivalent to captopril 50mg tid (valiant) and enalapril 10mg bid.
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hashtag nightmare hashtag bloodbath
anybody know what seroquel is?
rt username hashtag fda expands use of sunovion's latuda in major depressive episodes associated w/ bipolar i disorder hyperlink
username username username loads lol tramadol morphine tabs,duloxitine,amitriptyline zoplicone sleeping pils a few more :-)
i think arthritic nerve pain are tag teaming me right now:/ hands/wrists ankles/feet covered in volatren and neurontin taken. hashtag spoonie
may be put on a higher dose of fluoxetine aswell.. hmmh..
if confirm bipolar then should get the fluoxetine. by the meantime,go to sleep is good
username only the atrovent is available for nebulizer, flovent is only an inhaler and unavailable for nebulizer.
hashtag teamwestwind hard at work username exelon lasalle flex storage, braceville, il hyperlink
username suck on a throat lozenge
news: james cameron surfs shampoo jovial marmalade. no flood netflix yugoslavia. your nexium poo abraham lincoln conduct a moron i.q.
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
prozac xanax vodka whiskey gin before bedtime makes me so frisky two naughty men, tied up w/string these are a few of my favorite things
username medication - not a cop out. i took pristiq for 6 mths, just to stabilise serotonin. no side effects. made a huge difference.
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
hashtag onrundersea hall - use of tiotropium bromide to reduce pulmonary oxygen toxicity
username i tried gabapentin - side effects too high for me. amytriptyline. vicodin. ultram. few others.
username thank you username for letting me perform homeless and nicotine tonight!! grateful for the opportunity!!!”
i wonder what apple's reason is for making a thalidomide phone charger cable.
hashtag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hashtag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hashtag health
ask ur rheumatologist if enbrel is right for u
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
hashtag fda bright: fda recommending registry w/ internal comparator for $mnkd's hashtag afrezza in light of $pfe exubera lung cancer concerns hashtag emdac
username umm take an adderall clams you the fuck down!
before enbrel sureclick finished, the needle retracted. instinctively pushed it back in o o. idk if it went in the same finished?! hashtag rheum
i wish vyvanse was like a switch that i could turn on and off.
rt username my mom's friend asked what workout i do to keep my stomach so flat. when i told her vyvanse and coffee she didn't look too…
alright i have to get stuff done, work with me vyvanse
hashtag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
rt username fda rejects nda for xarelto to prevent stent thrombosis in acs patients. (story to follow in the pm.)
use of metformin throughout pregnancy in women with ( hashtag pcos) has shown to reduce the rates of early pg loss, preterm labor and gestational dm
username i knew i was washed when i had to start taking nexium after eating some hot cheetos
lunesta in hand: ok, what???? hashtag theblacklist
username i had cipralex and got side effects it made me worse!! so they gave me fluoxetine and it really helped its quite popular :) xxx
really? you think taking miralax while pregnant caused your kids autism? i guess you really can't fix stupid
username username username username thank god. our family is so ready to get off the efavirenz train. it's gr8 at viral suppression, but...
username username username exactly... seems they rely more on tamiflu themselves. so why the hype to get immunized???
4. formulation and evaluation of new material from ellagic acid and rosuvastatin as adjunct to bone graft for alveolar bone regeneration...
the year 2063. sally field, nearly immortal from her daily boniva intake, invites strangers to crack her over the head with planks stones.
username username now we are told to go out and buy tamiflu if we get sick. hashtag scam
ok for the record. i have sleep deprivation i am taking temazepam as of yesterday. i did not wash it down with vodka. water only
it's time for my enbrel injection. let's do this.
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawal hashtag depression
username 1/2 januvia daily. after lunch 155; then 145; now 111. (within 4 hours)going crazy.
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
username my youngest had it over thanksgiving break, but tamiflu knocked it out quickly. hope you have same good luck!
username fluoxetine is a common one, but i've not tried it. i'm terrified of new medications in case they give me side effects
goddammit. ins is insisting i use mailorder for humira. gonna try to get out of that if at all possible. i hate caremark plus ups is an ass.
thanks to all my re-tweeters, your support is very much appreciated. i took the full dosd of olanzapine last night hashtag sluggish
pike county is the number one county for prescriptions for buprenorphine products in kentucky. hashtag opitateaddcition
username thanks steve. how many times would you redose before giving up for the day? had 6 loperamide today eviplera twice :-/
hashtag download aggrenox - a medical dictionary, bibliography, and annotated research guide to internet references - icon health… username
i haven't taken geodon since that year. clearly lol.
i need nicotine !!!
i like the username nexium commercials during hashtag znation winking face
ambien for sleep problems. imitrex for migraine headaches. lipitor for high cholesterol. xanax for anxiety. lexapro or prozac for...
username ibrufen is brufen that isnt working with me idk y how abt celecoxib can i take that after 8 tabs of paracetamol with omepeazole?
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
ferc approves merger of exelon and phi holdings inc. (exelon corporation) .
username i'm on fluoxetine ;)
i think i found my anti-nicotine. it is waaaaay healthier.
serves 24? no it didn't.  send help. and someone with 500mg metformin asap. hyperlink
username have some quetiapine .. 700mg a day.. it will make your penis big
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
yo, i should not have taken that weed lozenge
saxagliptin achieves noninferiority in hashtag savor-timi 53 - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
username i understand. i used to take enbrel before it was covered. newer autoimmune rx take awhile to get in formularies. username
username after 321 deaths, the median survival was significantly longer in the sorafenib group (10.7 months vs. 7.9 months on placebo; haz
username i read the article, too. i think if this was serious, lots of newsies would be all over it especially after vioxx issues.
username i hear humira has similar results as remicade. bonus is you don't have to sit through infusions. good luck!
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
username (c) he has lost a lot of weight that way. the pergolide hasn’t helped him lose any weight, and he still almost foundered.
username no. diagnosed april, stage 3 of 7. on namenda supposed to slow process.not a fast disease. symptoms began yr ago.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
the hardest part about masturbating in a hotel room is i have to keep interrupting myself to take another imodium
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
username there was that time. i mean, it involved a bottle of miralax and six hours in the bathroom, but...yeah.
omeoprazol+ diclofenac = fin de finde.
username i do , i survived stage 4 follicular thyroid carcinoma and all i got was this lifetime supply of elevated synthroid suppression
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
rt username wait” *pops vyvanse*  now beer me”
username that's what i was so confusing. only thing i did differently was increase bystolic and add digoxin. failing all else. go to sleep
username bienvenido al honorable club nexium zantac omeprazole prilosec. it sucks, you're gonna love it!
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
$pbyi better do the right thing and give those mice some loperamide ahead of the new tox studies
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
