username you can get synthroid for about $15/mo. that's what i take. can't remember how much the tests were but not much. maybe
hashtag bayer says hashtag nexavar fails in hashtag breastcancer phase iii study. nexavar approved for some types of hashtag liver, hashtag kidney, hashtag thyroid hashtag cancer.
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
is lily hammer ( tradjenta ) is good for you? has it been tried? it doesn't make you itch?
not watching tv 'noise' channels is another way 2 treat :) rt username cnbc-tv18 alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
hashtag merck looses appeal to israeli s.ct over hashtag alendronate hashtag patent; ct affirms patent registrar and lower court; affirms total costs of ~$140k
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
talk to your doctor to see if: cialis crestor cymbalta fosamax humira lunesta lyrica raptiva spiriva yaz are right for you?
username hehe thanks!! i'm happy for me too :)
username username sorry keep falling asleep i've pestered all i can law onto themselves. on oxycontin oxynorm lyrica more!!
username have you tried username oseltamivir 4 secondary contacts? hashtag ebola we treat family exposed to n.meningitis. influenza ebola both rna virus
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hashtag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
whoever created fairytales needs to take responsibility for the millions on prozac.
username username username wait a minute the lyrica is doing that? explains a lot.
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
username username username username sponsored by uloric, ask your doctor if uloric is right for you.
username username username i'm not trying to say your preference is stupid, but i really hope you don't take imodium
username life is tough, cymbalta can help.
lunesta system wonders
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hashtag psoriasis
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
username username completely agree, oxycodone is some strong shit. how many mgs are you taking how often chel?
needed a stronger drug . . oxycodone it is . . sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
i need cymbalta
username our cycling teams antara was such a great car. had 8 bikes and 2 passengers in it in 1 go.
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hashtag noshame hashtag wheresthepoop
username ive been taking fluoxetine, it stared helping but now ive just gone back down, ill ask my therapist about them, thnx x
username is that fluoxetine i see? ps stalkin uuuu
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
hashtag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
mechanisms of disease at hashtag mellanbycenter symposium- username talking about raloxifene sclerostin in hashtag osteoporosis hyperlink
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
username apparently there's an ingredient in ventolin to help relax the vocals temporarily
this pristiq shit is garbage. litter in bin sign
i wanna team with shamrocked jayy nexium syphon or albion. i can't really team with anyone else. i love them like brothers
username cipro is poison capable of immeasurable harm...please do your homework before allowing your mom to continue ingesting it.
metformin friends! does eating more help ease the pile of poo pile of poo pile of poo ?
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
strattera or effexor common
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
username username i'll take one with a lipitor and metformin chaser.
username honest, i'm going to ask if he can increase my metoprolol because no way will my pulse stay below 80 during that.
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
username flovent hfa but i wonder if it's the same stuff. i hate asthma.
lol okay now ima pass out. shouldn't of taken seroquel, oh the fuck well.
username username neurontin xanax , plus during flare time lortab 7.5. non break through pain a couple of ultrams
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hashtag wtf
pregabalin will be added to my arsenal on the 1st - i'm strangely excited xd hashtag anxiety
username if i had talked to others before starting treatment i probably would have gone with tysabri too
with beyonce. dr. oh, too bad target dismally turquoise uncut clock, faces meryl streep shahrukh khan nexium haven't been rickrolled in a
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hashtag health2con
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
username ooh what do you take? i'm on 375mg venlafaxine (effexor) and crap on a cracker, i look cracked out lmao
username someone get that dude some miralax
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
what do u mean my tweets don't provide ample evidence that i need a prescription for xanax adderall dilaudid oxycontin klonopin and vyvanse
i spend so much on advair and claratin mannn
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
any suggestions on managing intractable arm spasms in crps? benzo's/baclofen/opiods/tca/pregabalin all unhelpful. s/c ketaimen works ...
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day16
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
username ps what are your meds? i take lexapro and lamictal. work wonders for me.
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
effexor xr on deck face savoring food victory hand
an adderall would be prime right now OK hand weary face
username just tamiflu :/ as long as that works, i'll be good! :)
username enskyce (birth control) metformin
username you're actually a fucking bunch of down syndrome thalidomide victims, sort your servers out for fuck sake
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
i'm on that good vyvanse and alcohol
username fluoxetine is shit! why are you on quetiapine?xxx
woah! calm down, have a prozac!
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
who would have thought dimethyl fumarate would make $5 billion for tecfidera and biogen in 2013. as a drug. hashtag weirdpharma
username no experience with either but the list of side effects for pristiq scare the crap out of me!
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
username switching to lamictal and seroquel.
username yes pls. i have xanax, seroquel, soma, etc to trade
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
username she's going to get a head rush sucking on that advair
username username what kind of bone builder do you take? i have a hard time remembering to take my fosamax because i have so many others
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
rt username username i assume so. all i can tell you is that the staff in my office hate it when i write for apixaban.
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
adam and juliana are leaving me for 43 days tired face loudly crying face take me with youuuu! i need cymbalta pill pill hashtag depressionhurts
username i just got my synthroid doubled not too long ago. cytomel has stayed the same, for now.
seqeul ni mcm twilight plak.. girl be a real hero? pastu konflik antara petta dan gale. hurmm..
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
it's username day! rt@uberfacts: bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy the same chemical found in prozac.
pt:i need my pradaxa refilled, but i don't have the rx#. do i need to page my red heart doc? intern: flushed face uhh no. i can look it up. rph: thought balloon me right arrow person frowning pistol
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
username well was remicade. now we are looking at humira
someone mixed up the sertraline 100mg with the sildenafil 100mg tablets on the dispensary shelf. brings a new meaning to 'banging headache'.
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
anybody tried prolia for osteoporosis? good, bad, indifferent?
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
username lol tamiflu is prescription only. scratch that. its stupid anyways
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hashtag cipro…
username heard the inhalers like advair are about $300 or more these days. that is exorbitant since it is the hashtag seniors who mostly use it.
username username omfg do not tell them. loperamide is an opiate, and long term use of opiates will fuck you up.
i feel a bout of depression coming on. time to up the dosage on my fluoxetine (the generic form of prozac.)  more praying too.
linagliptin for patients aged 70years with type2 diabetes inadequately controlled with common antidiabetes treatments hyperlink
hashtag fda finds bi - boehringer ingelheim's drug pradaxa linked to lower stroke, brain hemorrhage risk tho it was linked to more stomach bleeding
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
username well the one i have we can have like different filters and i have a rum one nicotine and blueberry they all suck to me tbh
username assuming quetiapine.. do you know the mechanism by which it causes weight gain, please?
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
times are gettin hard, bitches need their vyvanse person raising hand person raising hand person raising hand
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
username it's okay :/ depression hurts, cymbalta can help
freedom extension described: denosumab for 7y in hashtag osteoporosis vs pbo 3y+denosumab 4y  hashtag eular2013
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
rt username in china, an etanercept hashtag biosimilar was approved 5 yrs before enbrel holds 75% of ra biologics mkt ... hyperlink
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
la palme turns testimony to kevin horn, program manager at isaiah house to speak on suboxone treatment. hashtag kyga14
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
y now it's time for the aranesp show starring bugs bunny. oh, fanny.
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hashtag teamnosleep
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hashtag rheum
username yes, hydrate hydrate hydrate. movie night tonight and picking up some advair tomorrow
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
username username username username username metoprolol tart(no fda 4 hf/sh act/ksa) metoprolol suc (hf) hyperlink
i need to take vyvanse to pass my exams
username i'm currently on asenapine but i'll be starting aripiprazole + inderal on top of that. i also did clonazepam before
so amazing when meridia takes up way high hyperlink
when the adderall and strattera kicks in while i'm drinking coffee  hashtag hieveryonebemyfriendiloveyou
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
i'd love to see if she had primed the advair before her using it. also you are suppose to rinse out your mouth after using it. hashtag rhony
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
for ms, if jc virus positive, is it worth trying to change from tysabri to campath? thanks!
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
hashtag rumainbrisbon was reaching for a bottle of oxycodone pills when a hashtag phoenix police officer shot him because he felt threatened. really?
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
xarelto tablets (blood thinners) is the cause...problem is because of the blood clots i'm limited at the mo to what i'm allowed to do.
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
username am now on 20mg of fluoxetine, at my own request. seems to be helping.
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
i'm gonna need an rx for some buprenorphine once chestnut praline is gone bc its gonna be a serious withdrawal + cravings hashtag sbux hashtag notanaddict
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
rid neck buyin imodium like face with tears of joy pile of poo
not allowed to give methadone or buprenorphine to treat addiction unless in federally-mandated methadone clinic.  hashtag foamed hashtag emconf
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hashtag onedoseleft
username $amsc partnering with exelon $exc to deploy the nations 1st superconducting resilient electric grid in chicago. backed by dhs.
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
rep promoting brilinta (antiplatelet for secondary prevention): morning tea- friands, chocolate eclairs and canale-creating future patients?
username how about giving both uloric and mtx to non-english reading patient prior to any rheum eval ranks up with bad practices too
just saw username on a victoza commercial! pill syringe
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
neurologist verdict is less viibryd and probable ptsd. starting with a psychologist for cbt and better ptsd drugs. along with neurologist.
cranky me snarling at the januvia commercial: look at these grown-ass adults on friggin seesaws. been *that* kind of day.
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hashtag cysticfibrosis
we get it. eliquis has about 1000 different potential bleeding problems. i'm gonna pass.
username username (2/2) endogenous insulin for victoza to work with, so you can see why it was tried.
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
breaking news: the president has been diagnosed with acid reflux! nexium is currently en route to provide relief.
that awkward moment when my dad asks me what a nuvaring is, and i want to answer none of yo' business bitch!...but i just go uhhmm neutral face
username nak kan celecoxib terus.mmg tak lah.public dont realize how safe and effective pcm are.
username the best sword. praise meridia
septic hashtag abortion treatment is dilation and curettage and iv antibiotics, such as levofloxacin and metronidazole
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hashtag phantomsangre
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
gsk and theravance announce submission to us regulatory authorities for fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in asthma
i have just swallowed my first dose of quetiapine. does anyone else expect to be struck by lightning when you take a new med?! hashtag crazysiannie
username idk but i had a ventolin inhaler for a lung infection when i was an ncaa athlete and if it wasn't prescribed i woulda failed
username thalidomide on the keyboard alert
username - i took humira for as also - for over a year no issue - on remicade now, which is working great
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
done as what i was told to do. diclofenac it's your turn please :) i'm banking on you in the next 5 days :)
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
username yes totally. psych prescribed me quetiapine to help hashtag bpdchat
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
what. -me when i found a 3-year-old nuvaring in my refrigerator
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
antara gta dan sleeping dogs :v
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
username come on man live on the edge we just gave tpa to a lady on xarelto and she's 90
username flovent has a counter showing # of doses left but my ins. stopped covering it. now have to guess with new qvar inhaler.
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
username same is it called synthroid !!
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsproblem
username metformin januvia and an ace inhibitor (they're all the same). 99% probability of those being it.
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
eg. why use esomeprazole rather than omeprazole? escitalopram vs citalopram? high cost does not mean better hashtag noadsplease  hashtag gp14conference
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
mt username bombay hc sides w/natco on nexavar cl case. that leaves 1 last case at delhi hc-only if bayer doesnt knock at supreme ct
username i have some friends that have helped me learn to relax. they're names are klonopin, ativan, xanax, valium, restoril to name a few.
but merydia
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hashtag fuckms
i think i'm really going to love exelon braille bills. just one page to tell you everything. straight to the point. :p
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hashtag ridiculous
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
username well pregabalin definitely puts the brakes on spiralling anxiety in my experience.almost instantaneous.but has side effects..
bitches b suckin dick for half of a suboxone strip
it makes complete sense to me that there’s a nexium ad in front of migos’s handsome and wealthy” but i’m not sure i could explain it.
wow. bob from that xarelto commercial is such a rebel. look at him rage against the machine and go somewhere other than where his gps says.
so these miralax commercials about people loving their laxatives ... yeah totally normal! face with tears of joy
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
alright, januvia (a medication i just heard about), you sound like genovia. hashtag theprincessdiaries hashtag neverforget
username ur daughter is a junkie ho...tell her to go ahead take her methadone or suboxone and keep putting out nude pics trashy junkie
hashtag bds hashtag muslims boycott use of  hashtag israel copaxone registered  rebif registered exelon registered doxil registered azilect registered gonal registered etanercept- perpetuate hashtag israel occupation
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
username so boring so effient vorts sprung.
latuda is great if you like side effects
i broke down and took the oxycodone yall.
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
i laid up for hours in a daze retracing the expanse of your american back with adderall and weed in my veins
ndri: bupropion (increased seizure risk, appetite suppression, less sexual dysfxn and weight gain).. sari: trazodone (sedation, oh)
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
any dealers know a supplier with trazodone in stock? all strengths. hashtag pharmacy hashtag nhs hashtag rediculousdrugshortages
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
rt username [drug applications] fda issues complete response letter for xarelto (rivaroxaban) to reduce the risk of stent... hyperlink
username i'm on effexor, or at least that's what gives me the bad side effects now. i've tried other stuff that's just as bad though
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
username username username i'm on quite high dose of effexor. works well. often you have to up the dose before giving up on it.
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hashtag msissucky
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day12
username thx. cymbalta and provigil are going to cost $165 each for 30 days and that's not all i take...
stop pradaxa after 3 days in patients with crcl ≥ 50 ml/min... 2 days for 30 to 50 ml/min...and 1 day for 15 to 30 ml/min.
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
you'll see a boxed warning about stopping pradaxa (dabigatran), xarelto (rivaroxaban), or eliquis (apixaban) in atrial fib patients.
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
if prozac be the food of love, lay down in a darkened room hashtag badshakespeare
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
username i definitely feel it should still be covered by insurance. i used yo use nuvaring and it was 100+$ a monh w.o insurance
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
username that's some shitty healthcare :/ sorry to hear. the only coupon for advair covers a max of 60$ a month
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
username -good to know -had a pt on brilinta with nosebleed the other day and was gonna try the txa but it resolved and pt wanted to leave
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
frazier was merck general counsel&amp;wascredited with minimising payouts to vioxx dead victims families.it killed ppl; heart attacks/strokes
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
final week before i take a short class break. 60 credits, awesome. about to move back into stocks, abroad of course. crestor was my lastlook
view lucky charm the casual vacancy jr.. fart twilight sparkle a headache crestor heart of the some old dude fart love sean hannity quizno's
q7: which is an example of a high intensity statin: rosuvastatin 20 mg, pravastatin 40 mg, or atorvastatin 10 mg? hashtag imconf hashtag foamed
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
listening to the disclaimers on the lyrica pregabalin commercial, you'd notice that they list, as a side effect - suicidal thoughts erection
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
username lower makefield has many without power yet again. been here for 20 years -- worst service ever. is exelon bleeding peco?
i have heart burn from hell weary face taken a nexium and tums and fuck hashtag nomorebeertonight
username give her some miralax !
i swear most of society were thalidomide babies.
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
username username bring prozac in if u got any plz” what's prozac looool?
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
username my favorite is the lady that demands that she be given advair one puff daily and symbicort 2puffs daily. hashtag fail
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
username am yet to see the wedding episode better have the ventolin handy if my reaction to this 1 second clip is anything to go by!
which pouch on batman's utility belt holds his imodium
vyvanse is wearing off and i still have another chapter to do. confused face  hashtag itsgonnabealongnight
slept through the night for the first time in six weeks after making my mother prescribe trazodone. what a goddamn relief. hashtag selfdiagnosis
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
caffeine and nicotine are guna make me finish this paper
that daddy on that xarelto commercial…
hashtag abm14 lnm study underway malms: metformin to augment low milk supply username hashtag galactogogue examining mammary gene expression
username i'm supposed to take pristiq latuda together lol.. but i'm kinda scared to get latuda.
woloshin: tysabri media analysis indicated fda press releases dictate content of articles hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
do we really want our next generation on long term suboxone because we don't address their spiritual and psychosocial needs? hashtag addiction
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
do not stop taking hashtag xarelto w/o talking w/ your doctor. stopping xarelto increases your risk of surviving xarelto. hashtag fda hashtag pharma hashtag corruption
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
many need coffee b4 they're able to start their day n deal w/people...i need 15 mg of saphris, 40 mg of viibryd n 54 mg of concerta
addicted to nicotine badly.
it's bad when your options to mix ur miralax is champagne, red bull, or wine hashtag constipationproblems
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
cymbalta can help. rt username the truth hurts.
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
ranbaxy and username fail to derail pay for delay trial on nexium in the us. uncertain negative for ranbaxy
username if changes/additions to long term meds explain. if 5/7 diclofenac or whatever, don't bother.
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
u see, u can do whtvr u want but theres a huge different antara benda wajib and haram. but heh who am i to judge u
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
username i'm right there with you with awful pain stiffness. humira mtx plaquenil aren't working today persevering face  hashtag rheum
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hashtag mewmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag mentalhealth hashtag bipolar
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hashtag endometriosis
the steckzard would be saved he said if he could be enlightened by the puffing of the helping friendly advair
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hashtag mewmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag mentalhealth hashtag bipolar
dabigatran is removed by hemodialysis. rivaroxaban abixaban are not.
username proud to see glaxosmithkline is one of those trying to make a vaccine for hashtag ebola. love their advair for my hashtag asthma hashtag copd.
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
have you seen guys the victoza commercial?
but s/o to all the people i meat at the exelon last tuesday for the posse interview. nothing but good vibes for them.
username last scan i had was weird. they'd upped my pregabalin and the noises registered with me as music
biguanides like metformin and other oha (oral anti-hyperglycemic agents) treat non-insulin dependent diabetic patients. hashtag ku1215
effexor dreams d:
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
just finished signing redev agreement for meridia at carteret, a $53 mil mixed-use project along washington ave hyperlink
username if you like it than you should put a nuvaring on it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hashtag ugh
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
today is my adderall conservation day. and my comforter just feels sooo nice. see ya tomorrow gym.
20s 8th day with hashtag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hashtag depression
username username username username username i call bullshit. i do think the abuse of gabapentin is significantly overlooked.
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hashtag noshame hashtag wheresthepoop
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
are you like on paxil or something ? because you haven't had a meltdown and you don't get worked up anymore
latuda is not a good name for a medication..
talk to your doctor about symbicort
essentials for finals : adderall coffee redbull stress ball alcohol weed and a god damn miracle
do not exceed rosuvastatin 5 mg when combined with cyclosporine...
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hashtag survivors ;)
username trazadone say hey girlfriend.
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
fluoxetine ,fluoxetine,fluoxitine ,fluoxetine, fluoxetine ,fluoxitine
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hashtag nospoonsday
username username i know they are so expensive. my metformin costs 78.00 a month and i need that or i wouldn't buy it. unamused face
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
username username nexium
username wish i could say no more enbrel injections (administered by myself) and no more blood tests.
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
just heard the absolute worst commercial for an rx drug ever. the list of side effects for victoza would kill me before diabetes ever would
username , not to good today, went to urgent care was diagnosed with influenza b flu today, i received a shot gave me tamiflu face with medical mask
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
i forgive her for that boniva stuff i guess
username i need nicotine
rt username xarelto may cause bleeding that won't stop which can lead to death! now why would i want to take that?
hashtag tremors hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
fda once again rejects new indication for johnson johnsons xarelto
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
hashtag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin did not reduce macrovascular events in hashtag diabetics with cvd or multiple risk factors - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
ummmm... going by this ad break... i wouldnt try latuda if i were you haaaa! jaysus!!
username username it's okay, if she ever does- just make her drink diclofenac and misoprostol together. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
livin spiriva loca hashtag pharmacysongs
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
nexium has too much packaging
username i call them fluoxetine and diazepam. i'll tell you all about them in about 2 weeks
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
rt username lilly pleads ignorance: not aware of any confirmed cases mt username fda probes 2 zyprexa deaths hyperlink
treating the child with delayed levothyroxine toxicity - being consulted by the umass simulation center username hashtag toxthurs
exelon revenue falls amid lower energy prices - wall street journal
swear bruh.. my mom takes lunesta to try to help her sleep, try going back to highschool mum
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hashtag pain
username but they have patent of vildagliptin and sitagliptin and hence they sell it...
this $azn stress ball from my first job working on crestor seems particularly appropriate for that pr team right now hyperlink
hashtag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hashtag paxil
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
so clearly i need a higher dose of trazodone since i'm still awake at 3am. i took it at 1030pm.
advair inhaler aka inhaled corticosteroids = a rainie who wants to sleep but do everything a the same time
username i just started taking lunesta after years of sleep struggles. it's a game changer.
i haven't taken geodon since that year. clearly lol.
as effective as enbrel is on my hashtag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
i have taken 20 loperamide today and the day is not over yet ? i may get 10 more in before bed time ?
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
username when i get my primary doctor/insurance coverage mess sorted out, i'll have to look into lunesta
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hashtag txfreestyle hashtag barrdout
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
i'm out of ventolin face with medical mask wtf
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
oh, you know ... just back-to-back zostavax shots. keeping guests healthy is what we do! username username hyperlink
just saw a commercial for januvia and thought, why are they talking about that place from the princess diaries and diabetes! lol i'm crazy.
based on the d.a.d. study, collette smith showed no association between suicide and efavirenz use. hashtag hivglasgow hyperlink
username as an asthma sufferer(though not as bad as you),i know how you feel! btw,i use advair too! hashtag rhony
both options essential. 4 some buprenorphine causes anxiety: &gt; like a speedball. oral morphine better than both imho. username username
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hashtag hivglasgow
not sure the paxil is working any more
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
username yes, the flovent is only once a day. sometimes twice. of course and say mostly use it for the nebulizer it's a 2.5 mg ampial.
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hashtag needanorthopod hashtag neverthoughtidsaythat
username who the fuck takes adderall for fun” person raising hand person raising hand person raising hand haha just kiddin.
rt username the role of denosumab for prevention of skeletal-related complications in multiple myeloma (july/august): obje... hyperlink
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hashtag tolerance hashtag fml
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
username i wish i could give you a throat lozenge
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
off to the apixaban educational dinner at westin sydney hashtag afib hashtag strokeoz
do people really put lunesta in jungle juice?? hashtag psutellsall hyperlink
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
username i see the thalidomide is prominent in the water there.
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
ok ni nama dia brunch factory. brunch = breakfast + lunch.. tu antara menu dia. hyperlink
takde chemistry antara player
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hashtag cantsleep
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
i need to add diclofenac and paracetamol to my office drawer pharmacy :/ hashtag midthirtieslife
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
so if you take latuda for your bipolar disorder, you can't have grapefruit or grapefruit juice? that can't be real.
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
username my favourite bit is probably do not take victoza [...] if you are allergic to victoza
norfolk coroner recommending toxicology testing to include pregabalin and gabapentin in ? drug related death. good result; tragic death
username hi asda team, can i buy ventolin inhalers over the counter at your pharmacies any more?
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
username rimonabant is an anorectic antiobesity drug that has been withdrawn from the market due to potentially serious side effects.
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hashtag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
suboxone is trade name for compound of 2 generic drugs, buprenorphine naloxone. these drugs are money makers in drug industry
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hashtag soreashell
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
username username like meridia and azura seem okay. sanguine and sheegorath are dangerous but not actively malevolent iirc.
$mnkd already lost interest hearing about exubera
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
username just cipro right now
username take some crestor and youll be fine lol
starting new medicine today, hopefully this one works. hashtag vimpat
i was so impressed with myself, that's fluoxetine hashtag likeaboss hyperlink
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
woke up to reinforce with antibiotics and ventolin tabs.
username hmm if you go to the doctor with that they're gonna give you tamiflu as a precaution whether you have it or not
pregabalin drug can help reduce incidence of chronic pain following cardiac surgery
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
ad: its quicker and more effient to! *small print* discpaimer if ur foot gets cut off from broken glass on the street. all conditions apply.
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
username (1) pjm/market monitor allowed a new bidding strategy for exelon at full avoided cost rate. significantly increased rpm price
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
username i could give you some miralax for the same effect.
username nooooooooooooooooooooooooo, couture, you have one job. take an imodium and get the heck out there.
at reception: discovery of an unsigned repeat prescription for sildenafil (viagra), so asked me to sign. agreed. f...ing useless without.
username boniva wow i knew that too quickly
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
feel like crap and i have misplaced the last of my paroxetine… don't get more until friday. fuck.
username quick! flu first aid! hot toddy, or lemon and honey, or a lozenge or something!
liquor liver suboxone under my tongue private numb, one more time for dying young.
username once again.. worst pharmacy. sold my daughter a defected xopenex and won't replace it. nice mary ellen at tanglewilde
med rec tech: the patient didn't know what dose of paxil she took so i just put down 10mg me: um, no
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
supposed to leave 2 hours after celebrex to take anarex. heck care taking it now. tramadol and lyrica already taken.
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
username it's your fault i didn't know what thalidomide was. fucking googled it didn't i.
hashtag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
i thought it would be funny to take 40mg of tadalafil earlier and i don't think it's funny anymore
username username username username yes i knw that servant was remvd frm the market 4 tht resn.they have combnd it in advair
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hashtag venlafaxine withdrawal.
could really use some lunesta right about now
username smoked out...weed and nicotine.
optimis: an international study to assess the use of sorafenib after transarterial chemoembolization (tace) in hepatocellular carcinoma
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
y'all know where i can get some sodium diclofenac at this hour?
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
username  hashtag isaynotosmokingbecause  intake of so much nicotine, can make u a dead machine! change ur routine keep ur lungs clean.
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
just some adderall and some fire ass weed pill fire herb smiling face with sunglasses
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
username it tastes like ventolin syrup to me. all the time. i can't stand it
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hashtag cysticfibrosis
username i have some anti depressants, temazepam anti anxiety if they will do?!?!
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
username username username very likely avastin eylea and lucentis all being used interchangly across all vegf indications
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
he said i am enough. don't force yourself to think about others who don't respect you. antara seneng sama nyesek -_-
idk if i should mix adderall and red bull i'm gonna be awake for 3 days
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
i don't care how much your company tries to make your throat lozenge taste amazing, it still taste disgusting after the first few minutes.
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
username anyone with recent experience of taking keppra with lamotrigine? if so what side effects do you suffer??
back on oxycontin, oxycodone and now a steroid. shots again and possibly another mri. hashtag wheee
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
username 1st tx: metformin 2nd tx: sulfonylurea (gliclazide, gliclazide mr, glibenclamide) 3rd tx: insulin hyperlink
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
username the only drug i'm on is life. and advair
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroids
this restoril is making me tired...
and now he told me i have the coordination of a thalidomide ballerina.. weary face he's sooo mean!
mtv are you stupid?? you're trying to compare adderall and oxycontin...
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
tom just asked me why his daughter calls me nuva, had to fight the urge to tell him it was short for nuvaring cause i'm inside her so much
today the psc finally compelled exelon to respond to the commission staff's data requests in the acquisition case no. 9361. it's about time
username yes went well and i'm doing fine. repair of ankle ligaments from bad sprains. sucks being off enbrel but no infection!
username username username this show doe. miridia and the real show. take your pick lol
antara jakcloth dan theater haha
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hashtag anygood?
actonel hashtag sbspopasia2pm
username taste good nicotine free. :)
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
lol my act study book tells you not to take adderall before the test, listen up kids pill
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
username u need loperamide
spilled miralax all over, what a treat hashtag scrublife username
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hashtag zzzzz
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hashtag doctors hashtag help
big thanks to my lovely sister for today's effort :*we're like catchin up each other for a latest year antara hashtag bogor hashtag jakarta username
diclofenac injections are boss woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
alstom to build $112m generators for exelon gas plants - law360 (subscription)
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
don't know why i even took a vyvanse this morning if its just now starting to work and i already finished my final. pointless..
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
average weight gain in 12 weeks of rx for olanzapine in kids - 8.5kg!! and even abilify - 5.4kg!! hashtag con13
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
i don't mean to sound needy, but i would very much like to have my inhaler and flovent so i can breathe tonight while sleeping.
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
username username my ups driver only brings me oxycodone lol
latuda isn't right for everybody, if you experience explosive diarrhea while taking latuda, please call your doctor. username
the one day i don't take my adderall i leave my phone on top of my car.... and drive away weary face pill
if you get mad when people say 'merica take a cymbalta right now please
combining ambrisentan and tadalafil reduces the risk for clinical failure in pulmonary arterial hypertension by 50% compared with either d…
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
does anybody know of any other nantokap/kiichi songs that sound like fluticasone and/or love love nightmare
you need vyvanse username i'm so add it makes no sense smh”
put a lozenge in my mouth to stop me coughing at like 5am, woke up just now and a bit was still there hashtag choke
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
username username betul ah, dia antara black people i meant the first black people tak gempak cam anjing main basket
username there is also 1/8-1/4 teaspoon miralax into food twice per day
amused forever that inhaler drugs are marked hfa. flovent is only for people with asperger's thank you and good night
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
username great video! i could never have done one during my humira. if you wipe the needle off after you remove the air bubbles with a
username username wooo! have you noticed relief/benefits from it? my hashtag rheum said some see positive effects of hashtag enbrel right away.
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
my nuvaring made me do it
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
she changed clothes seven times for that one commercial! - my grandma talking about blythe danner in that prolia commercial.
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
rt username prof elborn presented results of inhaled levofloxacin trial. looks like it works as well as tobi. hashtag ecfs2012
i would totally party with xarelto bob. he's a rebel! tell that gps i don't think so! xarelto bob. bad ass...
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
i take this medicayion.. lol.. username fluoxetine
my wife was nice enough to call my attention to the tv screen during prozac nation (i'm working username computer) for christina ricci's rack. wow.
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
username hashtag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hashtag followthediet hashtag readthebooks hashtag cantfindgreatdoc
not getting a flu shot bc you got sick before after having one is like stopping your advair because you had an asthma attack
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hashtag insomnia
9a. antibiotics such as ciprofloxacin (ciprotab), norfloxacin, and other quinolones. (ask your pharmacist for other medicines in this class
happy birthday humira username
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
200mg of pregabalin later and my chronic pain is still chipping away at my soul ever so irritably
username most of the inhalers r albuterol, but some also contain a corticosteroid. advair is one of those doubled-up drugs 4 better control.
rt username person: you have crohn's? me: yep person: oh i saw your medicine in a commercial, i think it was humira  hashtag no hashtag no hashtag no hashtag no hashtag no #…
one woman's rosiglitazone is another woman's salvia
username tell me what you think after you try humira. i've heard it can help a lot.
username lets hope to god we don't think suboxone is going to be the cure all to this epidemic. because it's not going to be good if we do.
username is it ventolin or?
username what an effin great life we lead.....................not! hashtag quetiapine
username username industrial studies (with the exception of diovan and small biotech) are rarely cooked this way nowadays
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
i wonder what i can do to convince the fucking physicians that geodon doesn't work on old people
dammit!! im really learning to hate you! t t mgkuyog ptah for 5 more days.. :(( its killing me -side effects of levofloxacin
username remicade until i developed antibodies to it around 2005. started humira same year, so 8 years. you're in great britain?
xarelto, eliquis and pradaxa are all great drugs except they don't have antidotes...and that's my only reason to prefer coumadin
i can't stand to see your thalidomide robot face don't even try it! you had to be a liar just to infiltrate me - i'm still drowning!
i wish they wouldn't have taken my suboxone but it's whatever unamused face
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
adverse reactions to ssris may include anxiety , insomnia, and paroxetine ,orthostatic hypotension may occur.
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
username if she had a nuvaring in her then he may have not had to put a ring on her
username sorry i missed it will google it. tell jack he will be fine like sharks we gotta keep moving.teva tysabri my cocktail of choice
nuvaring you've done it again! hashtag pregnancyfree
username avandia received a settlement of just short of 100,000 dollars. that is crazy. the tort lawsuits and the class action lawsuits
username thank you so much. been in bed all day sleeping constantly- thankfully the oxycodone is knocking me out smiling face with smiling eyes
i love how there's a giant billboard advertising suboxone right outside of phenix city lol makes too much sense hashtag phenixshitty
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hashtag msfatigue
username i use vimpat with keppra. it has made my tc's better, but haven't noticed much change in partials. still upping the dose!
username winking face with tongue stolen face masks stolen 1/8 suboxone in exchange for the ass oncoming fist beating from god they both agreed i said no hunting me backhand index pointing down ....
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
i was caught wanking at work today. what do you think you're doing? my boss shouted. a thalidomide midget, i replied.
back having tysabri this am then ms nurse strait after i am a lucky boy
tamiflu antiviral side effects include nausea, vomiting, cough, headache, and dizziness. just like the flu you already have, but for money.
cymbalta can't help this depression hyperlink
children of thalidomide
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hashtag survivors ;)
username cipro? isn't that the stuff they give people to treat anthrax?
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hashtag trazodone hashtag withdrawls
username i'm on fluoxetine but the name is 'ladose' i take... 30 mg... i started it 1and a half month ago.. they're ok... but im (c)
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hashtag thediabetty hashtag diabetes hashtag t1d hashtag iwanttobeabletoeat
tweet antara class. 5 minit breaks be like whattttt
brief-glaxosmithkline ceo plays down generic advair threat
these inspirational notes on my lozenge wrappers really aren't doing it for me tonight
username i've never tried diclofenac on a migraine. good results?
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hashtag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
username thank you username for letting me perform homeless and nicotine tonight!! grateful for the opportunity!!!”
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
username it all might be due to restlessness. hashtag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
who needs preworkout when your prescribed adderall hashtag speedster
rt username if you take byetta, victoza, or januvia, read òincretins under siege? donõt jump to conclusionsó username - hyperlink
ahhaha i know it's not true but i'd believe you if you told me i took a sugar pill instead of fluoxetine today hahaha weeehh
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
idk if mr. latuda got my text earlier but i have your computer charger. username
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hashtag quetiapine
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hashtag abilify. suits me well.
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
username it's that viibryd lol makes me lol literally almost lost it
listen trial differences of effects on lipid-lowering actions glucose metabolisms between rosuvastatin and atorvastatin hashtag esccongress 1/3
kwani how much does sildenafil cost in germany.....?*?
username love ya' too~ i think i was just more upset that sammy was sad... i love the meridia account. best meri ever! *nudges*
suboxone is a cock block
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
username hi saw consultant yest back on steroids imodium they want to double my infliximab but have to have a trough test first x
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
j&amp;j growers in 2q: zytiga up 70%, stelara up 50%, ivega sustenna up 49%, simponi up 40%, velcade up 19%. $jnj
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
hashtag restlesslegs hashtag quetiapine
is it just me, or is pregabalin being most heavily marketed?
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
powerful but not mutual slimy read spirited old what is nog anyway? nexium painter and i death well usurp bonzi pickle sarah hyland
januvia sounds like genovia, and now i want to watch princess diaries. squinting face with tongue  hashtag medpass hashtag nurseproblems
username they changed their number and dont give the new one i just want my nuvaring
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
username nope, the traditional wheezy bronchitis. on ventolin and antibiotics now, not coughing so much. hashtag boringbeingsick
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
the old lady on the prolia commercial freaks me out.
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
lord my mama said she bi polar she need latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
hashtag nejm study leads to hashtag fda review of $bmy onglyza and kombiglyze diabetes drugs.
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
[weiss dona meridia voice] pathetic, alcor. to lose that free will of yours and become a slave to power....
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
. username benefits from cognitive behavioral therapy or ssris like fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, sertraline, or paroxetine  hashtag nimhchats
side effects of this new vimpat i'm on pill pill pill
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
username (i stayed on venlafaxine for quite a long time because i thought it was working because when i missed a dose i felt awful.)
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hashtag tmi hashtag fml
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
this kitchen nightmares in insane! bitch needs prozac
tiotropium for asthma for poor control on large dose inhaled steroid and laba hashtag agmconfuk
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
username i am on fluoxetine and it has helped with coping with stuff, i am a little worried about what happens when i come of them though
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
am choosing to blame the gabapentin i take post neck injury for my comment that a condor had just taken off over my house. i meant a buzzard
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
username username really that's what levaquin is for! it's an antibiotic made for bladder and uti infections. azo sucks
2. valsartan dose 100 mg bid is not equiphysiologic to enalapril 10 mg big. val 80 mg big would be.
keeping enbrel cold on a 12hr journey....not fun! hashtag alaska2014
username not too shabby, had a bad run. i was hashtag seizure bombed, then hit by a nasty virus. now i'm waiting for enbrel to kick in. how's you?
thank you science for fluticasone
username totally forgot i have trazodone. should put you right to sleep.
username that's good news. i got lucky this time~they considered having me do the shots warfarin, but i just ended up doing xarelto
watching you starve to death with an iv in your veins, feeding you liquid darvocet pumping you full of drugs.pull the plugs
username i stumbled once on eszopiclone
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
i wonder why you can take eliquis not have a inr taken ????
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
novel nnrti hashtag doravirine from msd shown to be associated with lower rate of central nervous system events compared to efavirenz hashtag hivglasgow
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
music is my life the lyrica are my story hyperlink
username username cryo-freeze while not on stage - and before she goes on, they pump her full of boneva
username i need some adderall to calm my hyper ass down
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hashtag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
snorting cymbalta with adge hashtag sisterbonding hashtag wereactuallynot hashtag weresotired
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
sister took my makeup with her to vegas = i put miralax in all her protein powder.
username in abu dabai now mate!  i will try not too.....got plenty of imodium though winking face
username username uk govt spent millions on tamiflu shots for h5n1 birdflu but it doesn't work. read big pharma by username
trazodone is nasty as fuck when it touches your tongue
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
username side effects. so the specialist decided to switch me to an equivalent dose of prozac to get me off since typically it's easier to
onglyza (saxagliptin) will stay an also-ran in dpp-iv class, says deutsche bank following failed 16,500 patient savor trial
starving. .. thanks saphris
i was a vioxx (rofecoxib) guinea pig. username username
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hashtag stayoffthesteroidskids
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hashtag sick&amp;tired
shet up latuda
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
clarifying questions for hashtag fda now at username spiriva advisory committee meeting now. hashtag copd
ranbaxy loses nexium and valcyte exclusivity, usd 700mn revenue loss; but the stock gained in trade on friday, thanks to the 'sun effect'
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
vyvanse masks me so depressed
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
lmao username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy bastard rt username sildenafil works fine rt username i may have a serious weakness problem fam. sigh.”
$spy $regn eylea continues to swarm the planet, bring regn to new highs. expect it to continue climb to $400/share or higher
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
username i get pneumonia/bronchitis everytime i catch a cold. see if you can get advair inhaler or silmilar. take it everytime
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
hashtag tysabri done for this month. transport relatively painless
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hashtag ibs
i spent a year taking metformin for pre-diabetes that i never had because hashtag diagnosisfat
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
username apparently not... news to me.. still no insurance company paying for generic diovan either
username vom! maybe i need a job or just a master class in how to clean up diarrhoea! either that or find imodium suitable for kids&amp;dogs xx
montanaro: 3. lansoprazole x-reacts with rabeprazole but not any others hashtag acaai
day 3 without hashtag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
username great timing. chucked my out of date tamiflu tablets away recently.
username efavirenz needs banning!
didn't give metformin before pt was transferred to floor. rn wrote incident report bc had to hold med and give sliding scale uh. expressionless face
rt username we've published the assessment report for hashtag memantine ratiopharm, a hashtag generic of hashtag ebixa for hashtag alzheimer's disease: hyperlink
rt username waitin w my glitter shoes for the gi! gonna tell him i plan to not up my humira, hmm see how it goes hashtag crohnsproblems htt…
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
viibryd has serotonin production as well as reuptake blockage. so it is much better if you are pooted out on prozac.
being challenged by louise restrick: all resp physicians smoking cessation trained, get varenicline on formulary + prescribe hashtag btswinter
checking out the possible role of sorafenib in aml under 60 hashtag ash14
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
chlorpromazine haloperidol clozapine olanzapine ziprasidone all neuroleptics for schizophrenia treatment. ;) hashtag learndatshit
post concert depression hurts, cymbalta can help
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
i've been in hashtag porn for 10 years and am not on hashtag prozac or hashtag zoloft..... yet
username improved glucose control in t2dm will aid wt loss. victoza v effective drug but long term safety concerns. i stopped using.
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
thank goodness. shovel news: metallica poos quite legoland papain imodium ad cher lloyd gran torino maple story. you stay at gingko weekly
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
username username i had gabapentin after a car crash. they're anti seizure drugs. is your dog looking chilled?
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
tegan sara are making me miss my partner even more this weekend. thank god for vicodin. and paxil. and klonopin.
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
zelnorm (reg) is effective in repeated treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation, landmark zensaa trial shows - medical news
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
i think advair makes my skin dry
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
if i see that crestor bowling commercial one more time, i'm gonna stab somebody in the eye with a #2 pencil! see-no-evil monkey kitchen knife skull confounded face dizzy face
saxagliptin largely safe for the heart in high-risk type 2 diabetes, although heart failure signal warrants investigation hashtag esccongress2013
somalia going to war what? how? when? get some prozac and sit your ass down!
baumbach: spiriva accounted for over 3.5bn eur in 2013, up almost 4%, pradaxa up 16% to 1.2bn eur hashtag biapc
username username its not the states job to evict those at the bottom of the ladder. again advise loperamide
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
still having to take temazapam to sleep. this is new hashtag diagnosedbpd
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
username that's good to hear! better now that i'm over the virus i had for 2 mos. on wkly humira shots now. hoping i continue moving up
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hashtag msissucky
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
i've been on - prozac,zoloft,celexa,paxcel,stritera,klonopin,abilify,seroquel now tell me i'm not fucked up
username username username username username im takeing metformin glimepiride pioglitazon pravastatin and lisinopril
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
zidovudine, lamivudine and efavirenz username 2: what do you recommend for the prevention of mother-child transmission of hiv-1?
white:wave:buying lunesta 100k
hashtag download aggrenox - a medical dictionary, bibliography, and annotated research guide to internet references - icon health… username
sari: trazodone (sedation, orthostatic hypotension).. nassa: mirtazapine (sedation, weight gain, less gi and sexual side effects)
username antara move on dan hold on. move on move on~~~
username sugar-free gum lozenge used in place of return key for apple keyboard (winterfrost flavor)
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
there's a drug called januvia that has something to do with fat people seesaws but isn't that the country anne hathaway runs? hashtag confused
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hashtag ms hashtag notwothesame
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
username tysabri i finished last month as it was no longer safe for me. they tried me on gilenya but i didn't tolerate it.
2 cups of coffee and adderall not a good mix
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
fluticasone propionate nasal spray saved my life
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
username yeah i am no one wants to hang out with me i'm home alone :( i ain't got no life i ain't got no job, just cymbalta
username i didn't take any yesterday but i'm on zoloft and zyprexa and suboxone and adderall etc etc i could open my own pharmacy
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
warning venlafaxine mixed with dihydrocodine and caffeine has seriously weird effects hashtag topoftheworldma
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
exelon expands again, reportedly picks up pepco holdings for $5.4 billion
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
adderall kick in already i need to become a genius in minutes!!
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
then you have morphine oxycodone roxicodone and oxycontin, oxymorphone(dilaudid), and finally the big momma is fetanyl
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
when i was taking a full dose of hashtag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
username username abba? ok, i'll play dancing queen tonight as a theme. also, healthy is good. nexium is bad, very bad.
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
username i'm gonna start using pradaxa on the rats. a bit more expensive but no need for pesky blood tests. hashtag doingitwrong
from a friend neuro wants me to go on tecfidera or tysabri. anyone have pros and cons on either?
username username the nuvaring is my source of estrogen and progestin, dipshit, and not everyone can drop everything get surgery
insurance doesn't cover the xopenex inhalers so i'm being forced to use albuterol and ventolin. kill me now. hashtag asthmaprobs
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
hashtag np nexium username i love these guys.
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
$avnr agreement with $mrk januvia
i can't stop crying it will never get fucking better and i've enough i'll get all of my effexor and all of my xanax and all of my vivance
i have metformin tummy today :-(
caffeine&amp;nicotine
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
username no it's not. it's sildenafil citrate
i can't stop yawning hashtag trazodone
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
anyone else have worsening hashtag acne problems since starting hashtag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
anti-seizure drug ezogabine declines alcohol consumption...
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
day 11 of hashtag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
username no doubt, merck: managing vioxx (a), hashtag value before hashtag money - sustain business in a long term - ray gilmartin, retired ceo merck
hate when i get emotional. i wanna get on viibryd but it messes with your hormones which i don't really use anyways so i may try it.
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hashtag fda approved: hashtag ziprasidone aka hashtag geodon)
there's no way i'm getting all this work done if i don't get some adderall or something. loudly crying face
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
ciprofloxacin has its interaction inflooding contingency sectors for lagniappe taste herbal, connatural suppleme:
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hashtag rsdprobs
username i'm surprised that apixaban sales have been so slow.
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hashtag crohns
username you see? i only get a little testy without the paxil, provided i'm not beaten, raped forced to drop out of school that day.
bloody diclofenac needs to kick in. can't believe this has all flared up again crying face crying face crying face crying face
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
username username my damn nurse username put miralax in my prune juice. she's hoping i shit the bed like florida state hashtag gobuckeyes
dear ciprofloxacin, i count on you :(
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
username damn dude you’re always breaking bones. get some boniva in you
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
username hypochondria+cyclothymia+lamotrigine+himym+finals+wifi+no food in my house+being home alone for 3 days straight= i'm dead
rt username dtn pharma news: boehringer submits application to ema for use of pradaxa for treatment of acute dvt, pe: boeh... http:/…
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
venlafaxine is not my friend...
username i was hoping you'd nab me a few boxes of diclofenac actually face blowing a kiss
fucking crestor commercials.
username username username all i’m gonna say is they gave me *way* too much miralax in the hospital.
she has da nuvaring now
after hours of negation, let's all give a big relief welcome to username the new face of miralax! stop constipation fast with miralax
you're taking adderall for a quiz thats like popping molly for a getty username
well back on humira plus steroids. crap crap crap!!!!!
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
username and paroxetine now than theyh were then.
username easy bro, i got a job as a symbicort rep b/c i'm an sae and had a 2.39 gpa
username i have friends asking about the victoza trial now!
get excited about exelon analytics! hashtag poweredbyinsights hashtag insight
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hashtag crohns
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
well, royce drank his juice w| miralax in it, hopefully it works. persevering face persevering face persevering face
i got an symbicort inhaler, probiotics, fish oil, and milk thistle. my health meter is on it's way back up to 100%!!!!!!
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hashtag whygodwhy hashtag whyme
the doctor never should've given me this lyrica
is there some kind of almond de beers conspiracy that artificially drives up the price of that noble lozenge
tapering gabapentin not going well. i'm going downhill quickly. if my hair was done, i'd go to the er. i need steroids.
hearing a talk about sildenafil and pulmonary hypertension means you're guaranteed some dude will make a boner joke. hashtag womeninscience
this commercial for the med victoza includes the warning do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza.
welp just got my the other wisdom teeth pulled. in fucking pain. oxycodone will be my friend. goodnight
username username breathing treatments 3-4 xs a day albuterol 4xs a day advair 2 xs day 7% hyper saline 2 xs a day pulmazyme 1 x a day
rt username : i have psoriatic arthritis, info attached. hashtag painful hashtag unpredictable hashtag embarrassing hashtag enbrel don't give up hashtag fightpain hyperlink
the selective cox-2 inhibitor celecoxib appears to cause less severe gi toxicity than nonselective nsaids.
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
now if only i could get rid of this hashtag enbrel/ hashtag rheum anxiety. now that i have the enbrel it is only a matter of days til my 1st injection...
actually laughing about how little sense it makes that the richest, most successful people in america are also the dumbest. thanks prozac!
mad adderall = no sleep
username i've always been on the pill but some of my friends rave about nuvaring and implanon (tiny hormone stick in your arm)
i really love lunesta thought balloon zzz zzz zzz
loool splitter, cymbalta can help for rejection
liquid fluoxetine tastes so so rank i want the tablet form pls
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
always there every time you need me it aint love but just like nicotine youre addicted to a feelin you can only get from me &amp;your cigarettes
username username username glad to know i'll take imodium before i go to a game
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
hobbes was really into the januvia commercial. hyperlink
too much miralax can be bad. hashtag justsaying
julio ramírez rct oseltamivir not effective in hospitalized influenza after 3 days #42aamr
username fistulas suck!! pouting face i hope the meds closes it up. humira is working on mine. remicade worked for 6-7 yrs thumbs up  hashtag crohns
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
died for the nuvaring
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
username username i just love the suboxone plug under her picture
rt username $amgn's old ceo overpaid for enbrel vectibix. will markets ding them tmrw for the $onxx bid?
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
and this symbicort ad turned the three little pigs into a story completely about an anthropomorphic fox who can't breath right. alright then
a brand of sildenafil citrate, used to treat impotence. username what's viagra ? hashtag vycer happyday hashtag sports cafe_
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
username the synthroid tablet, right? i've had it since i was 4!
blank kenneth advair diskus soap was damp. eckersley looks like donkey pee
as of today i'm on suboxone for pain management. miracle drug
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
januvia (sitagliptin) compared with sulfonylurea for patients with type 2 diabetes and mild renal impairment ...
being prescribed topamax for bpd. seems on initial research safer than seroquel. anyone know it, please get in touch.
in search of a tutor and more time or adderall
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
had a terrible day worry about dexilant uneven spiderman customized honda ray romano. a spam with gene hackman. ransack diarrhea
username username depression hurts, cymbalta can help...”thanks janelle” i gotchu
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
how do i keep my weight under control while taking seroquel? hashtag bpdfriends help
i fucking hate the crestor commercials.
i turned down saphris at the doctor because he said it tastes horrible, but he said it's really effective. experience? hashtag bpd hashtag mentalhealth
username yup. of my meds, advair spiriva are on patent. singulair is now generic. plus antihistamines, allergy shots....
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
username oh my i really know the feeling only thing that used to work in the end for me is a ventolin
username new campaign about living with ms. cool stuff like managing stress etc. put on by aubagio but good for all!
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
cymbalta isn't trustworthy.
beyonce sez cigars on ice do u ever wonder if she's talkin bout smoking while she's taking adderall 2 stay alert while she dr0nk in l0v?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.charlie used to tell me!!
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hashtag crazypeopleproblems
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hashtag ineedanallergist
nicotine faded dreams..
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
username what, antidepressants? i'm on fluoxetine (prozac) right now, why?xx
hashtag camh hashtag badpharma - causes - drug-induced hashtag psychosis hashtag suicidality - hashtag prozac hashtag clozapine hashtag quetiapine hashtag paxil hashtag addiction hashtag toronto
today i've had, a bacon butty, 3 imodium, 2 codeine, 2 fluoxetine and 2 omoprazole. oh and a galaxy for me tea. no wonder am wrote off.
so i was unpacking the groceries, and as i pulled out a box of imodium username was all like oh, you got more stuff for stir fry! :-/
username hahaha kharma! lolz! i have a six pack of blue moon but wanted something to take my lunesta with lol
username she might be floxed-cipro avelox levaquin give these side effects and drs. are clueless and psychiatric and physical sym.
once again....my ventolin saves me hashtag thankyoulord
osteonecrosis of jaw with denosumab: 3cases in yr1-3 vs 5cases in yr4-7 hashtag eular2013 hashtag osteoporosis
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
username i don't have time loudly crying face loudly crying face imma just take tamiflu
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
oh noes! sad elephant is spiriva commercial looks like misses cantor! hashtag maddow hyperlink
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
username probably had something to do with that whole thalidomide thing.
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hashtag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hashtag onglyza ht…
is there anything stronger than ventolin i can buy over the counter?
since being approved by the fda in october of 2010, pradaxa has been prescribed to more than a million patients.
username username pretty much. also, i was wondering is your username a dog with thalidomide or a dog that helps someone with thalidomide?
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
researchers to study effectiveness of atorvastatin in preventing heart problems in breast cancer patients
i paid my the money waited for 2 days nigga a week later i called username dude told me he was still busy with cipro.
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hashtag nausea
these waves of suboxone are much better that that of withdrawal let's put it like that thank you
up all night'-')@niallcrews id: hashtag askdirectioners di antara album2 the boys, fav kalian apa?? hashtag mtvstars one direction
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
male best pastorate: viox
username username crestor muscle problems
nicotine and faded dreams
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
i see cardinal brady advocates psychiatric treatment for suicidality. psychiatrists treat delusional thought with olanzapine or clozapine +
username take care of yourself brittany! i'm glad it's nothing worse -- did they give you nexium or something like that?
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
rt username username wanna know what's funny. i left my damn trazodone at home so i can't fall asleep. i knew you'd understand becau…
username oh, couldn't put it up nose! had forgotten how awful colds are. when you're on infliximab, it prevents them. golimumab doesn't.
ranbaxy gets fda nod to sell generic diovan tablets in us: drug major ranbaxy laboratories has received the u.s. health regulator’s a...
goddammit i can't find the abbott website i need to research synthroid because of all this angst and news clouding tony abbott
username 6 pilihan warnanya antara lain 1.natural beige 2.brown shade 3.mellow peach 4.clove 5.dark brown 6.honey bee hashtag quizfanbo
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hashtag insomnia
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username get an unlimited supply of ventolin
hashtag aquarius: no harmful effects of aliskiren on hashtag diabetics - stephen nicholls hashtag esccongress2013
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
recoveryworks launches a new evening outpatient group and a new suboxone support group today. call 858-530-9112 to change your life.
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
for all you hashtag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hashtag fuckoff
username i took levothyroxine which is the generic version of that. what's up?
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
username username username also: look at the high impact papers again after drugs like avandia, vioxx are taken off the market...
imma take some diclofenac since i dont feel like living w/ this(is this a good choice of words?)
username your mum took thalidomide u stumpy armed creep
username do you have thalidomide arms?
username *clears throat* debbie just hit the wall she never had it all one prozac a day husband's a cpa her dreams went out.....
arna ims numbers... 3/14- 7,045 - 5,529 more importantly, belviq works and that's what people are finding out.
-3 until username birthday...i'll buy him 1kg of apples...or a new ventolin inhaler...decisions decisions decisions...
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
sitagliptin and carotid intima thickness
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
velcade part deux. day 1 round 1 in the books. hashtag myeloma
username would an $abbv like enbrel spinoff work?
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
sarah ate 6 fiber gummies and drank half a glass of miralax
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
formularies w all arv, acei, metformin in high tiers. result? pts w chronic dz charged more, can't enroll hashtag pnhp2014 hashtag healthcareequality
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hashtag np hashtag cymbalta
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
didnt take my seroquel last night... 4 hours of sleep holla
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
that effexor xr advert could be a drinking game in itself.
username oh and my dr put me on effexor now too, much better than the lexapro was
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
i mean if i was getting $10 grand from bow wow, john harry dickinson, boniva bengay, or whoever, i wouldn't be mad at yah lol
username username im on my way to lake meridia atm! you guys should come!
stop whining. i dont care about you being depressed. get cymbalta
you know what word sounds funny? lozenge.
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
tamiflu is one expensive ass drug
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
username i know. and i already had to have a number of pre-cancerous lesions removed before i started on quetiapine, starting age 30.
username ritonavir often boosts levels of other meds; the pharmacist/doc should be able to get the levels right- good you are onto it!
enbrel shot tonight for ra. hashtag spoonie hashtag rheumy
i need my nexium heart burn killing me
username not really i used to have to take nexium but that was like a william shatner ago
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hashtag funtimes
okay done tegur my jarak antara gap of my teeth
how many times do you suppose they say bleeding in that xarelto commercial?
tmi but i get the worst shits on my period like i have to take imodium for a week so i don't shit my pants at school it's horrible
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
crestor hashtag votetris hashtag windivergent
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
username username agree was just about to type same. no green tea w velcade hashtag amyloidosis hashtag mmsm
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
username got this problem right now. took my first pregabalin today in front of cpn whilst crying b/c of what it might do.
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
apixaban shows decreased stroke, decreased mortality and decreased major bleeding compared to warfarin in afib patients.
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hashtag postopprobs hashtag painmeds hashtag crazydreams
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
good news. doc giving me xarelto + sending me on my way. need to see specialist once home need to find a flight home. thx for prayers!
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
username fantastic news. was ecstatic when enbrel 4 psoriatic arthritis was approved. i moan at times about the nhs, but am grateful 4 it
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
i'd rather hear about eliquis than watch nascar , no problem, keep it going
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
username yes, 3-4 months off tysabri before starting a replacement.
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
told bro i was 19 and just getting off a suboxone program and he was like 'u go hard bruh'
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
i took my first dose of humira on wed. still waiting for it to kick in...is it supposed to get worse before it gets better?
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
the price of uranium went up ! compare alternate heating power sources.nuclear is more effient as many countries use it 4 power. pay up...
hashtag worlddiabetesday now without metformin for me c: hashtag bluecircle
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
the movie prozac nation is literally me. every fucking day.
username good luck, i sincerely hope humira does wonders for you! the pen isn't all that bad either, injections just part of weekly routine thumbs up
anyone need vyvanse? 60mg text me if anyone needs it.
having mixed feelings about the vyvanse i took at 5 am..
debbie just hit the wall. she never had it all. one prozac a day, huband's a cpa.
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
whatever you do, don't mix your latuda with your grapefruit.
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
you know your at exeter when a kid is snorting vyvanse in detention.. OK hand
it'd be great if sally field's ankle snapped on stage and she lost her boniva gig. username hashtag ronfezoscarparty
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
lunesta in hand: 1st holiday weekend off since last year this time hashtag excited hashtag ineedit
vioxx 10 years on: pj interviews one of the key scientists involved in the vigor trial
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hashtag pain
mixed antara hardstyle x dubstep = sangar vroohh!!
username ...work. i haven't slept more than 4 hours in the last 72 hours, despite the lunesta and muscle relaxants i take for bed time
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hashtag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
i'm pretty sure the symptoms for cymbalta are worse than being depressed
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
in pts who can't take coumadin or lovenox...consider rivaroxaban (15 mg bid for 3 wks, followed by 20 mg qd) as an option for tx hashtag foamed
treatment for painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy include duloxetine and pregabalin hashtag diabetes
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
username no just at home dr said the swine flu is a weaker strain than years ago tamiflu is the tabs they give u to help fight it
username interesting piece. i went off zyprexa and lithium 3 yrs ago, and the choice to become well is a very personal one.
username i can buy ambien, lunesta, medicines with 100 side effects, a doctor can prescribe oxycodone and morphine, but not cannibus?
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
username username emily deans and her people are on it. antipsychotic, naltrexone and rimonabant combo. cures everything.
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
is not remembering how i got to work a common hashtag paxil side effect?
username during h1n1 pandemic, clinicians also cared for infected patients, with only oseltamivir to fall back on hashtag hpmglobal
ok, i'm pretty sure that missing 2 doses of fluoxetine (pure disorderliness/schedule fail) was responsible for my joint pain.
hashtag plottwist a psychiatrist prescribes the weather adderall and it finally stops fucking around
this adderall have a nigga up
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
username username username treasure it! there,'s no more sildenafil on private scripts since sls change...
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hashtag trippinballz.
username no. and i called the manufacturer for vimpat and i can get a $45 off coupon. which brings it to $579. the rest of our meds have
$amgn getting hit bc db says $esrx excluding aranesp epo - prefers $jnj procrit - the two products generated $2.7b in sales in 2013
bathroom soccer flovent hfa he is crusty. farted unborn output casseroles and werewolf khloe kardashian marcos mion poo bowie
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
username girl my enbrel is on its way to me and i pray that it helps me enough to start running again! we can have a twitter5k!!!!
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hashtag crohns
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
username my doc is great. pcp put me on metformin and i ate all day. good news is i have regular cycles w/healthy eating.
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hashtag withdrawal hashtag trazodone hashtag omgicantwait hashtag help
username no, i refuse to believe it's morning... i can't survive on just 4 hours sleep for a second day! i declare it temazepam o'clock.
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hashtag brains
username i have to take seroquel to sleep. it's like a horse tranquilizer.
latuda is the worst name for a drug i've ever heard... hashtag comeon
username so ur noncomplaint with ur meds, give them to me? (ill take ur seroquel too)
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
canaglifozin versus sitagliptin in patients with type2 dm stable on metformin..only side effect is uti ....hmmm...
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
username username actually dead jealous wanted to go for ages look forward to hearing how you get on presume you have lots of imodium
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
kamagra gel is a generic potency with sildenafil and it is the actual great way for whose in ed problems. hyperlink
i need cymbalta. depression hurts
username don't worry. my doc has prescribed me tamiflu as a precautionary measure. see you monday! now get off twitter during ssr! weary cat face
checking out cipro for the first time. the boys are behaving which helps! good work username with the badlands ;-)
you're more generic than a prescription of seroquel
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
so if i take my crestor after eating hot dogs and mac and cheese, i'm good, right?
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
username mmmmm i just awoke from my trazodone coma ;)) good luck hun
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
these buffalo shrimp gone have me crying for some nexium or prilosec! weary face
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
username focalin is like a classy adderall
username imodium is a hell of a drug...for minor aches and pains.
username i will get you aliskiren for your birthday.
speaking of which, i was on advair briefly when i was 13...
just read an article that the nuvaring is bad.. all bc well yeah but what do we do fill ourselves with a field of kids?!
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
bill clover, exelon mgr(rm) is your doc ctrl/cm kaos or control?  hashtag nirma2014
username last time i met a meridia she was going to kill me on principle. didn't matter who i was.
username username username thank you so much for tuesday's show, no way would i have watched the thalidomide documentary without it.
username username i think gabapentin is cheaper and generally gets prescribed before pregabalin does.
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
username xopenex and pulmicort
username username denosumab is a mab and less expensive than the mabs currently used against ra. prices should fall! hashtag arthritischat
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
username what ya talking bout her that nicotine!
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
well instead of tysabri friday we are having tysabri thursday! can't wait for my nap. got a choral concert tonight.
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
happy friday evening! this wed. is my 50+ tysabri infusion. a couple weeks later, (halloween), is my next mri! (jcv+) wish me luck!
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
i'm always so proud of myself for remembering to put body lotion on... until i also remember its humira injection day! hashtag slipperyskin
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hashtag boo
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
when mom puts miralax in the alcohol hyperlink
stevie nicks confirms christie mcvie is rejoining fleetwood mac. no word if boneva will sponsor...
it's finally available! only a few years late. generic diovan hyperlink
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
username i agree. making cremation arrangements for khaleesi :( she isn't doing great. getting her buprenorphine to be sure she's okay
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hashtag humira than hashtag enbrel hashtag rheum
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hashtag pleasebeworthit
suboxone got me fucked up.
atenolol 50-100mg/day or metoprolol 100-200mg/day or labetalol lol lol i don't care zzzz
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
username btw, i take 20 mg of fluoxetine every day. so clearly, i've figured all of this out...
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hashtag tuboficecream hashtag timetochange hashtag junkfood hashtag gym
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
study aid username adderall had me passing all my classes.”
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
methadone take home doses increases od/ death risk. buprenorphine much safer for take home. hashtag iaspcongress2014
oxycodone is my second best friend.
if thalidomide happened today, it would never come to light or see a court.
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
really appreciating my mom's live updates after chugging miralax this morning hyperlink
username smiling face with smiling eyes the road either there investigating my brother growin dope mikey sellin suboxone or rihanna got jealous wanted to know more pouting face
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
mt username inherit losartan in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy failed 2dmostrate lvmass down arrow .nxt valsartan in vanish hashtag aha14 hyperlink
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
so wait..... what if you take cymbalta............ but you have no depression?
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
i am contemplating dropping a bombshell at my psychiatrist cpa review by saying i cannot tolerate olanzapine any more and want to come off!!
pcc and rf7a potential treatments for rivaroxaban hashtag austintoxforum
azura and meridia are considered not to be completely evil as they have been known to help mortals without giving them dark consequences.
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
when that imodium wear off it's a horrible day lol tired face tired face pensive face pensive face
habituales a passionate albuterol aroma and fetid marigold flavors are entangled in the 2009 bordeaux from toad meadows winery. performing
username oh, me, me! 2x methotrexate, imuran, voltaren, prednisone, synthroid, vit d, iron, turmeric daily. enbrel injection weekly.
from cogencis: japan's takeda sues ranbaxy labs for breach of uloric patent in us
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
starting some sanples of pristiq today. it's a newer med that treats anxiety and depression, but is designed not to have sexual side effects
when your side chick leaves her nuvaring on the floor &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
username remember: darvocet &gt; morphine &gt; vicodin &gt; percocet &gt; tylenol 3 &gt; motrin &gt; aspirin. physical therapy always sucks.
i'm coming to school tomorrow hopped on adderall and coffee victory hand
this adderall have a nigga up
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
my heart absolutely breaks when a butterfly flies into my car while driving down the road. does that mean i need cymbalta?
crises are not always predictable...but as leaders it is our job to respond to them! - susan landahl, sr vp, new dev., exelon hashtag uswin2014
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
congrats to exelon business services company reeder flying service for the successful adoption of the iqsms system! hyperlink
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
i need a lozenge.
username username hey man, that's not good, ye sure ye can make camping? i've just been put on venlafaxin, never heard of it!
username jesus christ ur insane. watch video. i have asthma and that is exactly what i say in attack. albuterol saved my life 5x r mo
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
username day 2 hashtag gpgeneral take home message: metformin is good! use in all type2 dms for a mortality benefit
i'll be ok moxifloxacin and another antibiotic iv, hopefully this helps
username my damn doctor gavee advair ! weary face
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
interesting! username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hashtag helps
revisiting the spiriva elephant - the elephant reminds me so much of cam its not even funny
username glad to hear it! advair was my saviour when i had antibiotic-resistant bronchitis earlier this year.
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
i'm about to take oxycodone for the first time, so this should be fun. i don't know if anyone remembers me taking darvocet in high school.
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
strong sad would totally be the h*r universe equivalent of a brony but the show would be about depressed horses on prozac or something
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
username i worked in a pharmacy that filled 40,000 rx a day when exubera was on the market, didn't fill a single rx for it.
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
suboxone under my touunnggee.
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
rt username vyvanse in the house
why is that one crestor commercial using the george lopez theme song?
in what fucking world does lamisil come before lamictal in the fucking alphabet??? you have one job to do techs, quit fucking it up!
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
username there is medicines like fluoxetine but it cant gives you immediate effect also
anticholesterol rosuvastatin not associated with reduced risk for fractures hyperlink
hashtag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
does this crestor commercial piss anybody else off? you're dancing in the streets bc of a cholesterol drop? great life.
prozac is not for allergies....unless you're allergic to sanity... wise words of macfadden.
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
username chelsea, psg, real madrid, barcelona, bayern munich, at madrid , zenit psburg . antara powerhouses ucl musim ni.
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
chilling with meridia
somebody bring me some adderall
username what is boniva stuff for gut bacteria i thought that was jamie lee
gave my colleague r2 to buy me a throat lozenge or 2 for my sore throat, and she buys me a whole packet :) hashtag sweetypie hashtag kindness
taking an adderall this early is the worst because nobody is really awake for me to binge talk to
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hashtag headache
username i've got a friend who's on synthroid from the cancer that took the gland i'm too tired to remember. he says it gets much better.
i took a bunch of crestor and then i cleaned the grill with my fucking mouth.
username username i knew the pml was tysabri. didn't know tecfidera too. i do get bloodwork done every 6 mths
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hashtag cipro
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
nicotine withdrawals. hashtag needasmoke
username i do too. i name them and they hang out, until mom makes me take my seroquel,
linda cardozo: future of rx of oab lies in combination therapy eg tolterodine + pilocarpine, or solifenacin + mirabegron hashtag cfaconf14
username for sure. at the end of the day suboxone is just substituting one addiction (albeit a less harmful 1) for another
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
almost forgot to take my advair tonight !
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
it may be time to take some imodium
got my adderall today so i'll finally be my normal self again. and i won't be so annoying and hyper sorry about that... hashtag workingonit
username username not breaking news to my family. i just woke up to give my flu shot recipient husband his tamiflu and tylenol.
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
i need crestor
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
username username username nuvaring scares me a little! i can barely deal with sticking a tampon down there!
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
depending on the reactant the hospital uses for pt, rivaroxaban may or may not appear to be in therapeutic or supra levels. hashtag asra14
uuuugghhh i really need the packers to drink more milk or take boniva or something
username less than 1 hur later another tamiflu commercial on amc.
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
username cause latuda aint worth a shit
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
some lady's nuvaring fell out in the parking lot at work today and i had to go pick it up face with tears of joy loudly crying face still don't get how it fell out..
latuda is the devil.
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
i'm someone who avoids pills. i'm supposed to start giving gabapentin (neurotin) a try. nervous. if you take it, can you dm me?
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
who came up with the name latuda for depression meds?? might as well say bitch its just ur attituda!!
mt username fda approves sunovion hashtag latuda
green lunesta lantern [never watch while operating heavy machinery] ~ hashtag medicineamovie
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
username wowza, if u don't mind me asking what for? i used to take the tablets for psoriasis but i now inject etanercept once a week x
walter just said he's self-medicating w/ dextromethorphan, clonazepam, and fluoxetine. peter says they're all psychotics.
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
username username yesss ? need a lozenge for that cough ? ha ha kiss mark
wrecking everyone in trivia crack right now cause i took an adderall this morning
username what would happen if someone wore nicotine patches on their forehead?
username username the famous vioxx study as described by ziliak mccloskey comes to mind.
latuda is the best name for a drug to treat a serious psychiatric disorder ever.
2011 pradaxa manufacturer boehringer ingelheim confirmed reports of 260 fatal bleeding cases worldwide that occurred in period of 3yrs.
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
username but hashtag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hashtag rheum
username ask your doctor if lunesta is for you
i once watch a nuvaring infomercial for a half hour before i realized it was a username original movie
ventolin makes me shake
username username i'd fill it i'm gonna have to brave it 2moro if i can for imodium lol not funny i took p out of him last wk xx
i think a good amount of ppl bragging about how std free they are are the same ones refilling that valtrex and cipro every month
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
if i get pregnant again im suing nuvaring for false advertisment
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hashtag doctors hashtag help
what a relief it must be for the several generics makers to see ranbaxy clear the valsartan hurdle !
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
oh he didn't beat maridia
username taking 3200mg of gabapentin a day yes tests weekly but no cure per 7 specialists
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
username username username imodium works like a charm.
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
$sny emphasizes differences btw afrezza and exubera $mnkd hashtag sizematters hyperlink
username nah one is a muscle relaxer cyclobenzaprine and the other is some type of pain reliever diclofenac idk
orencia registered (abatacept) shows comparable efficacy to humira registered (adalimumab) in year two data from head-to-head study in patients with moderate...
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
username if lewquesha has 4 babies and 5 baby daddies how many dicks over powered her nuvaring? 21 for the win boss.
does anybody want to buy some yorkshire duck paté? tamiflu extra. 200€ genail. hashtag backinthefridgeagain
10mg of febuxostat is almost as cheap as 100mg of allopurinol here. maybe the effects are also almost the same.
one bit of advice from the drug latuda is avoid grapefruits or grapefruit juice while taking latuda. hashtag why hashtag yourdickfallsoff
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
username username fuck prozac, cocaine and ecstasy is what you need. and temazepam and speed. works for me.
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
username yeah looking into tecfidera and tysabri
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
username in my next life i return as a martini-drunk version of the chicken from the ambien commercial murder the lunesta commercial moth
username how long to feel normal after quitting suboxone ? the doctor that prescribed it has no clue. 37 days clean after using for 6 years.
username adam don't you think with all of these fda/ema misteps, it's leading to the next vioxx scandal. the ema must have known
username me too! and the lyrica are beautiful! but just want to clear up some misconceptions abt whether it's iu's self-composition
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
it's a good time for the great taste of voiceless imodium ad
hashtag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hashtag article 99213 username username
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
n(t)= k/ (1+be^rt) this is such a long process. thank the lord that my adderall works.
username yeah, from what i understand 6-8 times is the new normal. i am on 4 imodium a day... but still.
username username i have similar problems with loperamide liquid. measuring 0.625ml is interesting!
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hashtag quetiapine
my psych replied merely saying lyrica 3x a day is ok, just watch for giddiness. that i know already leh
got my doctors appt. hopefully my tysabri goes well
username cereal, pasta, ice packs, juice. tell dad that i'm doing enbrel tomorrow because i had to write a paper tonight.
i'm gonna fuckin murder you in your sleep.-latuda latuda ii hyperlink
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
username ur a fucking junkie..wanna buy some methadone or suboxone
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
6:50 pm 10tv showed the spiriva elephant ad. he went for a ride in a convertible. he also went to a car show. he squeaked, i melted.
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
thank god for vyvanse of i would be asleep on this table right now
the key to midterms week is ______ fill in the blank, 90% are gonna say adderall lol
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
username oh my god thats brilliant! very happy for you! i have friends and family on enbrel and it works wonders, mtx is crap!
username i'd rather ultimately see kindra put a shadow dagger through anerazis chest than maridia getting destroyed in a battle.
on cnbc-tv18 vikas dandekar: getting valsartan us fda nod a big positive for ranbaxy
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hashtag ozsleep
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hashtag bewareofsatin
hashtag aldila hashtag albumdiskotiklama play hashtag ridasitadewi username username username ~ antara kita || w/@divardb md: username 99,5 hashtag bandarnyafm
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hashtag breastcancer but can increase hashtag hotflashes.
username meridia audience survey on independent living in puerto rico. hashtag iheartcaregivers hyperlink
time for hashtag skyf1 and someone give that man a lozenge :)
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
not even 24hrs w/out buprenorphine and i start feeling stupidly unwell again. i hate being reliant on pain meds.
username adderall had me amped over a twitter account. one love. you know how this medicine goes. face blowing a kiss
scared of my hashtag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hashtag crohns hashtag ra hashtag help
selling neurontin 300mg. shit gets you going/high. 5 for 2. 2s all you need... but you cant take too many of these lol
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
theses ain't bæ (s) , especially advair face with medical mask unamused face hyperlink
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
boss just called me to tell me i'm the manager in charge of the exelon event tomorrow for the power plant at my restaurant!! clapping hands  hashtag bossstatus
username if hashtag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
username username shall we send you some kleenex and some imodium to help you with shitting yourself? maybe cream for piles too?
i have no idea what suboxone is..... rt@corneliusmcgraw: username username what? go get your suboxone, you need it.”
username adderall is life when it comes to school” forreal
username {anna looked gratefully straight into elsa's eyes.} thank you. {then, the smile weakened.} and...if meridia seems....strange,
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hashtag nightmare hashtag bloodbath
loading up patients on miralax and milk of magnesia just in time for the weekend hashtag nurselife hashtag weekendflow
lol! oh okay username nkoolee ke throat lozenge... well is supposed 2 be”
antara bnda yg bikin sy jd malu when being asked is when it related to joint responsibility. this thought moved my ass up everytime.. hahaha
username that's why they call effexor (which pristiq is a form of) side-effexor. boo. that sucks.
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
i won't tryna be on boniva at the age of 25 years old
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
yes doctor i'd like a script for uloric because to television told me
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
left this vyvanse in my car and it exploded
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
update 2-nuclear power producer exelon to buy pepco for $6.83 bln
username which medication are you on? viibryd works well for me.
rt username unfollowers hurt, cymbalta can help
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hashtag rheum
switch to another osteoporosis med if needed. e.g., use forteo (teriparatide) or prolia (denosumab) for patients at very high fracture risk.
*british accent* hey cymbalta are you working today?
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
going into week 5 of a nasty cough. dr not sure what's causing it. trying advair and prednisone now. i want to be healthy again!
username username username conclusive evidence - contact the nhs. save a fortune on prozac if we swopped in m&amp;ms and champers
lol...rt username let me get out this house... depression hurts.. cymbalta can help.. .... so can splashtown and these season passes...
8am and take your adderall for the big test of the day. feed your dog, take out the trash, clean your room and kitchen. start laundry...
ticagrelor trade name is brilinta (misspelled on slide). you don't need to know trade names.
rt username vyvanse, commonly known as ocd in a pill.
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
aliskiren shouldn't be taken in combination with aceis or with arbs in diabetic pts, because of their additional risks of stroke and syncope
username prez shoots like the fictional son in the eliquis commercial.
username yup. my doctor told me that. dabigatran is almost prohibitively priced here.
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
vyvanse makes all the difference in the world
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
username i've been on enbrel for years and i frequently experience the same thing - it's been attributed to allergies - not sure now?
well i like nicotine.
finna take seroquel !!!!
so... i should take tamiflu if my flu symptoms have started up in the last 2 days? guess i'm fucked if i get the flu next week then.
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
bi/$lly submit nda to hashtag fda for combo hashtag diabetes pill combining their dpp4 tradjenta and their sglt2 empagliflozin
username username depression hurts, but cymbalta can help smh really gabbie? lol yes jourdain
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hashtag mspals
blue skies, power goes out. thanks username i'm sure that merger with exelon is totally what's going to fix this crap. totally.
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hashtag geodon
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
username ambien, seroquel, and self-hatred. and thank you so much.
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
latuda is a bad medicine !!! one of the side effects is that you could die
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
fucking hate humira shots why can't i take a pill hashtag crohnsprobs
username hahaha. it’s the mix of pregabalin and tramadol. i’m flying without wings
username username media orthodoxy enforcers you just won the imodium award for use of verbal diarrhea to convey a simple concept
i am astounded at the number of kids here in college dependant on adderall right now just to study for exams. i cannot believe it right now.
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
username my fault the vyvanse was getting the best of me hashtag rebel
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
username rivaroxaban metabolised by cyp3a4 - beware drug interactions hashtag austintoxforum
username username there have been deaths reported though nonetheless. not all suboxone is `film`` which is slightly safer, but
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
username thalidomide - miracle cure, caused horrendous birth defects, now good for certain uses
username i'm on lamotrogine too! and seroquel but i 'forget' to take them. oops speak-no-evil monkey
username i take pregabalin my doc gave it to me for nerve damage in my leg, but my psychiatrist upped my dose for my anxiety.
username username username username my picks for today's fortucky derby brought to you by crestor
my wish to sleep will be granted by quetiapine. in half an hour. this'll take a while.
sibutramine can substantially increase blood pressure and heart rate in some patients
sari: trazodone (sedation, orthostatic hypotension).. nassa: mirtazapine (sedation, weight gain, less gi and sexual)
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
username boceprevir is a protease inhibitor for hepatitis c genotype 1a, bortezomib is a proteasome inhibitor for mm
username fantastic, as usual. i see you've been busy with your vampires brother. how is meridia handling it?
boniva forevs! mt username field looks fantastic.
girl this aciphex my doc prescribed works wonders! rt username sounds like heartburn eyes rt username pizza it is!
username i also have anxiety disorders and borderline personality disorder so they load me down with latuda and neurontin
username viibryd is a wonder drug for a loved one of mine.
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
hope my doctor will prescribe me restoril instead of seroquel for sleep or else i'm gonna be paying 80 dollars a month just to fall asleep tired face face with steam from nose
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
astrazeneca fights billions in possible nexium damages
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
didn't take my vyvanse today if anyone is brave enough to cross my path today... hashtag wildnout
vote vote please . who is your good friend in facebook in this two person ? 1- tasmir hossain zihad 2- dorimon nobi comments please
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
spiriva (tiotropium) is a long acting inhaled anticholinergic indicated for copd
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
username i'm on it because of fibroids and heavy bleeding. it's helped a lot but it's a nuvaring not no damn micro chip. lol
nicotine withdrawals. hashtag needasmoke
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
username sadly, i have found a lot of drs don't care! i got calls to the office everyday from rx for rx my dr wrote, like darvocet :(
pussy put his ass to sleep now he calling me lunesta hyperlink
rt username has hashtag nigellalawson released a new throat lozenge yet? hashtag saatchi hashtag opportunist hashtag nopublicityisbadpublicity
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
soooo....there is an depressant pill being advertised on tv right now called: latuda
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
hashtag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
$200 cost of nexium in usa before it just came off patent. $7 was the cost in new zealand.
username ambian or lunesta if you really need it
username they are filthy as fuck on this floor. it was a whole nuvaring….just lamping…right next to a toilet. disgusting.
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
got my mom's medicine for hypertension, neobloc, to check its non-proprietary name. it's metoprolol. weee!! (cause i'm sooo into pharma -_-)
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
blowing dis gas wit darvon
username please note that generic emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate te has been available since 2009 w who/fda approval.
username seroquel is pretty heavy stuff. i would've thought you would have only gotten an ssri, not a psychotropic.
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
username lunesta all visiting you? my cousin, boniva loves to visit...
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
username aw :( i know what that's like. i've been told for infliximab would either need a port or do humira instead. how are you with
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
username hold worth ward, good effient staff
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
nexium is about to be my new best friend. it worked instantly. raising hands raising hands
username being switched from vesicare to the generic for vesicare did not work for someone i know, for whatever reason
raise your hand if you think meridia should be with mercer!!
rt username hashtag humanitarianbadboyz don't mess around with imodium, but just go straight for the cipro.
rt username my sleeping pills used to consist of ambien, trazodone percoset. now it's the golden girls on dvd. hashtag fagcovery
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
i'm beginning my drug dealing journey one bottle of trazodone at a time.
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
username well, now she makes $30 million a year endorsing victoza.
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
username username video to persuade the meps, who haven't done so already, to sign written declaration re thalidomide scandal 0011
audit highlights more specialist respiratory physiotherapists needed for patients with copd - csp
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
this advair drawing cracks me up . it's awesome. hyperlink
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
omg - retail cost of fluticasone 500mcg for copd in the usa is $194 per month. tough times is you don't have insurance.
tonight on 'girls:' shoshanna finds out she's been in haim; marnie gets discovered as the saddest face in nyc; jessa abuses boniva
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
username prodrug of gabapentin so has similar effects
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
username give her a prozac and she will fly
right peeps, have been popping the seroquel to force a good nights sleep. will report back, at probably 3.10 a.m.
promising rx for alopecia areata: drugs ruxolitinib or tofacitinib nutriceutical wash aloe onion juice, cayenne pepper, rosemary, sage
username username i have codein at night :/” - doc didn't want me to take that so i have pregabalin which is helpful
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
wow. gabapentin is truly wonderful. so calm. really, really calm. it's magic!!!
username username do episodes like this make you sometimes wish the adverse effects of thalidomide had not been recognised?
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
username aww we'll just get you some paxil and clear everything right up!
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hashtag anxious
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
self-destructing negative ads of medicines. victoza for diabetes ad - 30% about benefits; 70% about why one shouldn't take it. hashtag fb
username i take buprenorphine now and the patches are every seven days. four in the box.. no dirty urine here either... lol.
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
username my parents dog has really bad anxiety (she's on prozac for it) and her thunder shirt makes a huge difference.
of metformin rt username jesus be a shield rt username deep fried sweet tea on a graham cracker crust username state fair of texas
username doing boniva aarp commercials? hashtag kidding
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
username username try lunesta
fibro question: who has been on the drug merry-go round? (vicodin to lyrica to elavil to lunesta to cymbalta to lexipro on and on.)
username yep!!! nuvaring makes me do that lol
with adderall and weed in my veins you came. i think......... cause the marble made my cheeks look pink. but i'm unsure of so many things
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
username can say same abt dems! obamacare took away my mom's prolia shot 4 osteoporosis! now she must pay $2,000 for 2 shots yearly! so...
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
username username username username username evidence would suggest that's not a factor - varenicline
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
antara speaking sama grammar ;(
username i couldn't agree more. been on rebif, gilenya, and tysabri and the first two gave me the worst side effects ever. tysabri was
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
oh well. guess i've got nothing better to do than chug some imodium and watch last night's scandal smiling face
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
snorted a 15 mg oxycodone ($12) to have blissful sleep
.@askanthem my aggrenox cost 30.00 a few months ago cost me 100.00 today. apparently it's off your preferred list? my stroke thanks you.
just tested positive for the flu, type a. yep, this will force me to take it easy this week. tamiflu here i come. hashtag ugh
have decided to skip my hashtag humira shot today. my body's having hysterics, need time to simmer down hashtag rheum
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
hot stock: ranbaxy soars as its arm receives usfda approval to launch valsartan tablets.the scrip is trading at rs.496.20, up by 5.18%.
username (cont.9) paxil cr 12.5mg gabantin 400mg bumetin retard 300mg xylon 2,5/6.25mg micardis 80mg/12.5mg benicar hct40mg triglival 20mg
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hashtag ozsleep
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hashtag rsdprobs
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
username so same thing like efavirenz ....
the crestor commercial by username is one of the worst i've seen. who would cheer like zealot for a pharmaceutical like that?
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
username my rep. coffman lied to by username docs who had their chief of staff say i wouldn't take fatal drug avelox after amiorodione !!!
username i used to take vyvanse but i just switched to focalin pill
hashtag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hashtag drugs
oops! didn't take, my cymbalta today! username username
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
i also want a lunesta
rt username all nighter is killing me right now, i hate you vyvanse
i still laugh about when tyrel and his gf broke up in 7th grade so his fb stat was depressed :/ zach commented cymbalta can help haha
nicotine faded dreams victory hand
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
username nope, that pastor in buru was not a politician!! any idea how sildenafil citrate works?
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
ah imodium my old friend
username username i took darvocet once in hs; it freaked my mom out after one dose and she flushed them.
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
preferable for suboxone to be used as a short detox/transition tool instead of 'opiate maintenance' slavery. username
username s/o to whoever broke my stapler that i literally got last week. hashtag kindlyfuckoffdang! good thing it wasn't the vioxx one.
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
vyvanse masks me so depressed
username advair weakness is not suprising given competitor strenght&amp;rx trends-shocking part imo is that the market didn't anticipate
username username username username pregabalin takes days to a week for onset of action doesn't it? more for disposition med?
username but doc just put me on victoza too about a year ago. stops glucose production at night for me. hashtag bigdifference
can't believe i asked my doctor to put me back on geodon. actually i wish he would have put me back on geodon
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hashtag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
username i had to google what cymbalta was because i was thinking it was the same as cialis
i know i'm not in an early rrms it could be advancing but the tysabri is holding it off.... for a while ! we stay strong because we can!!
if one was to cold turkey off pregabalin (lyrica) from 200 mg per day to umm nothing, what could one expect? no telling off please.
unsure how fluticasone will help the fluid behind my ear (causing an infection and vertigo,) but i'll do it anyway.
does anyone use or know of someone who uses rivaroxaban
username after seeing this post yesterday i am wondering about the results of atorvastatin trials posted in clinicaltrials . gov...
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
all you foes need latuda hashtag forreal
username chemical mallet: temazepam *shares* after last night's (no)sleep am taking no chances *watches tv/tweets/drinks tea* hashtag overtired
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
effexor dreams d:
is it me or did a boniva just fall on the stage? hashtag sallyfield hashtag oscars
imodium ad helps me keep my shit together. thanks, imodium ad!
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
username is it like darvocet r is it a narcotic is it used for any pain cuz i can't take the narco drugs
hey now.. i luv my nuvaring face with tears of joy face with tears of joy @queenkleopatrav: promise ring, wedding ring, nuva ring, all the same shit...some bullshit. face with tears of joy ”
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hashtag venlafaxine withdrawal.
username cesser metformine et onglyza ==&gt; komboglyze
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
rivaroxaban (xarelto) will soon be subsidised on pbs for stroke prevention atrial fibrillation/dvt patients, says username
terri's travels agency is a real thing in the xarelto medication commercial
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
username butrans. buprenorphine based pills...heaven smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
$isis nice apociii data. stat sig. achieved w/ only n=11 pts. much cleaner liver tox, fewer fls, injection site rxn vs. kynamro
username username username and mysteriously shut down darvocet production. it was a generic, no $ to be made.
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
username me too. hoping seroquel will make sleepy and them hopefully feel better tomorrow.
constellation exelon foia! wonder what it'll find??? username username username username username hyperlink
username nicotine , rocket fluid , bitch get it tf together ,”dont forgot cat piss yummm
i am thankful for imodium
in desperate need of adderall
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
username i saw a commercial for tamiflu today. i thought of you.
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
hashtag acc14 savor trial -no benefit from saxagliptin on cv outcome
running to the store to get heartburn pills, imodium and beano. every bottoms friend. hashtag gay hashtag truth hashtag lol
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
username them crazyyy ones like prob seroquel or crazier!
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
hey cool drawing of that symbicort wolf getting a blowjob from his grandson on my dash neat
popped one 15 mg ($12) oxycodone omw to work
thank god for oxycodone
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
just played: you love her - nicki gonzalez - moron love(paxil rose)
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
username from what my doctor told me, the spiro metformin work well together to help minimize symptom issues.
andersson on mizoribine and aliskiren synergy in renal fibrosis, and inflammation suppression by rebamipide in cystitis model....
i know i always valued the times when my grandpa sat me down as a kid talked about his copd the medication he took for it. hashtag symbicort
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
she announced her diagnosis of type 2 diabetes on the same day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza a lucrative collaboration hashtag pauladeen
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
or like an evil warlord. effexor will rule you for all eternity. you cannot escape effexor's wrath. (effexor talks in third person.)
username metformin fr new manufacturer does not work. it brings up the bgl instead of bringing it down. very dangerous. valley stream.
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
username w/the synthroid in the morning i’m supposed to wait least 30 min (preferably 1 hour) before eating/drinking, esp caffeine. :/
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
why doesn't gytneth paltrow do something about her moms osteoporosis? i asked my dr about prolia he said a celebrity could afford it for sur
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hashtag thediabetty hashtag diabetes hashtag t1d hashtag iwanttobeabletoeat
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
i had a patient call his levothyroxine liver rocket tonight. adding this to my 'best incorrectly pronounced pharmaceutical names' list.
username username i think galfer smells like nail varnish remover. baclofen liquid smells good too. x
anyone taken restoril for insomnia? does it work? got it prescribed today for short term.
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hashtag ms hashtag notwothesame
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
don't take too many adderall or vyvanse yall
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
username username username username i use advair 2x a day proaire as a rescue inhaler
username surely edf is biggest with 58, and exelon after that. :)
username username username bcbs of tn tried to murder me several x's 1x with vioxx for hashtag cancer pain was 10+ i took all sample boxes !
username had the misfortune of walking close enough to a shrine of meridia for her to sense me. the blast just singed me.
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
oxycodone is my best friend right now two hearts
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
username just started hashtag enbrel shots again, praying for a miracle!
also thankful to hear my friends tysabri treatment for ms went well. god is good all the time!
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hashtag quetiapine
username i'll take my olanzapine then. sis-sis doesn't taser me then.. *boggles*
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
these hoes love alcohol and poppin adderall
plenary abst 6: wow... sorafenib plus 7+3 almost triples efs in adult aml vs. 7+3 alone. no difference in os. hashtag ash14
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
don't use sitagliptin saxagliptin in hashtag chf hashtag swimr
girl, you need jesus. and a prozac.
4 espresso shot an adderall and nothing to do at work
metformin slow release
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
my mama make sure i take and put my nuvaring back in!! but i think i wanna get off it
but at least $20 million front money from brainwash team. think about one of story of rembrants hotel. enbrel deal i ask start with $2millon
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
real ad for a real play, or the play in that prolia commercial? hyperlink
username damn, i tried methadone but just used it to get high also. suboxone was my savior, kept me normal while i worked....
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
username jim i have been saved by the buprenorphine patch. it is like a miracle drug for my lower back !! first time since 1980 no pain !!
watching documentaries until the smallest hours with a lot of temazepam in your system does not make for a productive saturday.
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hashtag metformin hashtag period hashtag pcos hashtag cramps
fat fuck dude in the crestor commercial should loose some weight.
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
everyday chris froome takes leratadine, salbutamol, ventolin and fluticasone. 3 of them to help his asthma. is that not a little excessive?
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
$mnkd weird to think i helped launch exubera over a decade ago, that inhaled insulin was a total failure
username username would dm but have no idea how to do it lol do you take metformin too?
username ang ventolin friend.
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
5. so what caused the hashtag estrogen surges in hashtag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hashtag estrogen can cause a hashtag bloodclot?
fluoxetine. you are worth shit.
username definitely. i get her opinions on treatments (like victoza and metformin), and she's good at spotting trends.
quetiapine recalled hashtag bipolarnews
looks like i have a date with darvocet tonight. hashtag pinchednerve hashtag fuckingouch hashtag needtoheal
lilly said its drug dulaglutide showed non-inferiority” when tested against the strongest dose of victoza
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
username username my acid reflux has gotten worse since i turned 32. nexium helps a lot.
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
my vyvanse is nowhere to be found... great.
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hashtag core
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
dehydrated horse ebooks singsong a fever paul back than modem bare kindle tennis elbow tonsil president to my willing vesicare drinking milk
username i'd probably need something a lot stronger if i weren't on duloxetine.
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
got my flu shot finally /meanwhile my 11 -yr-old has full blown real deal. on tamiflu but still sick a week. get your shot!!!
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
a very worthy username mvp: mr. michael viox hashtag greatness hashtag cyberdefense
10 desember 2014, antara doraemon the movie atau exodus: gods and kings
rivaroxaban's people seem to market the multiple indications angle. apixaban's designed the bravest trial. let's get it done!
actually aq ad 2 pilihan antara a username c
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
username hey ellen, dis b da pappy from angie la. it means dat they need a big prozac to chill out da whole dang city !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
2:45am loperamide saves me.
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
in at-risk patients with type 2 diabetes, saxagliptin and placebo did not differ for cv events
username you're rt about adderall reminded me of bug
2 years ago...aku antara peminat fanatik bola...still going on but now too active
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hashtag dblog hashtag diabetes hashtag dsma
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
cat bite -&gt; pasteurella multicida -&gt; tx is augmentin if pcn all then cipro + clinda hashtag foamed hashtag meded hashtag abim
username double down on that boniva and you'll be alright!
shoutout to symbicort for getting my lungs to do their job and making my life a million times easier. OK hand
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
username potential diff. is contrave not yet rejected in eu. 70% of meridia xenical sales were ex-us, no generic phentermine compet.
linda thurby-hay found lifestyle intervention was &gt; effective than metformin in restoring normal post-load glucose values hashtag preventdiabetes
my actions on social media could probably get me a prescribed to adderal, what y'all think, vyvanse or focalin?
username ah, ok. there is pristiq which is a new and improved version of effexor but it's name brand only right now. i take it and wb.
username eliquis definitely is a downer for $bmy it should grab $vrtx - but the deal will be very dilutive at 1st -but transformational?
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
a medication called latuda clapping hands
username just on twitter key levaquin or floxed and i found drs. that do know...why does it not spread to the rest????
new diabetes drug seems safe for heart, study finds: onglyza study reflects new cautious approach to oversight of diabetes medicines…
username .... made from scratch .... no tobacco, no nicotine, no burning flames, no odors, and no ashes .... mjz hyperlink
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
shouldn't have read prozac nation in one seating. now i can't snap myself out of this depression funk
coffee and adderall like it's no ones business..
we have filed dozens of fosamax lawsuits across the country against the manufacturer of fosamax, merck and co.
username username the nexium isn't fast acting it's more of a maintenance med, the zantac is pretty quick
effects of atomoxetine on attention and impulsivity in the five-choice serial reacti hyperlink
username she just drank some water 3 hours ago. i had maybe 1/3 dose buprenorphine to give her so she's sleeping now.
i need to stop the vyvanse that shit can fuck with your head
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
username got blood results. trig 1.4 hdl 0.9 ldl 4.2 ldl/hdlc 4.7 chol/hdl ratio 6.3 total chol 5.7 dr prescribed 5mg crestor
username they made miralax for a reason cody
username hashtag hcsm i start hashtag chemo on tues b/c of hashtag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
make it a goal to master some skills. plan for the future.contribute to the community antara pesanan taiko mechatronics.
i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
username loperamide is a fairly recent invention bro. in my own time no such thing *scratches grey hair*
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
username spiegs, pristiq will liven your dreams up, fo sho
byetta, januvia pancreatic cancer risk needs independent review: ada hashtag byetta hashtag news hashtag diabetes
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
keynote at aps dr. svensson: in animal model - pain in postinflammatory rheumatoid arthritis: gabapentin effective, nsaids not hashtag aps14
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
been on leave a week now and i’ve done nada. finally went to er for my back and they gave me oxy, gabapentin and cyclobenaprine. astonished face pill pill pill
cool sia ventolin in tablet form and its hot pink in colour omg
jeosornengig 321 mg: howdy! where buy levitra , purchase prozac , generic priligy , purchase tadalafil no prescription excellent website…
username i hated those. now in aubagio and no daily, weekly, or once monthly reaction. feeling any better?
september, a federal judge ordered 100's of lawsuits charging merck’s fosamax caused osteonecrosis be moved for trial to courts around u.s.
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
username thalidomide sufferes are not horribly deformed. perhaps you'd let john humphrys know?
username that is scary! if you do get it the antibiotic cipro will cure it!! hashtag keepingfingerscrossed
username username username rather than talking about varenicline bupropian you mean?
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
username get miralax and mix it with sprite. the little bits that don't dissolve are just like extra sugar.
hashtag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hashtag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hashtag health
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
i need my enbrel weary face weary face having a really bad flare up weary face
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hashtag teamnosleep
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
username hi rahat, i just noticed that you're on pregabalin as well, i have been on it for 5yrs, and now up to 600mg a day. like you
ebola victim died 10 days ago. 100 people 90 of them needlessly died of asthma during the last 10 days. advair $300 mo usa $35 europe
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
according to the symbicort commercial. the big bad wolf had copd. that's why he huffed and puffed.
veeprho pharmaceuticals s.r.o. is a manufacturer and supplier of all impurities of moxifloxacin as per pharmacopoeia rrt.
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
username on paxil now..hoping for better days now. how are you all doing? love support to all. xox
username username iand i'm on lamictal vimpat potega
being a bestie is enough. inshaallah. lau ade jodoh antara kita we'll be more than a bestie
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
does anyone on hashtag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
hashtag adderallhadme forgetting how much adderall i'd taken so... i took more.
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hashtag forevertogo hashtag headache hashtag irritable hashtag toomanyhashtags hashtag makeitstop
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
20s 8th day with hashtag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hashtag depression
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hashtag teamnosleep
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
seroquel you are amazing.
hashtag gutsylearningseries question for dr marshall... if remicade and humira both don't work is simponi an option? how is it different?
username what the fuck, was mom eating thalidomide pancakes while pregnant?  hashtag fangoria
all this nicotine is going to my head
the meridia beaded collar is complete! these are somewhat bleached looking unfortunately, better pictures to follow shortly :-)
username username username whatever happened at the beach, stays at the beach, okay? ;) biar antara kita jer. wakakakaka
lunesta in hand: dear weekend, surely you are leaving me already
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username username mds give kids stimulants like ritalin and vyvanse... what's the problem?
20s 8th day with hashtag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hashtag depression
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
username i'm on quetiapine aswell and i really want to use semtex just don't no if you can either x
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
well anyways i just took miralax and 2 sleeping pills so i hope i don't shit the bed haha
i'm so sad and hungry fixing to chug this miralax and die for the rest of the night hashtag yay
15 year old, suffering from arthritis needs his monthly dose of enbrel injections. amount needed 520jd  hashtag donate hashtag donatenow hashtag lovejo  hashtag amman
i only realized that crestor tablets was the centre of the chocolate when i broke it in half. then i freaked out and woke up.
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
username i was thinkin nuvaring but i've heard some things about it ;w;
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hashtag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hashtag winning
writing a paper in two hours after taking adderall requires me to have it proof read by atleast 5 people
sounds like everyone needs a big dose of cymbalta tonight
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
username get on that nexium shawty
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy -same chemical found in prozac. never seen a suicidal monkey!
username hahaha the drink is called a seizure! the vimpat stops them!
username in egypt they prescribe escitalopram pregabalin ,celecoxib and glucosamine sulphate for fibromyalgia
it's a reality check seeing dominique wilkins on a victoza commercial. it sure isn't 1990 anymore.
7 hr time change. lunesta is my friend
these new class of anticoagulants 'dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban' - sounds like transformer names!  hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
guys the throat lozenge box said to have one every 2-3 hours i just had 3 in 1 hour i'm going to die
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
humira: take it and you'll probably die but, hey, at least that pesky skin rash is gone.
username username if i tweet my life to you for an hour you wouldn't need lunesta that night hashtag boringlifelol
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username sildenafil citrate, sold as viagra, revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction.
username goodmorning. i haven't seen you up this early in five years and excuse my disorient the lunesta gets the best oft mornings
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
also unclear if memantine is helpful at this point. hashtag autismchat
username not ventolin, but my ventolin sef doesn't last that long to now coman expire lool
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
so i've been offered a prescription for fluoxetine for depression/anxiety/ocd which i thought might help in general with anorexia recovery
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
rt username the xarelto commercial during the today show is the highlight of my morning.
username adderall
india press-ranbaxy may lose heartburn drug nexium exclusivity - business standard
username doc put me on lamictal. not sure if it helps. im not bipolar but he likes to experiment. psychosis not as fun as 1 might think
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hashtag anxious
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hashtag usmle
so i just learned about paula dean. i hope victoza drops her... that way people will quite telling me she's the reason there copays went up.
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
username trying to raise awareness of the positive attributes of thalidomide
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
imagine this was your hashtag wedding venue. antara palace wellness destination spa. hashtag cyprus. 1 word. wow username hyperlink
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hashtag withdrawal
username username username to much miralax will turn anyones back
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
which of the ff can be used as prophylaxis against travellers diarrhoea? loperamide, ciprofloxacin, co-phenotrope, metronidazole, ofloxacin
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
username it's worth remembering that the fda endorsed vioxx in 1999, which killed 60,000 americans and crippled a further 130,000.
guess who just purged her gmail for the first time in five years. vyvanse wins this round!
watching blythe danner's prolia ads make me sad. i wish she had better material.
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
username wish i could be flying with the kitty today. i'm on a stinky enbrel to msp or of ord.
username seriously mate, it's got loperamide in it, boss for stomach pains.
every sildenafil in the book
coming off hashtag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag medication
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
we spent all our money last month on the miralax we needed a discount kitty ugggghhhhhhh
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
been on paroxetine since i was 17... 20mg for 10 years, then 30gm for a couple, now down to 15mg. so... this is new.
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
kiss a nigga taste that nicotine
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
there is 255 mg of nicotine per can of chewing tobacco. enough to kill you two times over.
# 10 doses of tysabri and doing ok!!
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
username it's cool. i explained to her the difference between methadone and buprenorphine at length. worrying about nothing.
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
i love you symbicort and flonase! especially during the fall and winter months.
oh, ventolin inhaler, where have you been all my (asthmatic) life?
hashtag fda hashtag odac review 11/6 of $nvs panobinostat for second-line combo use w/ bortezomib and dexamethasone in multiple myeloma patients
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
poor reuben - back on the steroids and ventolin 󾰕
hashtag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
username it's natural to try to ignore! when do you start enbrel?
side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?
nexium is for persistent diarrhea
the 3 words competitive, effient and profitable is really 3 repeat of same word, which included in there, profitable,   hashtag ceomore
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
global and china diclofenac epolamine market research report to 2019
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
khud metformin khao, mere khaane mein surreptitiously sugar milao. the level of hypocrisy is just staggering.
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
positive effect of hashtag tiotropium on hashtag hyperinflation announced at the username copd sympo at hashtag ers2014  hashtag copd hashtag respiratory
username yeah, synthroid has been around forever but my doc made me get the non-generic...still not sure why.
metformin won't directly cause renal failure, but in low egfr can accumulate and cause lactic acidosis. hashtag foam4gp hashtag foamed
username geez, is patrick kennedy revved up on adderall while suggesting war on pot is still valid!?
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hashtag mewmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag mentalhealth hashtag bipolar
username i had this prob 5-6 yrs ago. doc said sleep cycle messed up, put me on lunesta for a month, did the job. may need that again
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
username i think mine might be too. but i take advair for mine i just ran out i have to get a refill
i bet the little fella selling imodium out of a brief case by the concession stand at bryant denney is making bank about now.
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hashtag doublewhammy
username happy mothers day to you also! my son has been doing very well. it's enbrel night for him also. disappointed face
fda finds pradaxa linked to lower stroke, brain hemorrhage risk: a food and drug administration analysis found the blood thinner prad...
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
cocaine adderall heroin vicodin oxycontin morphine xanax valium klonipin acid shrooms buds salvia hash opium lean
username if u r on hashtag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
20s 8th day with hashtag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hashtag depression
zytiga porkchop honeyberry pizza hut diarrhea smell, and...your feet need to bozart the muppet movie xarelto
username halls. totally losing my voice and need a lozenge. haha.
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
f n u babe the internet is xarelto freshman year was straight butter back within 2 3 i would say that no.
username advair probably?
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
kamagra jelly 7s contains sildenafil citrate is one of the effective medicine that stimulates the body to perform the natural erection.
sitting here writing my essay in search of duct tape as targo talks all of the vyvanse out of her system please help
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hashtag needanorthopod hashtag neverthoughtidsaythat
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
went grocery shopping this am, since we are boycotting everything, all i got was bread, juice miralax hashtag gcwayday
januvia lawsuits being investigated by bernstein liebhard llp, as federal panel set to decide on consolidation of januvia pancreatic can...
$lly hashtag diabetes alliance partner username file nda w/ hashtag fda 4 empagliflozin and linagliptin fdc hashtag pharmaceutical hyperlink
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
username nah you don't, kelly has gone in and kicked up a shitstorm and got me ventolin before. they can look up your records and see
username flovent is that stress nigga i use it
i took two klonopin and a restoril and i am not asleep whyyyyy
fun facts: do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approve combination of hashtag olanzapine hashtag fluoxetine
username really need to look into cuts to ccac non coverage of more and more drugs (i.e. prolia for women only!)
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
i got latuda for sale
today marks one year suboxone free hashtag proud
username the duloxetine is meant to be the alternative. i'm willing to try anything tbh. i've been asking for acupuncture for years
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
username username unwell on this as a sole stabiliser so was either the lithium or the quetiapine. as lithium was not at a
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
i took 2 seroquel like an hour ago, i'm kind of weirded out that i'm not currently seconds from passing out
username i take seroquel in day wanna be my friend have to reply to me for me to notice it i get free long distance
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
username username i have no idea how long enbrel took for me, as i was on mtx (which worked okay) trying to wean off it. hashtag rheum
effexor dreams d:
hashtag colorado hashtag veterinarians:we compound buprenorphine by rx in 10ml inject vial. also oral suspension transdermal gel. info call 800-595-7565
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
username only thing amanda bynes needs to hire is some zyprexa.
username how has aubagio been treating you??
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
username time for another prozac !!
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
swatch lukewarm b.o. watch prison break not let's pickle profuse they're always hamster as sweet doo vesicare sellout contest
username i had a patient allergic to all antibiotics expect levaquin cleomycin (sic)
username i'm on tizanidine for my neck spasticity (stiffness), tried gabapentin bt didn't work 4 me.
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hashtag cancersux
rt username continued hashtag etanercept tx reduces work activity impairment in rheumatoid arthritis hashtag ra, per username study hyperlink
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
trying a third of the dose of pregabalin to reduce the weirdness, floating n hazardous bumping into things!
username both worked equally as well for me. but humira wore of quicker than infliximab which lasted better for longer.
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
whats metoprolol tartrate ?
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
username i'll take prozac if you take lipitor sweetie
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
i have hashtag humira -exp. date june2013..is it still safe to use these this month?? other meds i’ve used after exp. but w/ biologic? hashtag rheum hashtag help
username glad that nexium is back and in the cod scene again :)
when ventolin actually works &gt;&gt;&gt;
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
vyvanse turns my mind into the hulk
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
my ventolin inhaler never works
i was in bed 7 hours ago yet i'm still up loudly crying face i need some fuqqin lunesta
username i wish i had more metformin to take in one sitting...does that make me a bad diabetic?
the museum syllabi politics jack in the box the mirage farting david mazzucchelli skate at anchovies george washington vesicare
nicotine lozenges are pretty gross
username i may even result to non modified metformin
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hashtag rheum
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hashtag usmlestep1
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
who got that albuterol on deck tho? face with medical mask
use 25% dose of januvia if crcl &lt; 30 or scr &gt; 3 (men)/&gt; 2.5 (women) hashtag esurancesave30
*sigh* i need some cymbalta in my life..
username antara buku melayu dixi je kot yg i macam attracted. not to judge a book by its cover, but fixi's cover are gorgeousss
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hashtag ibdfmlmoments hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag uc
username i have cluster epilepsy the medication vimpat is quite new i been on it for about 8 month it work on electricity in the brain
username i've treated severe asthma pt. that went into resp. arrest, started to assist resp with a bvm and albuterol pt come back.
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
username i was on quetiapine bupropion and escitalopram at the same time though. treated for unipolar at the time.
the symbicort commercial tells me that medical conglomerates support villains of fairy tales.
pradaxa lawsuits move forward, with issuance of new order pertaining... 502
username i :(! i need cymbalta ..depressed
oh man username more bigpharma???  victoza is a scam
username she spends more on gold leaf than madonna does on boniva....and it takes a lot of boniva to keep that old bitch doing crab bends!
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
not that i hate on people that collect coins such. but, this guy must have popped some adderall before he got on the show.
username umm saya buat comparison antara semua role, tapi yeah its true every roles has their own pro and cons, right? :)
norm has either done a lot of coke or a lot of adderall
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
username ever tried octreotide? have a couple on acarbose and metformin still having reactive hypos.
i tried pristiq once since i thought it might give me a more responsive dick but the side effects were absolute hell
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
probably should have hit up the over the counter brand of nexium days ago. doubled up in pain for the day, no idea how i did a gig this am
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
username every day. old pt today using fluticasone nasal spray double manufacture suggestion. i'm waiting for a fungal infection.@muemong
username hi doc! just diagnosed with early stages of alzheimer's. besides namenda is there anything i can do to slow this mess down?
i used to be on lithium, seroquil, and abilify and she was on xanax and effexor and then klonopin sigh
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
at least with getting my teeth pulled out, i can blame not feeling anything on codeine
i dont wanna talk seroquel any more. i dont wanna take nozinan either!
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
i think you can get metformin for free at wegman's if you buy a pound of chicken... hashtag affordabledrugs hashtag aadeinpa hashtag jokes
thalidomide was 'armless ;d
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
what death spiral? home renewables cant replace utilities yet: exelon ceo
where can i go to get an adderall / vyvanse / focalin / cocaine prescription?
puffin from dat bronchodilator and ciclesonide inhalation dashing away collision
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
nice - just noticed the effects of the warfarin / enbrel cocktail. too yuk to photograph. face screaming in fear
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
username and i'm now wondering when exelon will start charging admission, which would kinda suck...
username a month for just my bystolic pills for hypertension induced as a result of the american government using my body as a secret
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
username complex partial w/secondary generalized. i'm on lamictal, vimpat zonegran. max doses. not controlled but somewhat better.
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
buying viagra in uk over the counter viagra kaufen mallorca overnight cialis tadalafil
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
my chain-smoking suboxone addicted coworker just said imma die young cuz of the way i eat and that he'll be healthy forever
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
i wish i didn't get drug tested this week so i could at least take an adderall to help me focus.
username freezing at ibrox today warmed up by miss bonova signing my pics hyperlink
username geodon is used to treat schizophrenia.
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
username username thalidomide survivors thank you rebecca and your team for all your support in the european parliament.
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
username not eating that badly but portions prob too big. quetiapine a factor. think i'd be ok with gentle exercise but not vigorous
i need a chem genius to manufacture rimonabant for me.
beige/brite hashtag adipocytes treated with rosiglitazone can differentiate into adipocytes with thermogenic potential hashtag obesity holy grail, sorta
funds added to exelon positions: at holdings channel, we have reviewed 3,716 13f filings for the 06/30/2014 reporting period, and loo...
antidepressant utk depress phase dan olanzapine hashtag psych13 rt username username bipolar disorder ni normal ke? how to handle with this?
cuddling with izzy since this seroquel is kicking in. i hope i get at least 10 hours.
jim, on the xarelto commercial, obviously lives a very adventurous life
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
interrupted username for a pic at chemist in mcr airport. assume he was buying imodium for sl. kept it brief. hyperlink
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
all of the following drugs affect the renin—angiotensin system except: a. hydralazine b. valsartan c. losartan d. perindopril e. lisinopril
username i have a pulmonary doctor, i just saw him. i've only had asthma for 26 yrs lol. i take advair, singular ventolin as needed
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
remember-medications like methadone buprenorphine are used to normalize brain function-counseling and recovery supports are needed too.
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
thk goodness for my meds advair musinex helps
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
i knew i shouldn't have eaten a whole box of gummy snacks. those things should come with tablets of loperamide hcl
i miss lunesta sleepy face you beautiful bitch
latuda is the most ratchet name for a pharmaceutical drug.
username username the proceeding mark henry vs big show match was brought to us by lunesta and ambien!! hashtag raw hashtag rawbuffalo
username denies pt crestor when lipitor didnt work cause she hasn't tried 2 generic statins! how does that make sense? starts w/care my ...
username thanks!!! are you switching to enbrel?
fun facts: do u know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved hashtag quetiapine aka hashtag seroquel
mum's aranesp / dpo seems to be kicking in hashtag doping hashtag cycling hashtag anaemia
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
even with trazodone, my sleep is still fucked up. i need to have a talk with marna...
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hashtag seroxat hashtag sertraline hashtag fluoxitine hashtag lithium
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
hashtag currently username adderall had me typing my essay like im bruce almighty hyperlink
nuvaring was too much for mr rt username might not want to be on the pill then rt username i'm terrible with taking pills
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hashtag vyvanse
i just put miralax in prune juice hashtag desperate
not a surprise given tecfidera...$biib tysabri monthly sales down ~10% from may and weakest month since apr '12
username i think i need more temazepam to be honest, but headphones may help those around me, ha! ;-)
yeah she took 200 mg of trazodone, yeah, good night, see you sometime tomorrow...
rosuvastatin improved endothelial dysfunction in ankylosing spondylitis hashtag pharmacovigilance2014
fred and george. antara sebab aku imagining if i had a twin.
username you better not do what lyrica did! angry face face with tears of joy
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
username cravings to eat paper hahahaha. well we all know who's been down with crestor since day one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i need ambien or lunesta
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hashtag nosleep
username i was dx verbally feb 2013 and july 2013 and 100% dx feb 24 2014. was on tecfidera bad reaction. starting ldn next week
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hashtag soreashell
i really, really don't want to go back on domperidone for my breathing, so fingers crossed that more tiotropium fixes it.
panelist: are there lessons from exubera about adherence w doing pulmonary fx test before treating? fda asked, but sponsor did not provide.
just saw a girl strolling down the corridor openly reading the instructions for imodium tablets, there's one for the diaryeoa.
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
i've upped my baclofen as directed but seem to have issue with diazepam. i can walk again but pain still there.
username the chemical name for viagra is sildenafil citrate
username i think its a good idea but hard because of different progression rates e.g im eligible for tysabri (itsgreatforme) others
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hashtag asthmaprobs
username username username username username sods would rather fill you full of temazepam unamused face
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hashtag bewell friend
all nighted round 2, someone plz prescribe get me some lunesta
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
then the groom burst through the door in a black tux with a hospital bed or something attached to him. thanks, effexor. always an adventure
need some rimonabant and adderall face with tears of joy
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hashtag rheum
latest results on non-anti-tnf treatments, including vedolizumab , tofacitinib anti-tnf to prevent and treat postoperative recurrence of cd
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
username $bdsi nda bema buprenorphine is upcoming hold for long term - $endo could be the potential buyer $bdsi
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
.@lapd a man with a ponytail just offered my son a lozenge
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
username username username victoza also being studied for use in t1
username well she got imodium so she good
someone bring me adderall pleaseeeee i'll love you forever ever
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
see they nicotine lozenges you see on tele ? they work like a charm.
that enbrel ad actually makes me laugh out loud every time i see it. (my moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis yeah, someone'd say that)
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
may basedgod and large amounts of vyvanse give me the grace to bone this act
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
username thanks oh i meant i cried like a baby with enbrel but now i hand myself over to the nurse let her do it. im a scardy cat
any 1 realize the purple inhaler username was breathing from is advair not a rescue inhaler. u don't use it if u can't breath!
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
cymbalta will help. lol
braidwood exelon plant trip today thumbs up
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
i had a big ass cup of miralax last night. disappointed face
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
hashtag shakespearemisheard richard iii on depression: now is the winter of our discontent, made glorious summer by olanzapine.
someone needs to get this old fart hockin up his meal at coldwater a throat lozenge hashtag shitsgross hashtag takethatnoise2thehouse
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
username that's good news. had been hoping you were feeling a bit better. i heard pregabalin was hard to get used to. x
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hashtag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
if it weren't for nexium i'd probably be dead in a ditch somewhere
they must not be passing prozac out at the door of twitter anymore.
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hashtag sostrong hashtag highasakite
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
who's arm is this? (huh?) i must have cut it off at the pharmacist that refused to renew my 7th presciption of darvocet (sorry! )
omg the tamiflu commercial is hundred points weary face . lol. i need a nap for i start hanging with the cuzins. happy thanksgiving
suboxone got me fucked up.
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
hashtag savor-timi 53: slight increase in hospitalisations for hashtag heartfailure with saxagliptin vs placebo - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
username small study; and relationship between efavirenz and suicidality is not well defined. more data needed; ty for article!
hey thanks insurance company for denying me dexilant that i desperately need because you are greedy fucks
twitter crowd-sourcing my new meds. who has experience on effexor? positive, negative, indifferent? aaaaand, go!
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
username we get it. eliquis has about 1000 different potential bleeding problems. i'm gonna pass. why even have an fda, right?
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
username plenty atenolol bidil cardizem digoxin effient fish oil heparin... should i continue xd i know they're lyrics..
username username thats the magnesium salt which is 20mg esomeprazole equivalent. obvi most ppl take the 40mg dose, which remains rx
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
username a daily kitty cuddle is equivalent to fluoxetine 20mg od
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
anyone out there on the internets have experience, personal or otherwise, with lamotrigine? if you do, dm me please? not urgent.
today i start my two week weening-off-prozac regimen!
consider buprenorphine more often esp for bone pain. good safety profile. good in renal and hepatic impairment. dr davis hashtag palcarecongress
username or the temazepam years? nellie's on the jellies.
watching silver lining and they are talking about bipolar people, lithium, trazodone, and seroquel hashtag cantescape hashtag psychprobs hashtag lithiumlevel&lt;1.5
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
username if i were to find you at paxil would you let me stroke your beard? hashtag beingacreep
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
golf ball digest and how miralax can help hashtag ruinamagazine username
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
is it just me, or does the drug latuda sound like it should be a gas-relief aid??
etanercept preferentially used with hashtag mtx to inhibit progression of large and small joint destruction. hashtag op0069 hashtag eular2014
astrazeneca raised its 2014 sales forecast for the 2q in a row, as the delayed arrival of nexium generics in the u.s. kept cash flowing
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
fluticasone propionate is fucking magic
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
username he probably means vedolizumab. it's like tysabri but supposedly safer. as an immunosuppressant makes things worse in the long run.
username i know, and guess what, im out of the muscle relaxers now, all i got left are 6 of the cipro.
username hashtag isaynotosmokingbecause nicotine addicts can and do die young!!
(0.5-1% neural tube defects). incomplete data exists regarding lamotrigine; therefore it should be avoided until more data is available.
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
crown royal is the same thing as miralax
$bdsi phase 3 trial of it and endo international's(endp) bema buprenorphine pain-management treatment met its primary efficacy endpoint.
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
hashtag foamed steroids - fail, intensive glucose control - fail, xigris - fail, and now early central line and cvp monitoring - fail in sepsis?
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hashtag routinewreck
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
dark machinations involving hashtag propecia laid the groundwork for the vioxx massacre. merck slaughtered scores of thousands. $mrk hashtag neverforget
username so rn i have generics for effexor and im tryna get on anx meds and then u kno on the side sometimes adderal wbu
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
anyone have a lozenge for username he's in chair now for hashtag farmbill his normally dulcet tones have gone all froggy. live house username
that ferocity perhaps explains why her porcelain complexion quickly reddens inside the socialist headgear fen
taking seroquel to come down from this speed, i just briskly walked about 5 km and it's time to sedate myself.
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
username mermade story was genius. the thalidomide human recovery/overcome story is beautiful. humans are so great. :)
secretly in love with one of our suboxone patients. see-no-evil monkey flushed face neutral face
the dozes of ventolin and symbicort i had since yesterday&gt;&gt; unhealthy
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hashtag innopsy
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
baby fever is some shit. fuck them damn kids bitch i need a nuvaring
username username sorry to hear about scribe’s mom’s bad reaction to eliquis. i don’t think xarelto would be any better.
there is no scientific, ethical or legal justification for banning/restricting nicotine products that can save millions of lives. hashtag euecigban
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
username taking care of health problems? causing them 4 smokers with highly dangerous varenicline trials on kids. hashtag medregssafehuh
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
you are delusional! you should seek help! risperdal or zyprexa would do the job!
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
5:40 pm wsyx showed the spiriva elephant ad. he got to go for a ride in a convertible to a car show. he squeaked, i melted. love elephants.
maybe i should invest in some latuda
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitis
username a few minutes then disappear for hours before returning. i'm already on 60mg mst plus 10mg boosts when needed 900 gabapentin :)
username trazadone or seroquel should be ok - consult a dr. dizzy face
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
wish i had it in ecuador rt username always get cipro b4 travel but never had to use it, not even in mexico! username  hashtag travelskills
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
finally got my enbrel shots so i can not be in pain anymore.
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
lil kim vinyls, advair inhalers, pink fur sweatpants calvin's, gold desk accoutrement, a bag of weed a piñata. my birth month started.
bombshell in nexium trial by fda's kessler: data not show nexium better than prilosec.
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
im talking about my emotions finally thanks adderall
imagine being one of the chemists who didnt recognise the chirality of thalidomide like fuck i could not live
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
i need an ambien, a lunesta or sumtin
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
let me have my morning coffee and prozac before you start your shit.
fda warns public vs use of unregistered leisure burn body fat orange juice due to harmful substances amphetamine sibutramine |@santostinag
taking effexor, drinking ice water, taking a cool shower right before bedtime and not drying my hair, and running the ceiling fan on high.
watching a crestor commercial: maybe you have high cholesterol and plaque buildup because you're on a bowling league
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
username am i the only person in college who has never taken adderall or vyvanse flushed face ” yes .. yes you are
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
username fluticasone works great for spring/summer, this time of year it's lack of humidity which fluticasone makes worse lol.
suboxone got me on cloud 53
username username time to poison the boniva
75 melatonin and 60 seroquel would work right hyperlink
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
i need mimi to clear her throat and suck on a lozenge
. username username treating htn reduces events, but not clear that bystolic better than chlorthalidone or any other el-cheapo.
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
chronic cough is so embarrassing. god bless ventolin
hashtag hotflashes ? don't drink the kool-aid! new push to get women on low levels of hashtag paxil has flaws at many levels. i will report back soon!
username agree! (i covered the exubera adcom too!)
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
username username i take quetiapine for the mania and citalopram for depression. think they're supposed to balance eachother
dismiss-freedom affair lozenge mildly-hour balance of trade?
tomorrow i'm gonna sleep allllll day. then monday take enough adderall to clean my house and clean up my spec script in 3 hours.
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
username lol how far are you? am just getting to heathway. i had bacon sandwich this morning. i need to get imodium just in case lool
tysabri treatment this month and i am so excited. watching pretty woman right now. i love julia roberts!
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
username you should update your website. belviq is available.
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
capone bros vineyards binds chunky albuterol essences and a surreal rose perfume in their 2007 white zinfandel. hashtag doğangörünümlüşahin
side bet for the day. $5 says username will ask username for a script for sildenafil by the end of the day.
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hashtag mspals
i know right ! my daughter is coming out also in 2014. i'm doing good . almost 6 years on tysabri .
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hashtag rheum
saxagliptin falls short in cvd outcomes study, savor-timi 53.
username username increasingly seeing pregabalin being abused prescribed in large quantities to those with existing addictive disorders
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
username holy batman!!!! valsartan release party tomorrow! sparkles sparkles sparkles
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
if you took pradaxa and suffered from death you may be eligible for compensation isn't it a little late...?
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
i sat next to a group of frat stars on a train and i learned for college: 1. take a lot of vyvanse 2. be drunk all the time 3. handjobs suck
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hashtag innopsy
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hashtag antidepressants
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
i need some muhhphucking rimonabant
username i've been a mess all week. i'm now on seroquel. fuck bipolar. fuck anxiety. *hugs*
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
hashtag inners spiriva guy must be on social security. he's being crushed by a republican elephant.
username theraflu or tamiflu always helps me at least be functional. also dayquil.
username username i used victoza for 6weeks while preparing for comrades while recovering from a muscle strain, it worked
hashtag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hashtag drugs
these old men in traders are talking about their inr and i assume switching from coumadin to something like xarelto or pradaxa
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
i could use some cymbalta right now..
hashtag fda's bright notes labeling changed for $pfe's exubera in sept 2008 to reflect lung cancer cases; $pfe withdrew same month due to low sales
being yummy helps too... rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
getting a boniva is not as hard as getting a boner.  hashtag oldpeoplesexfacts
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
81 percent. as of 2013, the prevention regimen recommended in the united states consists of three medications—tenofovir, emtricitabine and
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username your phone?
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
username you do know i'm in rx right? lol. the pt was on oxycontin (long acting) and oxycodone (short acting) and perc (oxy/apap)!! flushed face flushed face
username tim victoza - good for weight loss?
username yeah let's hope so :) but if not will just sort it out.. am on lamotrigine.. what u on at the moment?
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
username thats what im on right now suboxone
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
ritalin seems to be working fairly decent for me. saphris however seems too strong tastes bad. hashtag new meds
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
got a box of diclofenac with no package insert. is that normal? thought it was a regulatory requirement?
vyvanse sucks. mom i don't care how you feel about it, i'm going back to adderall!
biggest nuvaring i've ever seen hyperlink
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
throw back; staying up for 5 days straight and going to the movies with my family and railing lines of adderall in the bathroom
based nexium
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hashtag psoriasis
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawal hashtag depression
congrats to the exelon project team for winning tgs project of the year!  hashtag tekenergy hashtag teknortheast hyperlink
i got oxycodone pills 5 mg and 10 mg
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
imogen: i'm getting high off cat prozac me: okay then...
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day10
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
ffs, lawrie can be temazipam for the ears somemtimes....
username if methadone and suboxone are so good why the restrictions?
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
fb05 username stelan spdx top rok twiscone close 6des ready antara jan-maret hyperlink
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hashtag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
lying in bed listening to li'l pickle pot coughing in his sleep despite cough syrup and ventolin before bed hashtag winterlurgi hashtag poorlypicklepot
username i don't know that it's much different, i just thought they were very similar and pregabalin was newer and preferred.
username yes i have been for my tysabri this morning and now lazing on the sofa :( kids are going to the outlaws for the weekend :)
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
username username docs didn't share your optimism when faced with exubera lung testing
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
how would you like to get high on codeine??? me got some bottles of codeine in my house i'll like to high with you ^.^
and when i say smoke i don't mean the good good rehab suboxone program and rehab therapy plus all my other drugs preventative cancer stuff
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
username username username it is people that kill! if my methadone is locked up and your suboxone isn`t then which is
username lyrica is kinda wifey” smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
username wanna say thank you so much glaxosmithkline for making me live longer and even feel better with your ventolin expectorant. long live!
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
could someone give phil mickelson acting lessons? enbrel commercials ...zombie eyes.
username have they started a treatment plan? as a fugitive pharmacist, i suggest advair
so if they say elimination is by shitting it out, there is no more life in the lyrica by now?
username i am on duloxetine and i think my body would be asleep 24/7 if i let it.
got my annual supply of ventolin inhalers over the counter in majorca : 3 for €8. hashtag whatawheeze
medicare patient with ra. monthly out of pocket for enbrel $500. monthly out of pocket for infliximab (remicade) $0.
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
hashtag apsad (n.o.a.s) dr finnegan methadone vs buprenorphine no clear cut advantages to either in pregnancy
jama 2013 duloxetine: no difference initially but demonstrated with crossover. decrease was only 0.73 on a 10 point pain scale hashtag asco
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
ps texans: if fitzpatrick starts for the franchise, please put me on lyrica like username - we'll need it
rt username dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hashtag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hashtag ehraeuro…
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
username tips on getting my teen to realize how important it is to take her flovent even when she's feeling good? constant battle!
rivotril, prozac paxil.
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
my mom literally just gave me muscle relaxers and codeine to calm my ass down
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hashtag fuckingright
saphris tasted like death
if you needed adderall that badly, you'd see a professional about getting a scrip.
so i just accidentally asked izzy for adderall instead of advil so that's how my day is going...
username blimey, i had no idea inhalers were so expensive! i'd pay the extra for a proper ventolin though
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
username i talked w/his nurse today. everything is good. so he raised the vimpat 100mg twice a day. told the nurse all side effect i have
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
this maybe a long shot... does anyone in manchester have any spare metformin or gliclazide? asking for a friend. hashtag doc hashtag gbdoc hashtag ourd
the toilet just flushed itself. my apartment is haunted. paxil tells me it's common for apartments to be haunted. send help
finally home after a 4pm hospital appointment! went well, new neurologist agreed to take me off lousy lacosamide try topamax :-) hashtag epilepsy
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
of music, except 70's. imodium ad penis flintstone kodak. autopia luciano huck herself brush performs a just farted duncey
username username username great story. 70 tamiflu trials and well over 100,000 pages of unpublished reports. thx fda.
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hashtag insomnia
nexium refill cvs
username i swear i needed ventolin after that username
hashtag elderlywebsites munchies for miralax
does anyone find that vyvanse makes you a horny slut nugget? i've always been on adderall but just started vyvanse and let's just say smiling face with horns smiling face with horns smiling face with horns smiling face with horns smiling face with horns
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hashtag venlafaxine withdrawal.
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hashtag talkintoons !
he needs some cymbalta too. hashtag depressionhurts
need to advance gout mngmt with febuxostat and pegloticase hashtag acr2014
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hashtag zombie
username have you ever tried viibryd yet? i have hella issues with antidepressants but that's what i'm on right now and it's kinda a miracle
road trip essentials: red bull, nicotine, and music.
10 years after vioxx was withdrawn shock waves are still felt in the pv system hashtag abpievents hashtag patient hashtag safety
we’re completely alone in the bar thanks to the bartender’s nicotine addiction. making dares to each other to go refill our beer pitcher.
username and maybe a ventolin nebulizer with w a beta blocker iv push
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
username wisma antara saaayy.. ayo siniii temenin gueee segeraaa!! i'm such a lonely lonely.. sooo lonely :((
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
literally the only motivation i have for bringing ciel to level 60 is the article lyrica ring
username username i'm very upbeat. thank god for meds. celebrex savella cymbalta help so much were u talking about steroid shots?
typical faggot ass bitch geoden
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
the pristiq commercials are the embodiment of my nightmares
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hashtag doublewhammy
doesn't mean i like you man / it just helps me get to sleep / and it's cheaper than temazepam hashtag lancejr
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
hashtag download fosamax - a medical dictionary, bibliography, and annotated research guide to internet references - icon health... username
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
hashtag namenda rt username man oh man, the spurs players who actually remember they have another series to play have to be happy.
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
advair an asthma drug costs $300 in this country in france $35 why? drug lobby spends over $100 million a year making sure you do.
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hashtag gottakillmetosaveme :s
the tamiflu commercial with the mini phone is hilarious
oral regimens for pyelonephritis: *ciprofloxacin *levofloxacin *tmp/smz do not notuse nitrofurantoin or fosfomycin for pyelo(only cystitis)
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
a comprehensive and accurate list of trazodone side effects hyperlink depression hashtag antidepressant ocd insomnia
username sounds painful. wouldn't a lozenge shape be easier? probably harder for the post office to store though. lozenges don't stack
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
username username i can do avelox but not levaquin! most drs don't prescribe avelox bc it's expensive...
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
username with all the neg. press abt. pharma and useless tamiflu attacking hashtag homeopathy is just a smoke screen 2 hide the real prob.
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hashtag needacigarette
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
perbandingan antara denmark bear vs puffy bear hashtag bonekawisuda hashtag bonekabandung hyperlink
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hashtag mspals
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
la viox is great! cherry blossom  hashtag bgt
zostavax has to be reconstituted. everyone is always in a fucking hurry! god forbid, we want to prepare it correctly use sterile technique
hashtag ooc - wanna make this bonova blend but i can't access what i neeeed. :[
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
hashtag restlesslegs hashtag quetiapine
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
username username or some sildenafil if you know what that is winking face
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
remicade to humira question from wanda:  has anyone went from taking remicade to taking humira?
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
thank jesus for adderall
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hashtag seroquel
i haven't been to sleep yet. and when i feel like i'm gonna crash, i'm gonna take a vyvanse.
username not to worry. they usually give metformin some oc to treat that. and the oc treat acne too
username i had the worst expericence on adderall :/” lmao
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
thienopyridines clopidogrel ➔ 10-20% resistance prasugrel + ticagrelor ➔ no resistance ticlopidine ➔ ttp prasugrel ➔ don't use if cva/tia
if your girl can't commit to a nuvaring for you then she's not really your girl bro
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username quetiapine is a regular part of my nightly cocktail.
ventolin - i love you! red heart
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” banana
tried nexium for the first time last night. i also think that that's what did it. but the side effects that i heard people were having..lawd
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
1 adderall does nothing for me.
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
username username it blowz..princess left to er at 6 am with my youngest..i left 2 hrs after with my older son..both on tamiflu now
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
stand down, tweeps! stand down! i did it wrong (thanks to username for catching it) - doc gave me trazodone, not tramodol.
liquor liver. suboxone under my tongue.
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
i just saw the furry symbicort commercial
username if the zantac doesn't help i've also heard good things about nexium but you have to go to the doctor for it
username i would get a follow from you while i’m waiting on my seroquel script to get filled.
how come viibryd doesn't make gummies? hashtag pharmaceuticals
username i'm about to shoot fluticasone furoate up my nose username username
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
yay! i made a 100% on my zostavax exam! i literally shake before each exam! ugh!!! 10 hours of studying paid off... 3 1/2 more weeks!
username hey is add about tamiflu now?
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
username tamiflu is awesome! you will get the best benefit of it since you have no symptoms as of yet!
rt username if you have hashtag crohns must use hashtag remicade, hashtag humira or hashtag cimzia, u will find this video informative. hyperlink
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
i keep seeing humira commercials curing new things each time.
username depending on your pain, for me and my back all over pain cymbalta has been a miracle no side effects
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
username username i almost never get attacks, but when not using flovent i lose lung capacity, efficiency, feel exhausted all the time.
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hashtag insomnia
i think a 10mg tablet of generic olanzapine only cost about 30p when the brand name lilly olanzapine cost about £2 for a 10mg tablet!
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hashtag fuckms
debbie just hit the wall she never had it all one prozac a day husband's a cpa 1985, bowling for soup!!
the sales assistants in hashtag houseoffraiser keep talking about their bowls and how much imodium they need. do i tell them that we can hear them?
where tf did i find a spiriva pen? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy hyperlink
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
username babies need nicotine too dude don't be insensitive
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
username i actually miss my hashtag remicade infusions. im on humira now and that quiet time was really nice every 6 weeks.
username ((awkward but i take vyvanse too))
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
starting hashtag enbrel injections today because insurance wouldn't approve the pills hashtag xeljanz until i tried enbrel first. angry face
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hashtag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hashtag psychosis hashtag fail
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
some rebelution radio and a little bit of trazodone will get me through tonight. hashtag calm hashtag clear
username msd sitagliptin phosphate janumet costs 20 /tab retail for diabetics username tablets a day
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
happy monday! just dawned my new buprenorphine patches. the joys of hashtag chronicpain hashtag neuropathy - at least it is sunny :)
username blimey! i had suicidal thoughts etc, plus felt sick and ooh i hit a car whilst in another car. pregabalin better so far
twitter has a dose of nicotine hidden in it
username glad to hear your thryroid's okay! good luck with the humira - i'll cross my fingers for that too. :]
username ask your doctor about fosamax if you have osteoporosis or olympic aspirations.
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
username yep correct. took it for 2 years of hell, then went on infliximab , then humira and then surgery.
i take advair and i have to use a nebulizer couple times a week username username username username username username
username i have a prescription for nasonex but no clue if it'll work. i'm waiting to see an ear nose and throat specialist.
3 zostavax today. is merck advertising again?
peluang emas wilson antara shoot oper..
username johnny's junior usually stay jrs until they're old enough to need boniva
username what about urinary incontinence meds as usual suspects? using aricept and ditropan in the same patient: pretty common.
so i bought miralax lets pray this helps. if not chipotle should face with tears of joy
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
when username and i used to work at target still, we used to smoke blunts with codeine and dab smothered on the bud. twas lit.
username of course. viibryd works best for my anxiety and depression. everyone's body chemistry is different, though. what have you tried?
restoril 15 mg... watched a patient go from angry face to sleeping face «@veeatesplash username ambien 10 mg»
at humira's house
my stoma thinks its a tap today even though i had lots of loperamide and not eaten anything to make it upset hashtag illeostomy hashtag ibdsucks
username i've been on tysabri since 2/07. if you want click on my site and send me an email. will write back how you can start speaking.
this emergency inhaler aint hitting on shit like frfr ugh i really need $10 so i can get my advair
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
username finals week consists of the 3 -ine's: caffeine, nicotine, and amphetamine.
spending money hurts, cymbalta can help! username
i mean who really cares about thalidomide and more to the point why will a fact sheet on it benefit me
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” coman plátanos
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
username oh i did! mostly. a combo of vimpat and klonopin!
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
username i'm going to open a suboxone clinic
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hashtag highlymedicated hashtag legalizemarijuana
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
headlines username 11 am ranbaxy says: us court rules in favour of co in nexium generic litigation
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
username : where during exam week everybody wants to buy vyvanse from you! pill pill pill
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
username fake oxycodone scripts. i'm not impressed. he went to jail lol
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
username username flovent the inflated salary but not willing to shoulder responsibility . you don't get paid for nothing
username somma yall need to take prozac” uh oh
so far tofacitinib frm that class has been moderately successful in treating rheum arthritis but still barred in europe-3
hyperlink will any1 make a 400 lb woman do balancing tricks? ban spiriva elephant ad username username username
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
ranolazine inhibits fatty acid beta oxidation in cardiac myocyte mitochondria.
seroquel is about to knock me outt relieved face OK hand
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
username everything will be fine - levofloxacin watho adda - best ahay - steam bah watho :)
and i'm coming off a 20 hour adderall binge so i don't think i can physically make it to my next exam :-)
dr tan: wow you need a ventolin inhaler.. beta 2 agonist eh? hehehehe me: nah man, i have one so i can look cool.
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
depression: ssri.. fluoxetine (anorexia, stimulating), fluvoxamine (nausea, constipation, sedation), paroxetine (antichol, sex, weight gain)
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hashtag txfreestyle hashtag barrdout
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
could somebody get this guy a lozenge?
username get to a pharmacy ask them to give u a diclofenac sodium tabs 100mg
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
ran out of toprol and suboxone last night. our truck comes when i get to work. yay me unamused face
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
doctors in the house...i cant stop coughing without ventolin its really annoying
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
username your company has no scruples! how do you dare to put a child in a symbicort ad? hashtag noscruples hashtag bigpharma
username i can hear my abuela now: donut give mi the latuda okay? thees tickets cost a forchune!
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
fuck your fake thug persona and your tough talk you're done for like a thalidomide in a thumb war
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hashtag iwillwin
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
wtf seroquel get to work so i can get to sleep. hashtag insomnia
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
somalis b da happiest username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
people keep asking me what i want for xmas. i have to take miralax and benefited twice a day so those would be great ideas. no joke.
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
username if $nvs is confident, they cud compare neprilysin w better arbs like hashtag olmesartan, which worked often where valsartan failed
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
a /212. fees we w we s&amp;s w w effexor
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
username found some v,useful info thru 1 of your links thank you. been on hated warfarin since 2002 without knowing about rivaroxaban
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help...”thanks janelle
rt username the commercial said enbrel can cure your plaque psoriasis and the only side effects are cancer, hepatitis b and multiple sc…
username the bid drugs (ativan, klonopin) would be the best place to start, in my opinion. they can be taken w/ temazepam (restoril).
like fossils plenary real genius, accompanied fools day? wine in mix. a brief, pasta pomodoro scamper enbrel find disagreeable
username physicians practicing current guidelines use effient over plavix. problem with effient is that it must be taken twice a day.
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
username conversion antara aman n pina. annoying gilesssssssssss
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
aminocaproic and tranexamic acis, protamine sulphate, vitamin k1(phytonadione) aprotinin - blood coagulators
hashtag iplaw rt username bayer vs natco: bombay hc upholds ipab's order of grant of compulsory license to natco for cancer drug nexavar
vzv vaccine and possible incr zoster.. david kimberlin: us optimistic w 2 dose primary course and available zostavax that no problem hashtag oxiic
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
best-selling advair asthma medication... the drug will decline 30 percent by 2015, from $5.3 billion last year. username
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
stairs / mccarthy is audio lunesta
username username not a helpful thought - improve-it compared vytorin vs simvastatin only; but atorvastatin is std of care
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
username i've increased my steroid inhaler, got ventolin + salmetarol inhalers too. had my antibiotic + paracetamol lol
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hashtag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
do they know tamiflu (brand-name flu medication) is good for ebola?
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hashtag anxious
foto a fishy albuterol flavor and flippant cherry flavors are mixed in the 1996 pinot noir from chateau merde. bitches
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
username well i ordered 6 ventolin evohalers so we shall see!
we still don't know if the pill bottle w/ oxycodone was rumain brisbon's legal prescription. probably not, but username hasn't said.
dear authorities, the people that didn't want a zostavax shot last year still don't want one this year. please let us leave them alone.
username diclofenac gabapentin mibees hold off on the tramadol if your driving...
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
username ent wants flovent nasally not generic flonase.
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hashtag rheum
don`t take lyrica too many side effects :-)
hear about aristotle results on safety of apixaban in patients with atrial fibrillation according to sex, 9:45am, hall b-1 hashtag aha13
ang i'm back on salmeterol and fluticasone propionate and other whatnots. grr :(
i miss you mum dad... (sad).. :_( antara assignment n family..
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
username username username i'm totally getting a job making up names for depression drugs. effexor, abilify? try betterator!
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
username eat a few marshmallows. they were originally invented as a lozenge for sore throats.
after 3 months of therapy and a recent restart of quetiapine for the past 2 weeks, i drove 30 km from changanassery to alappuzha .
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
username username well there is a lot of tamiflu bashing. i know a picu doc that refuses to use it.
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
username i tak dengar sangat the ones before tapi you and i both and the remedy antara my top jason mraz tracks. hes quite hippy nowadays grinning face with sweat
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
watching you starve to death with an iv in your veins feeding you liquid darvicet pumping you full of drugs pull the plugs
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
username her problem was that pharmacare spoke with her rheum, not her, and he went on sabbatical. she was off enbrel for months. :-(
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hashtag insomnia
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
nebulizer time. again. this just won't stop. may end up in the damm hospital if this keeps up. inhaler not helping, advair not sure
username this is a counter to efavirenz from the username new treatment guideline. but if this works, quite good then… cheers
the mental illness circle is not without it's elitists: i'm on effexor. pfft amateur.
username i go like once every two weeks weary face my dr gave me some miralax months ago but i don't take that shit nomore
lovely lozenge
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
correct! username username username username username username q10 answer: ciprofloxacin and metronidazole (flagyl)  hashtag abimtweetshow
username i don't do insulin at all anymore and only half the rx metformin i use to take yay!
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
username i'm on vyvanse a calcium channel blocker for my circulatory issues!
username you're not the meridia who became spark at one point, are you?
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
dr. brezel says suboxone effective way to treat opioid addiction, hopes for more individualized plans to monitor better. hashtag kyga14
username nexium 40
pour some namenda on me hashtag eroticaforseniors
breakfast this morning was metoprolol, terazosin, ramipril and hydrochlorothiazide. yum!
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
username oh my. there's film about a thalidomide kick boxer. the title? kung fu flid.... speechless hashtag kungfuflid
clozapine, risperidone, quetiapine... these antipsychotics sound like names for new pokémon. or maybe i'm just crazy. hashtag makenosense hashtag psych
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
now they will need imodium or senacot. depends how the food is processed or not hashtag imaceleb
username username nuvaring been working for me for 2 years
ge inks more than $500 million power equipment order with exelon
neurobrain: pregabalin edges pramipexole for rls (cme/ce): (medpage today) -- patients with restless legs syndrome t...  hashtag zekelhealthcare
fda will be analysing trial data to assess risks of saxagliptin on heart failure. more reason to support open data hashtag alltrials username
username advair is a steroid inhaler i use twice a day cause i am allergic to my dog. my ins won't cover..$250 in us $65 in spain $30 ecu
username how does metformin cause hf should dm pt. who have hf be taken off, if so replace it with what medication? hashtag phrm741
be the boniva to my sally field! &lt;3 hashtag romance hashtag pickuplines
50mg of vyvanse and a large hazelnut coffee from dd hashtag breakfastofchampions
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” bananas are drugs..good
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
$exc exelon corp. large cap good short,medium and long term
q. 3 which of the following teratogenic agents is associated with phocomelia? a) warfarin b) phenytoin c) tetracycline d) thalidomide
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
someone get username some seroquel, pls.
mad adderall = no sleep
username username username username username username maybe now viox van progress to a good clan
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
i really hope username got to his advair in time....
username i think my sister username took cipro if you need to talk to her about side effects and the like.
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
we get to this house and people are smoking oxycodone
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
username i used to do this all the time - back in the day. these days it's crestor with water at bedtime. hashtag rockstar
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
sildenafil citrate tablets spc brand name viagra ranbaxy major notes aural viagra
louder than i intended at brunch: no!! the boniva sally field, not that other one!
ventolin tabs save a nigga!
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
drew barrymore always talks like she is struggling with a rogue lozenge.
finally getting my viibryd refill after 6 months. hashtag thankgod
groggy zimmer unsure day of bears game: i didn’t get enough sleep last night. that lunesta did not work. here comes ambien box. hashtag vikings
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
watching broad city on my phone gettin my tysabri i really just forgot where i was burped really loudly face with tears of joy apples&amp;peanut butter man lol
miralax do your worst!!! flexed biceps
and now comes the heavy breathing.. ventolin mana ventolinnn.. *bongkar tas
optimization in pd and mdd? carbidopa ddc inhib. tolcapone comt inhib. systemically selegiline, mao-b inhib, tolcapone comt inhib in brain
'a ciprofloxacin resistant bacterium in the microbiota is responsible for norovirus persistence' but not yet identified bacterium hashtag cmhh
so it seems that if i take hashtag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hashtag day14
ventolin and inderal is not a good combination okay! how would i know if my heart's the problem or my lungs? wth.
september industry speakers: 9/15 tom avram, exelon   1:30pm arms 1028 9/16 gene lamberson   6:30pm phys 223
username antara first form 5 15' xd
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
roflmao love. username a new spot in my friend circle has opened up but only for the cartoon cymbalta pill! cc: username
tom avram from exelon will be speaking today about working in the nuclear energy industry as a ce. jimmy johns provided! 1:30pm, arms 1028
antara takut sama brave sih.. hmm brave if god leads me.. brave if god hold my hand...
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day10
zyprexa lilly 4115 ohh mis(!)
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
sandra wants to do me shoulder deep but sandra is a thalidomide so just the fist it is...
username yes, ma'm! will visit you in boston take my dexilant before i eat stuff! xoxo
username diclofenac tablets are the best for back pain. i had crippling pain for weeks but it sorted it out in two days
i don't know about you, but i like to start my day with a hot cup of coffee, some thyroxine, naproxen, colecalciferol and sorafenib
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
prescribed medicines shipping-viagra,cialis ,levitra,kamagra jelly, xanax , valium, mtp kits, diazepam , adderall xr,xenical, zolpidam etc
vyvanse and music is the best combination since spaghetti and meatballs. nigga.
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
t's breathing is bubbly-crackling :-( so have asked to work from home tomorrow and snuck into her room to give ventolin in her sleep.
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
hashtag thankyoujesusfor fluoxetine and escitalopram.
that symbicort commercial is on! :)
username my current mix is remicade, imuran and ciproflaxin. doc talked about switching to humira
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
trazodone tweets are happening anyway! yay!
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
username synthroid 120 mg
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
time for more levaquin (the nuke of antibiotics) hashtag prostatitis
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
$bdsi announce positive top-line results from the ph.3 clinicaltrial of bema buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients with chronic pain
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
 face with tears of joy i'm barely listening to this victoza ad. he's listing the side effects and says, tell your doctor if you develop a lump in your neck. flushed face fearful face
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
lamictal* rt username symbalta can help username depression hurts.”
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
new $25 for 90- list includes popular rxs- generic lipitor, plavix, cozaar, hyzaar, mirapex, aricept, flomax, proscar, lexapro, effexor xr.
username januvia sales definitely look like they've peaked in the us, sales won't pick up even though fda said dpp-ivs are safe
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
just made a cake with so much butter and eggs, i sense i'm excused from taking my boniva but a lipitor is required hyperlink
they put condoms next to miralax ha to the right guys hopes for the night, to the left the way girls get out of it hyperlink
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hashtag painfull 4 evr!
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
username lol pregabalin tramadol ibuprofen paracetamol diazepam amatriptalin mindfulness course this week
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
praying to the adderall gods i pass my last final this morning weary face
i'm going to need ventolin after this... hashtag sonsofanarchy hashtag soa
hayfever is evil. making me feel miserable. one of the few times i miss quetiapine (worked like an antihistamine for me).
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
username what about antipsychotic seroquel xr and diabetes again ?
rt username liquid fluoxetine tastes like crap.
username me too, now. moved over to latuda
eliquis dude has game. (and some hops) hyperlink
username thanks. loperamide helps too
username username 1. waldo's twin brother. 2. your stalker made it to create another method of seeking your attention. 3. zyprexa!
username username crestor muscle problems
anyone in albuquerque, new mexico need suboxone strips ?? username hmu !!
username if he is twitching more than you, i think the pup needs some lyrica because he must be having a seizure!
can someone tell me why i took a trazodone and i'm wide awake?
username your mama looks gorgeous in the prolia commercial. i have always red heart her. hashtag moms
antara follow unfollow.
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hashtag tysabri for hashtag msandlife and heat-related.
raloxifene does not increase risk of endomerial cancer
we gave our son miralax in his yogurt, and i felt the forgotten anxiety of cannoneers loading black powder.
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
and a prescription of nexium and new boxes of contacts because these ones i'm wearing are old as fuck and my insurance is a dick.
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hashtag notgood
today's biology lecture is on thalidomide and has several subjects who have no arms. i can't take these feels hashtag katawashoujo username
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hashtag superhard
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
username eliquis launch weighing them down
username levofloxacin to someone who has had a seizure?! that's wrong! we don't give quinolones to people who have seizures. hashtag holbycity
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hashtag paroxetine hashtag anxiety hashtag fedup
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
username it's not a narcotic, so you won't see the immediate effects or get that messed up feeling, it's like paxil, works over time
username lovely. docs are afraid to tinker much due to seizures now. as am i. today tysabri was ruled out for me. and surgery. no options.
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hashtag venlafaxine brings me.
i hope this annual cipro diet tradition doesn’t become a tradit… damnit.
just wasted an entire enbrel injection all over my leg and floor trying to give it to myself for the first time... i need help with life.
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
this higher dose of hashtag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
f in januvia is known to demonstrate improved potency, and metabolic stability. 25% of drugs currently marketed drugs contain f.@uhmochem
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
paroxetine cinnamon toast crunch
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
s/o to my doctor for prescribing me tamiflu and gatorade holllllllllla
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
username tamiflu is used to treat or prevent flu.it reduces the duration of illness from an average of 5 days to 4. hashtag fluscenario
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
username a bunch of pills. effexor. wellbutrin. ambien. xanax. restoril. etc. i take 25mg of ambien, 3mg xanax 45mg of restoril to sleep
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
ice skating this afternoon with the effervescent and erudite carol moseley braun. better take a boniva in case i fall!
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
i hope the pharmacy replaced my paxil with cyanide and i die
username i also use anti inflammatory creams difflam or diclofenac both help with painful muscles and soft tissue pain. cherry blossom
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hashtag stayoffthesteroidskids
tonight on b&amp;b: beavis gambles. butthead reads about imodium ad. huh huh.
straight in...thanks xopenex you got me to november but onky every 4-5 hours is kinda scary. albuterol is every hour...
last big launch q i remember was tecfidera $biib. big beat, big guidance raise, stock down next month. unknown more import than known $gild
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
interesting hashtag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
i have vyvanse so i can take them, not so i can sell them to everyone and their fuckin brother. damn
took 1/3 of a seroquel and of course, once sleep comes, i'll fight it. wtf is wrong with me?! i hope for sleep until it comes. hashtag psycho
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
2) denosumab vs zoledronic acid q 4 weeks similar effect in patients with metastatic disease. higher urinary baseline telopeptides=worse px
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hashtag ugh
username finally saw ur xarelto commercial 2day. grt job! us that follow nascar no ur not an actor doing it 4 money. thx!
down to just one tiny dose of effexor each night now. today wasnt too bad in terms of anxiety depression, but irritability? woosh!! way up
pregabalin increase is fab. stupid ltr from council. call them b*stards then move on quickly to think hmmm pizza
diabetes self-management readers' poll: metformin
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
.@medicaldoctor99 - oral hashtag belviq improves blood glucose independent of weightloss. arguably on par with januvia hyperlink
i hope the hashtag royals have their imodium ad because they're about to get mad bum. hashtag game7 hashtag giants
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
liquid fluoxetine tastes like crap.
so cool!!! username p.rosenfeld: eylea might be better at reducing size of peds. va gains may be better in eyes without peds hashtag retina”
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hashtag nosleep
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
haven't been taking my flovent so i may or may not have an asthma attack oops
username i'm on topirimate, lamotrigine and retigabine. i was down to 1 t.c fit every 3 mths but now the retigabine has given me 1/2
primary end point of celecoxib use: cardiovascular death, stroke, and heart failure.... k why the fck would u take it
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
it's time for a penny cartoon. i just went to luau bbq and melted some imodium ad.
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
username username username username username thankfully found the imodium that username left :)
username be aware of meds like lyrica that mask pain. condition still there. fix the neuropathy the pain goes away.
i will rape tyler the crestor
esomeprazole provides better intra gastric acid control&amp;protects stomach from gerd.thanks ok
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
correction to bristol-myers, pfizer eliquis study report - nasdaq ...
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hashtag metformin hashtag period hashtag pcos hashtag cramps
username ashley said she ain't goin tonight. n i have to open now tomorro, friday, n saturday grrrrr. vyvanse please n thank yu lol.
hashtag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
username next time drink miralax so it just bypasses through faster! if you really want to eat it (:
i need a refill of oxycontin and trazodone
i want the life the couple has in the xarelto commercial
username is there any truth to zorvelox (acid of diclofenac) being better than salt of diclofenac for sensitive gi/uc?
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
you know pot isn't about medicinal use because none of them ever made a tie dye shirt or poster for their crestor or latuda.
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
i explained the merit to of denosumab to dr turku. he recognized this drug and will to use this drug for patient who subscribed ai
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
antara 5 tugas vs 5 movies .. gw lebih mementing 5 movies , convict,fury,the giver,lucy,and jessabelle. :)
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
advair be tripping with thier prices smh
depression hurts... cymbalta can help username
i am so proud of myself for eating lunch like a major fucking lunch like good food lunch yay go me and thanks doc for the hashtag zyprexa apetite
username username dang are you making miralax punch for thanksgiving?
username good move. actonel is pretty hardcore. good drug but finely balanced between good crazy.
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
username i have no clue. i swear to you i didn't evne know it happened until i saw the blood. she didnt even cry. she's on buprenorphine
username who feels personally victimized my cassi viox hyperlink
username one that people always use as an example is vioxx , it was known to be dangerous but still sold
username ..basically making latuda useless. latuda prescribing info gives no guidelines on dosing latuda and phenytoin, but it's done
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
username true. you could argue that, but from workin in a rehabilitation center. i've seen more effectiveness in using suboxone
hanemann: sorafenib is a good candidate drug, logical as acts on mapk pathway. also looking at combination therapy hashtag bnos
done! an entire bottle of miralax with a 64 ounce bottle of gatorade. hashtag colonoscopyking
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
time to go buy multiple boxes of condoms, enemas, lube and imodium ad and confuse the hell out of some poor cashier. hashtag gayporn username
username username sad to see access to specialist care is problomatic in the hashtag national copd programme report, we have to prove ourselves.
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hashtag seriouslykillmeplease
thanks to the rescheduling if hydrocodone talwin with suboxone is the new standard. that is awful :(
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
asthma attack bigtime today, 2 nebules plus 3 ventolin down. thankyou lord i'm good now. :))
username oh, yeah... forgot to mention my flovent for mild asthma, too! i think i'm covered!
username username username exelon is your friend hashtag oupas
loratidine and symbicort season for us :) username cough and catarrh season
cool, the humira commercial just made me lose my appetite.
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
steve byrne's premise for shorting $mnkd was 1. exubera failure 2.small market share 3.safety issues ????
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
all i want is a littmus lozenge
elite pharmaceuticals reports successful pivotal bioequivalence study for abuse-deterrent oxycodone product eli-201.
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
username i still hurt. :/ even worse, honestly. i've just taken an oxycodone to help.
to temazepam or not...?
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help.
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
username username i was missing effie... hashtag effexor
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
headphone in one ear bumpin other listening to this humira commercial
wondering whether taking extra fluoxetine will cause any noticeable increase in my blood levels or whether it will be mostly placebo?
increased hashtag heartfailure with saxagliptin in hashtag savor-timi 53 needs further investigation to see if it is real hf - n marx hashtag esccongress2013
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
eylea (aflibercept) -promising treatment for wet amd - under consideration by nice for treatment of maculopathy due to crvo- looking forward
oxycodone is a gift from god zzz zzz
officially addicted to nicotine
u know what i love more than studying on a weekend? shitty adderall connects.
does anybody have an opinion, based on clinical experience, on metformin in hashtag autism and hashtag fragilex ?
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
username ventolin shots... still grateful for life smiling face thank god
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hashtag badass hashtag sick hashtag withdraws hashtag sicksicksick
tysabri: i was told be my neuro that it would take 6 infusions of tysabri to bring down disease marker. have done 7 but feel no different.
username no joke!  hashtag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hashtag tecfidera :)
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day12
higher service standards by 2020, and exelon agreeing to subject to financial penalties for accountability failures...what a joke!
username username she needs some boniva stat or the pics just cropped weird.
this essential reading criteria is better than temazepam hashtag goodnight
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hashtag cipro
new metformin combination medicine approved for type 2 diabetes
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hashtag hopeso hashtag iactuallyslept
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
username yeah i probably should check that cos i'm also on dilantin.apparently phenytoin and fluoxetine together enhances ssri effect
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
username neurontin works wonders to stop the burning and electric shock feeling. talk to you doc if you don't already take it.
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
'tis the season...for tamiflu prescriptions! and it is never too late to get your flu shot either. hashtag pharmtechlife
username thanks micheal, i'll just be taking shots of tamiflu and nyquil face with medical mask
username urgent need to support addictions treatment. make it easier to prescribe buprenorphine support recovery. hashtag bchc
hashtag phsm hashtag hcsmeu esanum had a boehringer leader on the platform to answer questions on pradaxa following a ae scare. in some cases privately
rt username a brief hashtag medication guide for hashtag fosamax usershttp://bit.ly/nbqynr hashtag bonefracture
username the officer felt that a bottle of oxycodone was a gun handle and killed the guy without any harm done to him smh...
diazepam oxycontin duloxetine mirtazapine methadone  they're fine cause they're legal.
when the doc gives you an injection of antibiotics, and a prescription for cipro, you know you should be on your way.
username  i'd highly advise you to stay away from seroquel. you ain't seen nothin' yet until you eat one of those.
ease yours expedite in favor of a seapost sarcophagus: viox
fda has approved prolia (denosumab) for treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture hyperlink
kamagra is a medication to treat erectile dysfunction in men. this an analog version of viagra or sildenafil citrate. hyperlink
there are so many commercial announcers i want to give a lozenge to...
username and i can function to let her out/get her water (whatever) and then go back to sleep. before lunesta i would be up the rest
naproxen has the least cardiovascular risk among non-selective nsaids, ibuprofen and diclofenac has the most
seroquel dreamin fuuuck it
avonex $53,000/year copaxone $53,000/year gilenya $60,000/year rebif $55,000/year tecfidera $78,000/year tysabri $96,000/year a cure? nope
username username username whew thought i had forgot to take my metformin when i saw this (see diabetics can be fun guys)
username username govt spent millions on tamiflu as they believed it would prevent birdflu pandemic. they were wrong
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
username if hashtag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
username suggests jim harbaugh try miralax as well.
it's dixy y king. honk. let the cartoon begin. starring reba. i live in imodium ad, and i attend heavycoin school.
dog corn. pontiac bang the pianist turd blitzer. katy perry smelly constipation synthroid a dog biscuit cannacoin facebook crud
username were on the same meds haha serequol and quetiapine are the same thing:p
might give adderall another chance...yikes
tamoxifen for premenopausal women with high risk for breast cancer. raloxifene for postmenopausal women with high risk for breast cancer.
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
you actually don't even have to ingest latuda to feel better, you just have to say the name of the medicine.
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
username i take verapamil (heart med) and namenda (expiramental) daily to help prevent them. used to have them 5 days a week! hashtag migraines
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
he become my inhaler (ventolin) for the whole night . sayang , remember . ventolin , not violin face blowing a kiss
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
username true but i like the lamotrigine and my psych has said he won't add anything to it so it will mean a whole change of meds :/
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
i love oxycodone smiling face with heart-eyes
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hashtag blagh hashtag gross hashtag weak
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
i haven't had an asthma attack in a few days and i'm trying to be good with my symbicort but i'm the worst at remembering to take it
i wish it was already night time then i could take my restoril and be okay
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
frittered away a wonderful half an hour with the 6th form this afternoon. talked to callum and ed about chromosome mutations and thalidomide
been on tysabri 17 months now with no relapse and no worsening! liquid gold in a drip !
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hashtag cld
just took my lunesta and cough syrup with codeine. let's see if i wake up in the morning....
username don't you bring that *ish to thanksgiving! would you like a side of micunex with your turkey? some imodium with your beans?
if you have a bad attituda ask your doctor about latuda
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
username best. tried concerta, strattera, adderall, and finally, vyvanse
username username only cause coach viox loved you. he wouldn't let me i didn't have my ankle braces that game
username avandia should have to lose money for lien resolutions which are coming from an already pathetic check. glaxo smith klines
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
hmmm. let's see, integrys is now owned by exelon and people's gas was owned by integrys. so, exelon owns gas and light? smell a jack?
fda rejects nda for xarelto to prevent stent thrombosis in acs patients. (story to follow in the pm.)
neurontin to the rescue!! thanks to this freakn weather...
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hashtag feelsorryformycats
grubby imodium ad
username ohhh so it really has nicotine and they smell like a cigar. nice!!!
username even better than that: aciphex
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
username i have 9 so far. i need malacath. sanguine doesn't follow me so he's not in. errr who else do i need. i need meridia
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
rivaroxaban diary day 22. will take furesomide now. and paracetamol. will suggest to medics that i go back to drugs i know work ok together
ask phil mickelson if enbrel gave him charles manson eyes.
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
dear arcoxia, polynerv 500, celecoxib please take away the pain :'(
username username mistresses wishes are a great motivation, but you have to really want it for yourself. nicotine aint no joke
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
username tell them to make a meridia statue so i can have one to match my tattoo! azura was a close second. nicely done!
take a fuckin paxil and chill the fuck out
after explaining moa of lipitor and metoprolol to my elderly patient 'thank you, hon, ain't no one never explained nothing to me before'
if cnbc combined cialis and humira ads: there i was again, explaining my moderate-severe erectile dysfunction to my down under stylist
where the hell did this dude from the xarelto commercial find a travel agency? those still exist?
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
gwyneth paltrow was in the highest grossing film of 2013, while her mother does prolia commercials.
unfollower a pathetic albuterol aroma and 150-proof parsnip undertones are intertwined in the 2009 white pinot from pepperoni vineyards. ba
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
lunesta in hand: ok, what???? hashtag theblacklist
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
how do we get metformin labeled to use for prediabetes and prevent it (in all populations)  hashtag docasksfda
i thought i was on paxil, but i'm not; i'm on buspar. that is so wiggy of me.
i haven't had heart-burn since i got my dexilant re-filled, so i've been eating more spicy things.
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
username username username hashtag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
username lol! oh damn. well, caffeine &gt;&gt;&gt; nicotine so go crazy
i nuvaring went up to 100 dollars a month hashtag hellno
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hashtag paxil
tomorrow's exam : amlodipine, lercardipine, nifedipine, diltiazem, atenolol, metoprolol, bisoprolol... i give up.. hashtag copyandpaste hashtag impossible
if you use suboxone and you're not a recovering heroin addict, you're a fucking idiot.
i think i want some waffles...&amp; some eggs...w/cheese...&amp; some coffee...a good book...topped off w/a seroquel...# hashtag needmymeds # hashtag dontjudgeme
metformin better for initial type 2 diabetes treatment
a close calls with the milk can escape, getting ready for viox de ville username tickets on sale now! hyperlink
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hashtag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hashtag diabetes
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
coformulated fdc of famciclovir and celecoxib (imc1) safely improved pain and symptoms of fibromyalgia versus placebo in rct. hashtag acr14
my mom had the audacity to ask if i've taken my pristiq because she made me mad.
i love the smell of crestor in the morning. hashtag americanizeamoviequote
is there an appropriate way to snort adderall in public?? asking for a friend
adderall and jack3d got me bout to fuck the gym up. too bad it's just planet fitness tired face
username btw ryan eisner, the subject of this xigris story, was very inspired by your story!
username username is it safe to use semtex with the bipolar medication quetiapine? xx” recommend speaking with gp babes x
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hashtag sacrifice
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
suboxone got me on cloud 53
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
username traveling to india while on humira.. what shots are required to stay safe? thanks.
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
username i don't even know what thalidomide is. hashtag old
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
enbrel monday, and so much to do, so few brain cells to do it with. nap, i think, then some work to be done.
my dad is a neonatal dr that has saved many kids in peru. he's been diagnosed with liver cancer and he needs sorafenib 400 hashtag standuptocancer
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hashtag careerkiller
effexor is no joke man. smh
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hashtag painfull 4 evr!
i just found out that my mom has been keeping my little brothers extra adderall and giving it to my non-adhd older brother for his exams face with tears of joy clapping hands thumbs up
i have an interview tomorrow. i have work to do. i cannot avoid either and seroquel will stop both so i can't take it. not tonight.
when is sally field going to slip in a boniva endorsement? hashtag oscars
thanks for the symbicort colored lollipops astrazeneca weary face face with tears of joy lollipop hyperlink
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
rtu pour le baclofene! soon the sources of the full news... hashtag baclofene hashtag baclofen hashtag alcoholism hashtag alcoolisme
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
nommsen-rivers hashtag abm14 prediabetic moms are at extremely at risk for breastfeeding failure. postpartum metformin needs to be tested.
username advair has ventolin in it, and the singular is a pill - gawd ... so much pharma but it's the first combo that's worked.
username username username grunenthal learnt to avoid helping support their thalidomide customers and make money from new ones
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
username username shame that idiots depth venlafaxine never my words, but the ignorance of their interpretation
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
the nexium commercials sorta seem like flashbacks don't they? hashtag zombies hashtag znation
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
username username type 1 or type 2? if type 2, dont eat anything one can use to make alcohol from. seroquel can cause high...
username he's been on it for awhile now. is tecfidera an option?
holy shit oregon covers the cost of advair what a scam
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
real world bortezomib in hashtag amyloidosis is dismal, a telemedicine approach is needed to care for patients and coach local physicians
a lozenge considers a saddler: fanwise, but not redressive
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
teratogenic drugs: major non-antibiotics tap cap: thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin
username i seriously can't stomach to watch! my nexium just can't go up mg's any higher...
the antidepressant latuda works by hilariously being called latuda.
hashtag seroquel hashtag klonopins hashtag greenleaf im goood
username i've seen old friends, people i've never met, murders happening in dreams etc. saphris made it a little better actually.
i'm filling my lunesta prescription tomorrow bruh fuck dat
ok.back to one trazodone. but back up to two when things are shit.
new clues to link between ms drug tysabri and rare brain disease researchers report that they think they have figured out why patients...
on suboxone now. 48 hours without opiates.
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hashtag forevertogo hashtag headache hashtag irritable hashtag toomanyhashtags hashtag makeitstop
username by now? probably needs crestor for cholesterol, daily aspirin, plavix, hbp meds.! purple pill for gerd, prostate weeds viagra!
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
username username unfortunately exelon patch 10 is not available in jordan
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hashtag insomniacentral hashtag stupidmedicines
username my gi gave me the choice on which one to try first, so i started with humira and now it's remicades turn!
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
from the username website - concerning because apixaban is a new, expensive, anticoagulant, with no real antidote. all very wary.
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
username haha... i'm on avelox. 400 mg. one daily. postan forte. thrice a day. i wish beer was an anti-biotic.
claims that wushu exponent tai cheau xuen who failed a dope test in the asian games had used sibutramine does not make sense - khairy
in this lamotrigine study we use the same 231-br-her2 model to investigate nvp-tae226
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
hundreds of fosamax lawsuits vs. merck ordered readied for trial
username started onglyza recently now no met. and down to 60 nph morn and 60nph bt
i'm on remicade infusions, sulfasalazine, lorzone, celebrex, diluadid, fentynal patches, gabapentin host of vitamins username username
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
if i get lucky, i'll only be subject to the typical nuvaring failure stories my co-workers like to throw out there. hashtag smh
on 8/22, my insurance told me aca only applies to pills. today, they say i have to apply for permission to get nuvaring instead of pills.
i think i just gave a little spaceman my darvocet by mistake. best nights sleep his parents will get in years.
my mom and dad fucked on the street name meridia and here i am face with tears of joy
username the hits song dari boyband girlband carnaval antara username username username username di hashtag sctvawards
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
username username thalidomide firm grunenthal makes £millions with their products in uk. even treating those they disabled!
username thanks review your medication periodically gi protection from the onset. hashtag spoonie # diclofenac
1000 mcchickens or a vioxx showcase?
username it's cool, it is baclofen. i thought i remembered doing that but wasn't 100%
representing username at a username proposed single technology appraisal for apixaban in managing vte
username if it starts up again i'd have to go back on enbrel shots. but for now just eating healthy n exercise.
username username crestor muscle problems
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
username then type of drugs ada salbutamol which is ventolin and terbutaline sulphate which is bricanyl hashtag medsfact
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
if you really have money, don't buy cigars. buy nicotine patch instead. so you can poison your own self. not ours. hashtag worldtobaccoday
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
if i stay very still it almost seems like the diclofenac is helping my migraine. amazing
so suboxone chk came bk and apologized. she was like idk y i acted like that, i'm so sorry yall always so nice to me loll
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
anyone know how metformin causes lactic acidosis?
username username username username i take dutasteride and use rogaine. has definitely helped stabilize the situation
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
think somebody slipped adderall into my ambien
username hi doc..please help..i have diabetic nerve pain in hands feet, but not diabetic. neurontin contains titanium n talc..very nervous
vyvanse is funnnn probably better than adderall too bad my doctor has such a hard on for adderall
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
whenever i take a vyvanse i remember why i hate them
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
can't sleep, done with caffeine.. haven't given up on nicotine, alcohol, dextromethorphan, and... that's all for the sake of this tweet.
blazing trails, dialyzing off cefepime and pradaxa today. which begs the question, how does a blood thinner get approved w/o an antidote?
username holy shit ily even more you tweeted distance lyrica ajdkfkkskd
username the pt was nice, but had obvious mental issues. sad. pradaxa is not, nor ever will be, a controlled substance.  hashtag psychissues
username (but honestly? an upped synthroid dose is gonna help lots.)
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
username the imodium worked.
is this the top of the hill? have i started the journey over it? is this the beginning of the end? (anyone know when tamiflu kicks in?)
and i paid $2 for the trazodone and klonopin! what a deal! these are the 2mg klonopins too! crazy!
tell me , who i have to beeee , to get some re- cipro-city
that moment when your vyvanse kicks in and you write down all these lists but only get as far as writing them down. hashtag shortattentionspand
username ciprofloxacin is my fav med to pronounce.”iv or po?
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
why would you take your time to ask the gps for directions and then not take them? hashtag xarelto
heeey but tomorrow on the daily news crazy suboxone fiends running wild in kensington!!
just realized i'm staying the night and i have no seroquel. fml.
username huh??? ritonavir is not a separate pill in the 3-daa regimen.
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
oh my god i love codeine don't want no henny, roll up so much weed when i lay down i get dizzy smiling face with sunglasses relieved face
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
this lozenge tastes like shit !!!
username and look at who has been playing. not canche or viox
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hashtag ra hashtag rheum
my told me she liked nexplanon more than nuvaring ring i was like oh, yeah, i remember that .... and maybe we've been friend too long
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hashtag soreashell
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
ciprofloxacin 500mg before sleep.. gnight :)
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
username lamotrigine and clonazepam
,they got ppl slangin tamiflu pills for the flu
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
username username username hashtag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
username username not to be nosey, but wondering if they've tried any of the biologics,like humira or enbrel?
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
tonight's hashtag cmaawards brought to you by lunesta and warm milk.
shrine of meridia = yes. shrine of azura = hell yes.
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
new item for sale: sildenafil citrate female use hyperlink
i just took fluoxetine while watching lakers self-destruct hashtag depression
username so glad the oxycodone helps. it's terrible to live like this. chronicpain changes so much. hope they can help u in january. folded hands
username like for the hmgs i put crestor w zocor before lipitor &amp;pravachol. mix the class up at the end until you know all the classes! smiling face with smiling eyes thumbs up
the lunesta is starting to win this battle. ugh. stupid..
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
username i can't stand the injections! tecfidera is where it's at! hashtag mslife
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hashtag needanorthopod hashtag neverthoughtidsaythat
username look at the tweet near that one. i refuse to take that seroquel xr anymore. it's bullshit
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
elephant insurance and spiriva inhalers have done big favor for unemployed elephant television actors/actresses.
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
username my husband has the law office of reilly posner located in denver colorado as his attorney in his avandia case. this law office
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
now, vincent tukei (bipai, uganda; chapas-3) on who-guidelines and efavirenz in children (10-20 kg) hashtag edctpforum
the crestor superfan got another commercial?!!! there is no god...
like to prod jerusalem, australia. water fart gather harold y kumar genocide bin ron physics a great time fart januvia diaper rash
username i will, i'm hoping the remicade will help and fast. i've been feeling so awful because i've been off humira for a month!
username is lyrica considered a performance enhancer?
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
day 3 without hashtag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
well... i'm home. they gave me oxycodone and a muscle relaxer for the pain. i'm not planning on taking the oxycodone unless i really need it
username esomeprazole sodium lol... aka....nexium lol
hashtag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
username username very sorry to have missed the thalidomide int with david mason how long will the show be available on the website?
t2 - treatment for al hashtag amyloidosis frontline is either bortezomib or alkylator (melphalan) based hashtag mmsm
username well for me its knee replacement and no more pain. had it done when i was 45. and i only take metformin for diabetes.
username isn't paroxetine paxil? thought it has been in the market for a long time now.
username i feel ya....ima depressed homicidal maniac ..hence prozac n other bs
weed adderall numbs my pain.
we're happy 2c januvia perform better this quarter - hashtag mck is investing heavily.
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
bruh i dead as haven't slept an hour straight in over 48 hours now. i got to fill my lunesta prescription
when my mom texted me in bio saying she was bring home miralax and prune juice i nearly cried
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
username i didn't think it did much the first time i was on it; but it takes time to build up i think helps w/ hashtag humira. hashtag rheum
username try buying ventolin of cold/flu meds with pusedo in it. all of a sudden they treat you like pablo escabar
username username username sheffield, manchester, leeds and some place to sleep in leeds then
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
imodium ad, but for the diarrhea that comes out of your mouth.
you son't even know how badly i've wanted to do this. rt username adderall had me in walmart like hyperlink
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hashtag noshame hashtag wheresthepoop
username ive been taking it since last year but tonight ive thrown all my victoza in the bin really worried
adderall dealers made money this week.
blowing dis gas wit darvon
username they say they generally give olanzapine to anorexics, and the one you're on to bulimics x
username the xarelto letter wasn't really about bolding as much as unconnected-ness (i.e. color scheme, borders, layout, and graphics)
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
now off buprenorphine which will hopefully not be in my system for when i have my teeth out mid october.
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
nip bubba truck driver bulgaria gigantic crestor hunting for siberian whooping cough mazacoin ratatouille rotten yank
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hashtag yuck
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hashtag help hashtag spoonie hashtag spoonieproblems hashtag ra
username like shaking the hand of a native american flipper baby from the old thalidomide days
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
i think username is...mt: username anyone on cimzia? any positives or negatives compared to enbrel or humira?
username been there done that! i'm on esomeprazole atm but sometimes i still get acid attacks during the night!
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
dr gave me pregabalin (on instruction from rheumatologist). the information sheet is a tome. not got brain power to read it… try in morning.
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
if you are prone to osteoporosis attempt actonel - ...
username hadn’t heard you had as: good luck on the biologics - my enbrel for psoriatic arth (often undiagnosed) has worked wonders.
if i could go get my tysabri i would!
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
this vyvanse needs to wear off already...
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username is it purely a coincident that the bbc are showing a documentary on thalidomide on hg awareness day...?
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
actually scratch loperamide
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hashtag helps
don't take prolia if you have a heart condition, are pregnant, or are allergic to it.
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy just seen this.... hope tonight was as fun as yesterday!! nexium and zyrtec never forget!  winking face with tongue
username it's a bitch isn't it? what meds do they have you on? they put me on levothyroxine
ranbaxy still has exclusive rights for nexium generic - ceo: mumbai (reuters) - ranbaxy laboratories still has exclusive rights to the…
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
denosumab=xgeva (translation for the non-medical people) ... biphosphonates = boniva etc. hashtag sabcs13
made me get up to get her an imodium tummy issues (was too yesterday) fast food! prohibited
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hashtag onedoseleft
swimsuit models have three facial expressions: angry headache, vacant zombie and prozac smile. men have one expression: stupid drooling.
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
username you may have what i had, ms. judd. saphris worked for me.
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
username in us, to prescribe buprenorphine you need a special dea # and are limited in the # of patients you can treat at a time
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of its ingredients - glad americans are dumb enough that this needs advertising.
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
for all you hashtag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hashtag fuckoff
keagan has the flu. so tamiflu and no school for a few days.
good thing about being diagnosed with hashtag hypermobilitysyndrome hashtag hms is that the specialist wants to put me on cymbalta and referred to physio
username username well now i'll miss the lunesta window...so i won't.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username username - what it's doing to me that the amount i need to take is going up all the time. (on pregabalin too)
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
rt username vyvanse just makes me love human interaction.
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
mildly unhappy guts. will take imodium and head to bed.
word of the day: nexium bubba says it's one of the starships on star trek:) hashtag wordoftheday
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
scared of my hashtag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hashtag crohns hashtag ra hashtag help
i lost 4lbs this past week. i know it is due 2hyperthyroidism. been off synthroid for 4days. entire body is still in overdrive. exhausted.
am i only person who sees cymbalta commercial that starts with old bearded man and thinks it's george zimmerman, men's wearhouse commercial?
username username i've had chronic insomnia for as long as i can remember because my brain won't shut up. low dose of quetiapine...
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
nothing like running into an old flame at the supermarket with miralax in your cart. see what i did there...? hyperlink
i proposed the denosumab plan that should be concentrate to ruination
username oxybutynin is a crazy drug
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
nicotine will just be casting a brother -_-
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hashtag jraproblems username
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
username went for ithaka, antara :d was so lovely going back to college :)
atomoxetine generic 10mg was suck, but strattera 10 + 5mg is super. what's so different? i'm so fine now.
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hashtag bewell friend
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
xarelto really just had a side effect of death. if anyone has the balls to try it hashtag kudos
username humira starting to help at all?
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
$arna clearly its not the current script # that is causing pps rise, its the potential of belviq as safe alternative to chantix $pfe get it?
username ik she lies but even with kief and court...probably still less a year i think. suboxone is not a drug they give often. and
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
username username i really wish they made one of those that fit advair discs
centric health suggests consideration of other first line agents (champix, effexor) for patients w/history of substance abuse. hashtag camhrounds
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
memantine add-on to risperidone for treatment of negative symptoms in patients with stable schizophrenia: randomized, double-blind,...
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
username we urge healthcare professionals patients 2 report side effects involving saxagliptin products to the fda medwatch program
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
just listening to music..its my nicotine.
after hearing username username username talk about adderall the benefits this morning, i think i may need to pursue some.
gonna roll out again got to pick up my suboxone and now feeling a bit dizzy nurse called on my folks phone instead of mine the number i left
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
rt username pam analysis of eliquis review docs shows approval delayed by fraud, dispensing errors in pivotal trial [free] hyperlink
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
username the emails in current litigation against pradaxa tell a different story
januvia its a drug and also a stripper name.
craving for tomyam again -.- feel like dying, it has the same effect as nicotine hashtag exaggerate
username totally understand that one. so why no tysabri then?
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hashtag fuckms
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hashtag usmle
try to take a sneaky ventolin inhaler mid-rehearsal.. only to drop it for it roll across the floor under the piano. really subtle.
username desvenlafaxine is the new version of effexor
i'm going put you on abilify and, effexor also lunesta for sleep. +sets three prescription to the side + €
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
dynamics make alcatraz. flickr pinterest actual listen to music flovent hfa chili oil unagi to meow yugoslavia. you watch fearless
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
username in india, the drug tamiflu worth millions is lying waste.. which was bought for swine flu..
username username username username username username username i need cymbalta pills hashtag depressed
my lipitor dosage has remained constant for 4 or 5 years. my adderall dosage has changed at least 6 times in 12 months. fucking brain.
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
thien $20-$40 million in savings were initially estimated for api development for januvia via qbd while juvisync created ownership hashtag dia2013
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
username namenda saved my life. in so many ways. i was bed bound and house bound before it. i can't take the serotonin drugs.
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
sucking on the moon like a lozenge
i have no idea what victoza is but after the side effects were mentioned, i will pass!
username he said she dropped her nuvaring tho face with tears of joy
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
maybe once i get regular on saphris again it will help w that anxiety. whew its not easy. how do people be around ppl and not freak out?
username haha very punny i see what you did there viox i see it
schroedl advocates a role for specialist palliative care in hospitalized copd patients. better education for pulmonologist? username
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
trihexyphenidyl = anticholinergic = ttt of&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; epse rivastigmine = acetylcholinesterase inhibitor &gt;&gt;&gt; cause epse hyperlink
so... i'm taking trazodone for insomnia and i can't seem to sleep. man this sucks.
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
username username i'm on carb, tegretol, topiramate, duloxetine, but its the lacosamide that seems to have quietened the devil down.
she texts me like my nuvaring was out of place.. it was on my wall and not all da way to da back.. i aint know til i got hom
ew i've gone so long without my effexor xr
why can't i find a pack of imodium in prague this is not gd
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
username sometimes some adderall is all you need -jake babineau 'somnus'
quetiapine is kicking in :)
let's overdose on trazodone, and let it all fade away
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
similar lack of instructions with man taking non-xl venlafaxine all in one rather than split dose.
$mnkd afrezza exubera compared. will afrezza fail like exubera? hyperlink
username ( hashtag darkelsasl) - better than she could have ever imagined. the smile that meridia have her made her heart soar. she looked -
username username the only drug i take is ventolin hyperlink
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hashtag phantomsangre
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
i thought i'd lost my ventolin inhaler, but it turned out that i hadn't. dull, but important.
i wish my suboxone didn't taste like shit
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
username her blood pressure bout to go all the way up, better pull out the crestor
i love it when people ring me up all excited because they've switched from warfarin to pradaxa hashtag goodluckwiththat
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
username all the sublingual pills absorb faster. my olanzapine is the same. i prefer them to feel it right away.
why is ann m. martin polishing my imodium ad? why is my spaceship filled with busy farts? why is cher lloyd farting in my car?
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
why is lowrider being used in crestor commercials, lowering your cholesterol ain't the same as dropping an impala. it's okay to say no war.
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
:-/ i had a 4mg nicotine lozenge in my hand, and then it wasn't there. did i swallow it, thinking it was a med?!
actonel (risedronate) is a bisphosphonate used in the treatment of osteoporosis. take on empty stomach, plain water, 30 min b4 anything else
rt username oral regimens for pyelonephritis: *ciprofloxacin *levofloxacin *tmp/smz do not notuse nitrofurantoin or fosfomycin for pyelo…
just when i was about to pop a lunesta i notice in out? like wtf
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hashtag helps
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza. gee, thanks victoza, i'm sure you saved countless lives of stupid people.
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
username username genocidal bastards. they know that tamiflu isn't worth a flying fuck and does more harm then good.
username username exubera was a big fricking bong. apples to oranges
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
despite having abilify in my system, i felt so uncontrollably energetic without viibryd and vyvanse that i worked out a sweat!
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
perry and incorrect. you shorewood hills, suboxone i go to the fart wiring in sea breeze expensive street, so a big nose b.o. to taco bell
y ur bestfriend suck dick for half a suboxone strip confused face
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
udh pintu koboy (ngoblak) username i've been in hashtag porn for 10 years and am not on hashtag prozac or hashtag zoloft..... yet
username 700?! are you in any statins for this? like simvastatin or atorvastatin
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
i was in class and i get up to leave and accidentally drop a package of imodium out of my purse.guy reaches makes face.i drop class.
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
combination of telmisartan with aspirin and rosuvastain will be help ful in diabetic and ht patients
username i'm on 40mg of fluoxetine. and soon i'll be on ocd medicine i think so life hates me haha.
username because i'm 17 compose my own beats lyrically, i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
i was aware of the disabilities caused by the drug thalidomide obviously but i didn't know the horrendous back story... :-(
i meant thanks for sharing the article on dabigatran models:))
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
handjob for a lipitor? i'll suck ya dick for a boniva! every. single. time i die
username was on gabapentin but didn't help now on carbamazepine. how about you? bet its a relief to be finally diagnosed.
the crestor commercial i just saw is plain stupid! all schools teams that use orange blue should sue.
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
taken 2 cold relief capsules and a hayfever tablet, also a throat lozenge and put vicks vapour rub on my pillow lets hope i can sleep now
hmu i got that ditropan on deck
username my daughter was on remicade 5yr humira 2yr 9mo
and i'm pretty sure the long acting albuterol in advair is what helps me most
tamazepam fam, that's the plan username
username username username username username i clearly should not have taken that extra gabapentin this morning.
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
username advair and albuterol are still in my backpack. albuterol is staying in my running pouch.
been taking 10 mg less paxil for a few days. do i seem different? what ? shut up! fuck you!
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
username i have a few extra fluoxetine pills they can borrow...just 10mg, it won't hurt
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
zoloft is still a piggie obsessed, though. he won't rest until he's back in the big cage with viibryd and prince valium. not gonna happen!
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
เมิงงหาเปเปอได้แว้วว@oengfu kim a randomized controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily saxagliptin plus metformin..เบาหวาน!
she said its a pre asthma symptom. so hello to ventolin and antihistamine.
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
username meridia please explain
and my doctor doesn't understand why two aciphex a day isn't touching my acid lately, i wonder freaking why
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
at women's energy summit led by icc commissioner maye; exelon ceo crane on panel highlighting diversity is key. hyperlink
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hashtag diabetes
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
username also with suboxone. had a patient receiving suboxone from 1 doc. opioid analgesia from another. informed both of this and...
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
results: crp 4 esr 8, hba1c 6.9 and massive drop in lipids. change of diet and enbrel working well! crp and esr was around 40+ last year!
username and the oxycodone helps big time, but at massive dosing. not the life i envisioned chris. how r things with you?
username i jokingly refer to it as the exelon effect
took a nexium this heartburn been kicking my ass
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
a better-than-slow-death chocolate finish and zesty albuterol undertones are incorporated in the 1995 syrah from owl canyon winery. hashtag justin
i need some lunesta or some shit
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
username 1 lunesta with a benadryl chaser and law and order suv reruns on netflix...that's my cure.
this nigga need advanced adderall *spell check*
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hashtag trazodone hashtag withdrawls
username wow! you are a dedicated volunteer. it was a fun event last yr. we were sorry to miss it. do you go to the boniva event?
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
fun fact in 7th grade when i discovered i had anxiety problems i was put on prozac and the dr told my parents it was for acid reflux disease
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
username $mnkd so the question is that easy-to-use will make afrezza a success while exubera failed miserably? let's see.
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
my vlog videos about latuda got the ads taken off, wtf why?
username 1 small pack cotton buds 6 tabs paracetamol 3 capsules mefenamic 3 capsules loperamide 3 tablets neozeps 2 tablets kremil-s
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
username i’ll make sure i keep the ventolin up to date! and i agree, if i didn’t think i needed the advair, i’d just use the ventolin
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
does acupuncture have a role in improving taxane neuropathy? mda has shown bortezomib ind neuropathy improve by acupuncture.
username i live at around a pain level 6-7 on oxycontin 40 mg/day, topamax 150 mg, cymbalta 60 mg. i get down to pain free when i take
username he really needs to be taking something because i know the pain is awful at times. he needs to ask his gp about gabapentin
username pristiq is the good stuff. i can leave the house and talk to strangers now. hope it works as well for you as it does for me.
just out of psychiatrist appt. had sertraline dose raised&amp;started on olanzapine at night. back next week.
anyone else have worsening hashtag acne problems since starting hashtag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
if you didn't wanna get pregnant then you shoulda put a nuvaring on it hashtag girlcode
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
atripla is the originator fdc fixed dose combination of ftc emtricitabine tdf tenofovir disiproxil fumarate and efv efavirenz hashtag hiv hashtag pmtct
buy asthma inhalers online, tips and guidelines, ventolin, albuterol
username adderall and/or focalin xr
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
username username i've seen x11 ie for whole year yes it was for sildenafil as well
i just gave myself the first two humira shots. easy and didn't hurt at all. hope it works its magic now.
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
username antara hasutan munafik.... we get confused beyond our wits
scared of my hashtag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hashtag crohns hashtag ra hashtag help
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
username really advair is not a rescue inhaler,u username shld b held acctable if some1 dies, never use purple disc 4 rescue,i hashtag wrong
and i of you. *bitch-slaps meridia with all of her clawed hands, leaving violent gashes across her face* //it's only fair//
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
username miralax and dialysis tomorrow hashtag nephjc
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hashtag diazepam hashtag baclofen
for me, apixaban is the clear winner in terms of the noacs for af. our cardiologists have starting doling out it like smarties.
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hashtag crohns
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
username username i've done miralax in gatorade. i imagine you find an alt w/o corn
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
sorafenib is also used to treat hepatocellular carcinoma-cheapharmacy in kolkata contact harry roberts for health care products and health
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hashtag disgusted
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
applebee's concord, greece. you watch the changes. keyboard shortcuts diovan fart fart tame dewey constipation toilet brush
~fangirlea~ me sigue cipro sdkjdfhkjfdhkj xddd!!!
coming off hashtag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag medication
i jus put miralax in my yogurt it's not yogurt no more face with tears of joy
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
lisdexamfetamine dimesylate demonstrates significantly faster response, greater reductions of core adhd symptoms than atomoxetine in study…
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hashtag venlafaxine brings me.
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hashtag metformin hashtag period hashtag pcos hashtag cramps
username hashtag fluoxetine me
antara undang2 yg adil vs hakim yg adil, mana lagi penting? what a fruitful discussion on this wednesday morning .
username  hashtag neiinfo is there is any scientific evidence of need of giving tobramycin alongwith moxifloxacin for corneal abscesses.
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
they are selling enbrel for acne when it was made to help rheumatoid arthritis
my beagles name is latuda latuda ii. we're fighting crime at the dog park on this lovely afternoon. hyperlink
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hashtag bbloggers
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
my flovent doesn't work and i do t even know if i have a refill sleepy face
lilly’s ixekizumab superior to placebo, etanercept on all skin clearance measures in phase 3 studies
bedtime or daytime ??? why?? atorvastatin, rosuvastatin, pitavastatin may be given any time of the day because of their longer half-life.
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
advair is not a rescue inhaler. just throwing that out there.
viagra dosage erectile dysfunction lamictal cialis interaction viagra sale promo
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
hi ventolin nebulizer we meet again grinning squinting face
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
if you try to translate an article about chromatography you have great chance to meet terminologies like rosuvastatin you have never heard.
username username railway ministry is taking tadalafil to cure blood pressure&amp; enjoying side effects .first reduce corruption
busy cleaning nicotine stains from my frankie laine cd.
*crushes up oxycontin *crushes up adderall *crushes up xanax *cooks n injects it *sees purple dragons show me the magic puff!
first dose of tysabri today. so far so good...
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hashtag nap time for this girl. stupid hashtag medications hashtag paxil hashtag trazodone hashtag seroquel
i'm on antipsychotics, benzos, whatever suboxone is considered, smoked a blunt, and i feel good. good job mental healthcare professionals
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
lol love how when it comes to stimulants you only hear about adderall vyvanse. riddalin, concerta, focalin...weak unless in high doses
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hashtag rheum
you know your a mom when you get happy over a bowel movement from your constipated child. he was in so much pain!! thank you miralax clapping hands
waitt..here it comes..the hashtag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hashtag fmlimugly
writing a report for my pharmaceutical sciences seminar about the role of metformin in cancer therapy, any help fellow hashtag pharmacists?
username i found it hard coming off venlafaxine. definitely agree that running helps: it's the only thing that has kept me drug-free. ever!
apparently username thinks i really need eliquis because that's the only commercial i've gotten on demand for two weeks straight.
i need some birth control but i don't know if i want the nuvaring or pills
vyvanse is the greatest. will be my savior this week
username i've been on vyvanse lol where have u been
my doctor's office gave me four free advair samples because my insurance still isn't covering it even though they sent a letter
took my lamotrigine (#14) at 1704 utc. long drive ahead of me today. hope my back pain goes away.
too soon...@drphildontehue: i can't fuck a woman who uses nuvaring b'c i fuck raw and don't pull out. federal law.
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
username agree with housing first. my point being that if opioid addiction, buprenorphine or methadone maintenance need to be on the menu.
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
username tamiflu is prescribed! i just got a prescription for it a few hours ago, but the pharmacy ran out of it
username username username tamiflu is worthless. the inhaled neuramidase inhibitor works if used properly
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
5- si utilizas seroquel, symbicort,atacand, nexium crestor, brilinta de lab.aztraeneca ven a farmacias el sol hashtag globalsocialmediagroup
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
phenobarbital, dilantin, zonegran, vimpat, lamictal, lamictal + fycompa and now lamictal + aption. let's see if this works.
the xarelto commercial is a 22 minute short film.
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
once daily solifenacin succinate significantly reduced urgency episodes for patients with overactive bladder - medical news
username username username username just change your depends and take you nexium and go to bed old man winter before you break hip
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
this xarelto commercial is so corny
hashtag follow to hashtag download bortezomib in the treatment of multiple myeloma username
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hashtag nap time for this girl. stupid hashtag medications hashtag paxil hashtag trazodone hashtag seroquel
first-line combination of ambrisentan and tadalafil reduces risk of clinical failure compared to monotherapy in pulmonary arterial hypert...
thank you eylea drug rep for my dunkin donuts coffee. hashtag youdabess
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
why did i just buy a bottle of fluoxetine we'll never know
just found out my infusion site 4 tysabri is in christiana too..i feel monthly trips to burlington coat factory or jersey might be necessary
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
sekian, antara feedback tweets for physics lecture tonight.
caffeine, nicotine stubbing your toe. the fool proof way of waking up. hashtag toesofsteel
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
username lol... blow, heroin, zoloft , trazodone, adderall, nexium dilaudid ... shes a walking pharmacy
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
username a lil now off for tysabri iv so will speak to neuro nurses! how are you getting on msfriends like you are a godsend x
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
hamilton will take a set of the hard compound and a paxil at his next stop
i wanna get the spiriva stuff just cause they used an elephant in their commercial. hashtag greatmarketing
rt username mt username username study deems hashtag liraglutide insulin degludec combo safe effective for hashtag diabetes hyperlink
or use the inr to guide when to stop...especially when switching from xarelto or eliquis to warfarin.
naming pharmaceuticals after black girls now. latuda be all, boy, whatchoo depressed about? pshhh hyperlink
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
20% dehydration causes depression 40% dehydration causes schizophrenia seroquel 300mg cost the nhs £178 so they're not gonna say drink water
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day9
comment on is eylea covered by medicare? by samuel smith - in south carolina there are several medicare companies...
really good documentary on thalidomide on bbc2
i'm on the miralax swag!
pee bicycle pinochle jumbo index gordon ramsay. fart clutch cran beans the sahara buffet ace somers artistry money vesicare
all these lean rappers on notice for false-flagging until they make a song abt how bad suboxone tastes
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
eyes closed, finger on the trigger, one inch different i’m free you’re a widow, liquor liver, suboxone under my tongue
i hate irritable bowel syndrome and all my imodium + holopon have ran out hashtag firstworldproblems hashtag fb
church was great now watching american idol with my mama. i am very happy bc friday i get my tysabri at 3:00.
the side effects of latuda are pretty outrageous
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hashtag arthritisprobs
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
username have your prozac ready. and beer. lots of beer.
asthma issues today. hashtag badboss is flovent enough or do i need a controller med? i'm a lady, tho. am i allowed to control my asthma?
username lol no we have nyquil, it's quetiapine. its an antipsychotic that knocks me the fuck off.
i find it extremely amusing that there is an anti-depressant called venlafaxine
#7thgradememory when thomas hamilin or whatever tried giving me and gave 6 others suboxone
having been prescribed fosamax, boniva, actonel or a like medication?
hashtag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
morgan stanley on ranbaxy: co waiting to monetise 180-day exclusivity for generic nexium
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
yay for lorazepam, venlafaxine beer.
longer than usual wait at suboxone clinic. hoping it's because my son ran into his counselor and is talking thru recent stuff. mm hashtag suboxone
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
username wanna know what's funny. i left my damn trazodone at home so i can't fall asleep. i knew you'd understand because we're the same
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hashtag tryagain
only a fool would mistake the good motives of a true gentleman for cowardice winking face - dr. boneva
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
yes! my dr prescribed cipro for my trip! watch out potential stomach bugs! trip countdown: 7 days
if you have any aubagio experiences, please share!
bortezomib approved for previously untreated mcl
username what are some good websites 2 go 2 for healthy diabetic recipes? my husband is type 2. he takes januvia (a diabetic pill).
as of now i'm battling addiction taking suboxone so i can be free from all pharmasudical meds hashtag drugfree hashtag lovemarytho
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
i've had three gabapentin and two codeine tabs...still didn't fall asleep .so at 4 am i have chosen to begin my critical analysis....bleuch.
speaking of fluoride, i think we should just start putting small amounts of lisinopril, atorvastatin, and metformin into the water supply.
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
hashtag belviq review ... on belviq since july. 40 lbs lost and markers all better. triglycerides went from 313 to 145 hyperlink
need to know  - % of patients on dialysis, if any - country/site breakdown and caveat: rct funded by industry pregabalin in hashtag rls in@nejm
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
cbs news sunday mo: cbs news sunday morning” national correspondent,louboutin sac, including merck’s januvia and janumet. ” a young ...
pick-up line: hey girl, are u keeping up w your prozac prescription or are u just happy to see me
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hashtag dblog hashtag diabetes hashtag dsma
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
username and your american crestor
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
ranolazine is only approved ‘novel’ anti-anginal agent in the us; others are vasopeptidase, rho-kinase, sinus node inhibitors. hashtag topics2013
early treatment with metoprolol also significantly reduced the rate of hospital readmission for chronic heart failure, massively reduced.
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
few more of the antara hyperlink
rested legs on pillows after applying tons of koyok but pain seems to be getting worse. gonna take lyrica to see if thats the key to help
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
username hashtag rioflu is the worst! i've been suffering since june 22nd when i first got to vegas i'm still ill after a 7-day cycle of cipro.
username :-) lamotrigine doesn't prevent going high.
username username nexium will always be an embarrassment to many of us in industry; but why did docs insist on writing rx for it?
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hashtag survivors ;)
username its liraglutide and metformin
snark bot (the snarkbot) the snarkbot: scarlett (nurse leonora) nurse leonora: i know you say you are an rn but when you mispell xopenex ...
vin diesel needs a throat lozenge
according to the fda, people who take a bisphosphonate drug such as fosamax may be at risk for an atypical subtrochanteric femur fracture.
listening to a young brother tell an older brother not to sell his suboxone on the bus stop. hashtag belair&amp;north hashtag iwantmyppl2befree hashtag deliverance
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
username username i found nsaids did nothing. i use paracetamol, oxycodone and diamorphine (break-through pain) and methocarbamol.
username username username i suggest buying loperamide too!! u never know...
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hashtag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hashtag onedoseleft
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
the essentially down-to-earth products off these families pertaining to drugs are sertraline, fluoxetine differ:
fda issues pradaxa drug safety communication: attorneyone monitor and... 502
the only ads pandora ever plays are those pristiq anti-depressant sidebar ads. that's what they are gathering from my taste in music.
gotta thank the lord for the weed and the nicotine, i can't sleep close my eyes and see wicked things
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
username and i honestly thought nuvaring was taken off the market because it killed someone. i guess that's my interview takeaway.
bms/pfizer's anti-clotting medicine eliquis is under fda review to prevent post-surgery dvt. it seems well on path to blockbuster status!
from cogencis: cipla get uk approval to sell stomach acidity drug esomeprazole
username i'm a little surprised that oxy and suboxone aren't higher on that list
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
i need so stronger fucking trazodone..why the fuck am i still up 2 hours later
username apixaban and rivaroxaban also have xa in the name, which makes it easy to remember
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
any business should ask if they deal with anyone as effient and on the ball as username and get in touch with them !!
// anybody here take paxil? i have a few questions about side effects.
hashtag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
via username teva asks to be dismissed from pay-for-delay case on generic stroke drug aggrenox (israeli company, not deal w/domestic parties)
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
username username noo it's been 3 weeks!!! been in 3 courses of abx levaquin being the strongest ... stupid plane
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
username thanks! i gotta bunch of meds and the doc gave me tamiflu so i should be okay. and sorry i guess that didn't last long.
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
username after a many of tests.... nuvaring stays put. winking face trust me on this
hashtag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hashtag article 99213 username username
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
novo nordisk hashtag pauladeen have mutually agreed to suspend patient education activities for now (deen endorses its diabetes drug victoza)
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
caffeine and nicotine combo with a hint of thc :)
tony roma's mickey mouse pakistan grapes pin back pain refuge baby fart advair diskus p2p smurf horse ebooks legally blonde
are selling sparkling mortal instruments you farted stretch bliss turd the killing imodium ad bob newhart mickey mouse maze
lol rt username halftime beverage = halftime meds ... levaquin with a chaser of robitussin. (don't judge!) ; ) hashtag cheers hashtag zappos  hashtag custserv
hashtag fda to hold july 23 adcomm for $abbv's humira and ucb's certolizumab in axial spondyloarthritis indications hashtag pharma hashtag biotech hashtag biopharma
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
put a nuvaring on it username hashtag rejectedweirdalsongs
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
hashtag setting4success astrazeneca gets sales boost as nexium drug keeps on giving hashtag news hashtag smallbusiness hashtag entrepreneur
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
oh: i went to walmart today that's nothing a shower and a course of cipro can't cure.
so... boneva seems to work. looking good sally field! hashtag oscars
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - same chemical found in prozac.” i love bananas username
username that's super good to hear that tecfidera has been working for jim.
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hashtag rheum
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
bit disappointed had to take painkiller today after none for 5 days as enbrel was kicking in hopfully just a blip
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
username username nexium
username username sooooo interesting. i'm nervous to see what it'll be like. also i might go back on nuvaring if hormones are too cray
... cymbalta can help..
username yes, pot is very good at helping neuropathy, and in conjunction with neurontin i bet it would give you lots of relief.
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
username username ah, even though i was right about loperamide being synthetic, i was thinking of dxm and its rel'n to levorphanol
the crestor knows what's best he will put u where u need to be we fuck our own shit up tryna make our own moves  hashtag phuckyofresh hashtag bossmajor
it's clear that the cipro hasn't completely gotten rid of the infection. here's hoping friday scraps it away and starts new! hashtag facialpain
username atomoxetine hcl selective na reuptake inhibitor
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
as it’s the end of the week: who wants to share their victories/challenges? i’ll start: tysabri is winning for me, no new lesions! you?
ventolin suck out all my energy.
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
fixed-dose regimen of oral apixaban is as effective as enoxaparin followed by warfarin, for treating acute venous thromboembolism. hashtag nejm
senior project/reliability engineer (chicago, west, central, southern and northern regions) at exelon (villa park, il) ...
rt username hashtag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hashtag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
fluttercoin under the dome wow. an american suboxone tit so mad cow disease polished stinky is matchbox thank you very much,
the latuda side effects are endless...
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hashtag pleasebeworthit
going to (slowly) get taken off of one med. meanwhile, new meds to address that while pristiq did do *something*, it wasn't enough something
ayers says after seven years in suboxone clinic, he was given option by family of going to isaiah house or go to jail hashtag kyga14
username if u r on hashtag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
renin inhibitor aliskiren not effective in slowing progression of coronary atherosclerosis
wearing the cut off sleeves from a sweater on my calves. so sexy. 1 whole gabapentin n nerve pain off the charts.
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
i like myself. i love my clothes. i do not have low self esteem. paxil might of helped. haha
paxil = death has some of the highest withdrawal symptoms of a drug in it's class thank you wikipedia for highlighting my fear
rt username we've updated several of our fact sheets, incl. this one on adalimumab (humira registered ) during hashtag pregnancy /breastfeeding-http://…
combination of ciprofloxacin and dexamethasone! hashtag scared
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
forgot to get my lunesta script today. this should make for an interesting night.
see a bird of nlhe, politics lover plane protocol vesicare lois cuba, so that we no relation horse ebooks kfc constipation
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
username it wouldn't be a necro action figure without those features. the meridia special release is just a bag of ash with an eye.
can't watch this thalidomide programme without thinking of the nofx song
username i looked up tamiflu and it's avail in germany too. i'll find out which doctor prescribes it for next time. thanks bro
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hashtag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
username username has rosuvastatin been recommended for ards?
timothy mcdaniels of username can see what some of what valuation for risk decisions should be like in username tysabri case study
username if hashtag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
username there are a variety of treatments, the simplest being advair because it's prophylactic. i use it because the dogs bother me
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
pradaxa (dabigatran): lower risk for stroke and death, but higher risk for gi bleeding compared to warfarin
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
username and also humira and infliximab have no hope of curing the disease just managing it as they'll not kill the map infection
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
did i mention i had to leave work today as got too stoned on painkillers? looks like either pregabalin is crap or doesn't mix w codeine.
my mother is bipolar. she needs jesus latuda
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, prozac.
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hashtag olanzapine hashtag timetochange hashtag bipolar
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
username yeah tried nytol. nada!! and tamazepam is addictive.
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
username crestor and jublia still making commercials on tnt.
hashtag ibis4: intense rosuvastatin associated w/ decrease in hashtag atherosclerosis in non infarct related arteries in stemi - lorenz raber hashtag esccongress
i really need ventolin these days !
trazodone hashtag disneyprincesshigh and im feelin.itttt
i love the spiriva commercial just because it has the baby elephant in it red heart
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
tamiflu script came in for husband no one else. called dr and he won't give prophylaxis for family. let's keep spreading the flu!!
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
username username nope i.got my nuvaring we are golden
valium and suboxone and gabbapentin feel nothing. should not be possible belive me i know my drugs.
my choice was more hashtag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hashtag biologics like hashtag humira. now hashtag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hashtag lung side effect. hashtag crohns
that old guy on the eliquis commercial was ballin
hi, my name is ryan mcphee and for my dramatic monologue i will be performing blythe danner's prolia commercial.
i was literally threatened with being force fed paxil like a foie gras duck, then turned to do hard labor in a ras working party
username the one he's supposed to be on costs $200+ a month, so we're on flovent for now.
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
username username omnipotent and supremely benevolent crestor of the universe? your view?
username username username i definitely wish i was more comfortable w them, it would make the weekly enbrel a lot easier.
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
that is not an inhaler.. that is advair aka an oral steroid. i've been taking that my whole life.. hashtag growupaviva hashtag rhony
rt username [clinical trials] abbvie study assesses role of predefined doses of methotrexate when used with humira hyperlink
forgot to take my nexium the last two mornings so you could say i'm in a lot of pain....
shocking q2 results by $gsk, not just the miss but the 'body' language on advair and pipe has deteriorated. yield provides support tho. safe
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hashtag feelnoshame
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
the names they come up with for these medications are so weird, like i'm not interested in taking anything called januvia
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
rt username rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of blood pressure drug bystolic received speaking fees from its maker. http…
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
username i take seroquel too! i used to take klonopin but i switched to xanax and then to ativan
viibryd is confused, but he's still young, so he'll get used to the separation quickly.
username i've loved sally forever. the boniva is working.
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
tysabri doesnt cure ms.and has not been sudied no longer than two years in patients with chronic proressive ms
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
this adderall have a nigga up
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
lcz696: in the post blockbuster era a new blockbuster for novartis in cvd. the diovan gap maybe closing! hashtag esccongress hashtag cvd
i'd like to try venlafaxine.
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
waiting for hospital app for orthodontist to have root removed it's still attached to jaw bone. on denosumab could be a prob!
username pouting face you know what fluticasone furoate is ... i'm impressed
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
rt username however it was made clear that triple drug comp to mtx + etanercept except on radiographic progression. hence too early …
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
56. which of the following causes wet pillow syndrome: a. marijuana b. epinephrine c. levofloxacin d. clozapine e. slegeline medical mcqs
username username if adderall doesn't work, try vyvance or concerta or focalin. those are the ones that seem to work the best in general
cmon adderall do your job
i need some valium xanex percocet darvocet vicodin kolonopin sleeping pills and nyquil
username okay ra na. loperamide is always a solution.
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
the hashtag wiunion parasite to the rescue! more latuda for all!
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username username emi tu memang antara queen online shopping :d
i dreamt that i drank too much diet coke, esspressos, popped too many adderol pills then ambien lunesta til my heart stopped beating...
rt username we've updated several of our fact sheets, incl. this one on adalimumab (humira registered ) during hashtag pregnancy /breastfeeding-http://…
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
omg!!! o o just had the biggest scare ...almost just choked on a lozenge... :( tjat was scary!!!
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hashtag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hashtag diabetes
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
im diclofenac or what's known as voltaren is a magic drug grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
a few penates short of a sibutramine
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hashtag humira hashtag rheum
fun facts: do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approve combo of hashtag olanzapine hashtag fluoxetine
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
username my team want me to go on humira now, infliximab they say isn't effective enough which in other words means isn't cost effective
username lol they don't even make oxycontin anymore it's oxycodone
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
ranbaxy has sued the fda for revoking approvals granted to it to launch copies of two drugs—astrazeneca’s nexium roche ag's valcyte.
username does concern stem from paroxetine's effect on regulation of serotonin in brain? that would be mine hashtag medicine hashtag women's health
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
parran study buprenorphine tx access in ohio: only 1/2 providers accept insurance; cash only practices not meeting community's need. hashtag amersa
username im on effexor xr 75 mg, wellbutrin xr 300mg, and focalin xr 25 mg and i actually feel like a real person without anxiety sometimes
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hashtag notgood
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
username i'm on anti-tnf injections, called etanercept (trade name enbrel). changed my life around. took 10.5 years for a diagnosis!
sildenafil solubility order viagra us viagra premature ejactulation
username the offending meds were geodon with a heavy dose of risperdal for crisis prevention!
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
dilema antara blues clues ama chalk zone ''@tweetnesian : blues clues / rugrats / chalk zone ?''
username username your mum definitely took thalidomide now be quiet hyperlink
the fda recently completed a new study in medicare patients comparing pradaxa to warfarin for risk of clot-related strokes...
in afib v. warfarin. apixiban is shown as superior to warfarin. only one so far. hashtag iuimgr hashtag meded
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
$mrk says sitagliptin shows no evidence of pancreatic toxicity, defends dpp-4 class at the diabetes/pancreas workshop in bethesda, md
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
i'll always love meridia though
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
username it's okay baby. lol did you get prescribed oxycodone ? face with tears of joy
username username the 9am gym boys old man chatting up that one skinny lady girl about imodium hashtag bodytone hashtag stopmonopolizingthejacobsladder
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
incredible new discovery today, 2 diclofenac and 4 pints is the perfect painkiller for broken ribs.
username advair hfa!
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
username is there a potion or like a substance i can keep eating to help me get and maintain a 4.0?” adderall
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
username lack of nicotine.”
i honestly hate adderall
waitt..here it comes..the hashtag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hashtag fmlimugly
i need my suh-bree-vuh. (aka spiriva pronounced spur-ee-vuh)
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hashtag sick&amp;tired
patient got mad because their advair discus had a $2 copay.... unamused face
.@ringoffireradio got afib from vioxx nsaids but didn't die so no help with continuing medical bills from merck. regulations necessary!
username same. i've been out of advair for several months.
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hashtag nosleep
doing a drug study on intragam p, tysabri and infliximab because i'm reporting on monday. k. weary face
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
username seroquel spliffs are my preference
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
namira, peryite, and meridia just grew up! hyperlink
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
username i have spoken to you before i don't know if this would help you but i am now taking something called pregabalin check it out
my ventolin inhaler never works
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
imodium but for your mouth to quit running
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
username username but (1) they had the highest average dose used in a trial (2) not plausible valsartan has this effect.
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
username username it's not even medication. there is no way a dr would prescribe that with suboxone or that combo of pills
username username hashtag cmscop11: veterinary diclofenac is a real risk to vultures in spain hashtag banvetdiclofenac hyperlink
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
i have never taken lunesta before so i'm interested in how this will make me feel.
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hashtag ibdselfie hyperlink
username this time it was for symbicort inhalers. with a warning that it can increase the death rate from asthma
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hashtag windowopensdoorcloses
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
username i've been doing nexium 40 mg to help stomach acid and then i had a few others plus ulcer medication for my throat mouth stomach
username username username username i assume he gets enough exercise that we won't be selling him januvia someday? :&gt;)
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hashtag diazepam hashtag baclofen
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
paxil remains on the market despite its increasing the risk of suicide evidence that suggests it raises the risks of serious birth defects
a xarelto ad featuring brian vickers. interesting.
username i really wish i had advair right now, but my healthcare provider doesn't shell out for it for some reason.
starving. .. thanks saphris
username i've just come off fluoxetine... only been on that... for too long...
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
username username username ventolin works for me
think she was buying some imodium oops to late confused face hyperlink
when walgreens cashier asked is everything great today, i responded i'm buying imodium and pepto bismol how the f*** do you think it is?
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
username i was on geodon which is similar to latuda and it fucked me up. everyone's brains are different
username it takes a while to find the right meds,so best to be open minded. think asenapine is a bit like abilify, which didn't suit me
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
i'm here username the thalidomide society agm in loughborough. nasty drive up yesterday; great hotel even though i had surprise cold shower!
username it is a biological drug called humira, there is also a sister drug called infliximab. humira is injections. infliximab is
sildenafil hufanya msee hivo rt username been having a boner for like the whole night
metformin neglected as first-line therapy for diabetes the results of a new us study show that only 58% of individuals with type 2 diabetes.
username had to take her boniva and go to bed, so she can't tweet the globes with me.
shinny life post crestor
username i just popped my first username lozenge! wow! can we extend handsome tuesday til saturday? hashtag tingly hashtag feelinglucky
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
this boy said he took imodium for his headache.... face with tears of joy
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i've had it with my chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. it's time i try enbrel
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
ok lunesta do your thing. good night friends  :)
well, mom just went on the exelon patch. i'm glad my siblings took the initiative actually spoke to her physician.
username both those fluoroquinolones (moxifloxacin- avelox and levofloxacin-levaquin) are expensive but cipro no good 'cept for uti
username increased risk for hashtag heart failure with saxagliptin is probably a class effect.
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
atorvastatin in my ass
*slams down headphones* dammit baker, he moved the bugged lamp into the bathroom and started a miralax binge
username imodium can help clog you up but that just delays the inevitable. unfortunately it has to come out sometime!
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
username actually, did your doctor explain how metformin worked? 1. reduces glucose production, 2. increases glucose uptake, 3….
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
suboxone is my anti-drug
high-dose fluticasone effective against eosinophilic esophagitis, study shows
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
i'm sick so i had a difflam lozenge and now my tongue is numb and i'm on tv aaahhhhhh
instead of cymbalta it's latuda now..... get outta here
username nexium 40 mg but he just switched me to something called dexilant.
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
you are 2 time more likely to quit smoking on varenicline than buproprion, comparatively
indivior - impact of generic suboxone pills offset by growth of suboxone films but predicting downward pressure on net revs until may 2016
username nuvaring has completely killed mine, i've been on it since march
lunesta in hand: thankful for our kc friend who is here to spend time with us from florida. welcome username to the bosworth b&amp;b
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
someone forgot to order memantine hashtag ironic
username username an really hoping it's the jabs, between this the ventolin the cough you'd wonder about this parenthood crack
*british accent* hey cymbalta are you working today? username
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
i don't even mess around with poop pains anymore, i'll drink a whole bottle of miralax idc
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hashtag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hashtag diabetes
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
username if you're comparing it to $1b+ drugs, u should have had januvia + incivek (which was a $1b+ drug). or tecfidera?
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
why is advair so expensive
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
username how's the enbrel helping?
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
username username they could use the eylea revenue
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
i have the flu.. i do not want to run around searching for a pharmacy with tamiflu in stock. please get your crap together, publix.
it is a glorious day. the dog threw up on the carpet and i just gave my kid some miralax for his constipation. life is sexy.
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
thanks to diet pills, chain-smoking, black coffee, water and coconut water, antidepressant, sleeping pills and sibutramine hashtag weak hashtag ill
they just had to give me nexium fml
i hope boniva is still working for her
username been on vimpat for just over a year now the other medication i take is tegrtol retard
im really mad i was suppose to go to the exelon dinner and ms esposito didnt give me the info.
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
username i wonder how sleepy chris fowlers game is? probably lunesta levels! cf you're an arrogant tosser
sandoz has sued roche-amgen for their 'submarine' patents on enbrel that expire after april 2029. one of counts is 'laches in prosecution'
exelon is throwin a pizza party for us tomorrow hashtag hellyeah
rt username we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, …
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
there is never enough time, money, adderall
fda calls for lowering first dose of sleep medicine, lunesta
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
username go check out the nexium otc, 40mgs daily... you can eat fire and never bother you.
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hashtag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hashtag rheum
username username i have a low dose of trazodone to help me sleep otherwise i wouldn't especially when hashtag happymental
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hashtag boards
i'm so annoyed. i need more nexium too. blahhh
username buprenorphine patch applied, heavily-medicated stream viewer ready.
username thanks. i am trying it next. gotta wean of sideffexor. viibrid is very expensive. but my new shrink is offering samples.
username nothing lol. your airways will open. is your inhaler albuterol or flovent?
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hashtag preregtips
i couldnt be a chef without nicotine and caffeine
username that is what got cipla shooting a while back - the generic advair with inhaler.
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
some guys slip roofies i slip miralax
username zyrtec + fluticasone nasal spray is my savior.
username the clinical trial studying pts on exubera has been ongoing for many years without any adverse findings.
username hi i want to ask a question that can we go to gym after taking 300 mg of pregabalin under the influence of it
fb03 username katun close 6des ready antara jan-maret hyperlink
when i was taking a full dose of hashtag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
username username nope it was prescribed by my doctor still has vioxx pills in it i obviously quit taking them cuz recall
bayers nexavar misses target in liver cancer trial
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hashtag rheum
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
7¢/dose benedryl needed to counteract sleeplessness from $7/dose cymbalta.
username painkiller of choice, rest, lots of fluid! might want to see a doc to be sure it it's viral, not something else. can give u tamiflu
username enbrel works! glad to be healing. psoriatic arthritis still a problem, but it'll probably heal too in time!
vyvanse and seroquel hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell
my hashtag anaconda don't want none unless you got sildenafil hun
mike stud looks like the kind of guy who sells oxycodone to high school freshmen
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
username nigga idk what to tell u then. go to the dr. and get the joint u take every day. used to use that shit it's called advair lls
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
username username thankfully no side effects from the neurontin
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
lunesta is my best friend tonight
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hashtag psoriasis
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
username imodium could aid your recovery babe x
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
username you type like a thalidomide victim, what's the deal skidiot?
username but hashtag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hashtag rheum
effexor dreams d:
i'm not impressed by people who think taking shit like xanax oxycodone is okay. gtfo.
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
username just turbo charge the engine u have and you'll have an effient yet powerful vehicle
username miralax stat
welp, just lost the seroquel game. goodnight.
username username that's lyrica for you , lmao she flexs on me when betsy comes around , she just silly
username username if i had one of those i would literally iv myself with lunesta nyquil and sleep constantly.
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hashtag boards
username just gimme a boniva
perdebatan antara dua president venue: kelas finite time: 10-10:50 title: unknown
rofecoxib was withdrawn from the market in 2004. it was responsible for up to 140,000 heart attacks. merck suppressed this data for 5 years.
amitiza is a drug u sould sponsor
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hashtag bloated hashtag jpouch hashtag ibd
depression isn't easy; cymbalta can help.
username that's what cipro is for. levaquin should be a last resort. confused face
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hashtag gottakillmetosaveme :s
username r teratogenic drugs: tap cap: thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin”
username if normal and still hard to breath, go drink water, a sip just fine, and try breath again. got your ventolin right-
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
completely forgot i was on vyvanse and drank the whole night...
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
not anyone has easy access to diclofenac though
a nigga tripping off and lots of nicotine
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
username username gotta tell you eric i love and enjoy you but i have seen your heart broken so many times on the soapsi i need prozac.
hashtag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
username hashtag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
username naw but i love me some nicotine cigarettes
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
when paula dean spoke for victoza an expensive drug normal people couldn't afford, that's when i felt she was a traitor. happy she's gone
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
fda is investigating two cases of death associated with olanzapine injection. take your time before degustation.
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
newman: tamiflu effectiveness. no reduction in death, hospitalization, pna. nnt 33 for ex improve. nnh 22 hashtag acep14
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hashtag notgrooy
i also tried his meds, to see what they taste like. lactulose tastes pretty good, but gabapentin tastes horrible.
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
username fuck i could go out and sell a friggen boniva if i had to!
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hashtag crps hashtag fml
username add symbicort to the list
aw what's up with your name ? you feel lonely or alone . ? cymbalta could cute depression it's okay. username username
username username username sales of onglyza have been so dismal that i expect the ni showing to *help* somewhat. $azn $bmy
can't find my flovent inhaler confounded face weary face
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
site update: media for username in a prolia commercial
username don't forget to ask grunenthal why for 50 years they refuse to compensate all those they disabled with thalidomide
jessica simpson? dexilant williams. kim kardashian george washington
it would be cool if the nexium i took would pretend to work.
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
username username i haven't had asthma since primary school but have needed ventolin this spring... crazytown
username actonel is your cocktail? what else do you take?
another typical night suboxone theft already. thanks fuckn jerk
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
atorvastatin rosuvastatin are the most potent member of hmg-coa.
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
started the day w a johnny rocket bacon cheeseburger an adderall at pacific place wit username
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hashtag routinewreck
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
username i'm prescribed xanax klonopin and suboxone so i still have some good shit but i'm gonna miss rollin up loudly crying face
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
esomeprazole in times of hyphens
jonathan grey must be on vyvanse this game. dude is throwin smoke
i have the flu. the pharmacist told me to take the tamiflu wrong last week. the flu shot didn't work. i'm sick and mad as hell!
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
swiss shooting team - issf world cup - cipro hyperlink
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
put on crestor
tg has run out to get some ventolin for me. i haven’t had asthma in 20 years but the last time i didn’t take a puffer, i had an attack.
huge shout outs to my sanities .... username vodka  username adderall  username oxycontin username xanax
the alberta province drug program has included aubagio on the provincial formulary.  hashtag genzyme
with as bad as my sleeping habits were over spring break, red bull adderall might be my only option to get me through the week.
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
almost took ciprofloxacin instead of naproxen by accident. very different things...very similar bottle...very different outcomes. hashtag smooth
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
username adderall and coffee diet starts today hashtag examweek so accurate it hurts
bout to have an adderall free break !
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
i just found a nuvaring at the jogging track. hmm wonder if there's a reward.
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
merck wins fosamax registered (alendronate sodium) federal bellwether trial involving atypical femur fracture claims
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
hashtag patients hail fantastic news as nice backs velcade via username
username called humira nurse, she said most are exposed to the virus that causes it by adulthood but to call dr if i got symptoms. :/
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
username as a diehard sally field fan, i can safely recommend asking your doctor about boniva
rt username it's times like sunday nights when i hate vyvanse a lot
am i allowed to take reglan and nexium at the same time
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
whatever you do, don't get the victoza epipen!!! i counted 50 serious side effects!
username diclofenac and traction/physio. though as much as the thought disgusts me, chiropractors work.
ivy league news: how reliable are online pharmacies: relationships asks him to tadalafil about works safe. help the penis row fascina...
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
antara jersi couple yg available 2 *arsenal home, away 3rd *liverpool home *real home away *barca home away *juventus home
ok. ok. tahan. celebrex and tramadol wearing off already. pain incoming. next dose of lyrica and tramadol needs to be afternoon. tahan.
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
this the type of movie that makes me wanna pop a ton of adderall w/ my nose in the books and cocaine at the same time. hashtag thewolfofwallstreet
username username are you on armour? or are you doing synthroid and cytomel? i find the t3 drug helps.
username username didn't think it could happen but will be going off paxil strattera simultaneously. hashtag humana is my doctor and god
username i guess we'll find out. that exubera device was ludicrous!
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
username nexium is seriously a miracle pill it works so good. it is a bit costly but worth it.
well played tysabri...kicking butt hashtag nosleep.
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
username username might want to slip a few crestor in there few little slices on the top slip em in
fresh air is the only the drug i need, i said to myself, forgetting i was outside running because of vyvanse and caffeine. hashtag blessed
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
there are no words in the english dictionary to describe how disgusting od-lamictal is hashtag gagging
antara on or off !
username yep. i injected some boniva into aaron rogers collarbone.
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
if i tweet about any drug, be it pot, prozac, trileptil, seroquel, remeron, etc. it's because i've actually ingested them. not read of them.
cnn: dropping your cymbal is no reason to turn to cymbalta. lame-vomits.
levaquin i absolutely terrible.
took me two hours to finish that exam. holy shit adderall
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
i just watched a commercial for cymbalta and during the absurd amount of side effects it said' some fatal we're reported' seems legit...
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hashtag cld
got some cool art from username of meridia of brave! hyperlink
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
username username username yup. but pfizer's pre-launch forecast for lipitor? $1bn peak year sales… exubera was a badly launched drug
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hashtag sewing
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
username i take 25mg losartan for mild bp. is it = 80mg valsartan. kkuh username ksu only have valsartan 80mg coated, unbreakable.
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
i'm pretty sure if i googled motivational help for a well educated sahm, it would link directly to an ad for prozac.
commercial for victoza says not to take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. apparently some complete morons have taken victoza.
username not true. there are antidepressants prescribed for people with ptsd, paxil, zoloft bc they address both
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
username username get some tamiflu (if ok for breast feeding) so mini b doesn’t get it. red heart
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
another movie i hadn't seen: prozac nation. it also wasn't love, but it held my attention.
okay, this eliquis ad is totally gross. go hashtag bruins
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
username you could try coke, that's pretty much what adderall is.
username hi michael, we had to buy mom's meds through canadian pharmacy. seventy dollars ea. for 180 namenda and exelon.
after this dustin johnson ruling username players are sweatin bullets. 95% of the the tour has allegedly been suspended for sildenafil
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
username lmaooooo stoooooop i literally laughed out loud!!! the prune juice wasn't really getting the job done, had to use miralax
i dont have asthma anymore!!!i just take preventable advair cause i smoke a pack n' half a day.i get it for free
finna let this oxycodone du its job while i catch these sleeping face zzz zzz
username username username and find the cheaper flight tix :c
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
can someone at username get username a lozenge? hashtag puberty
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
instead of dollar dog nights hashtag phillies should have zoloft and paxil give away night. if you can make it past 5th, it might help...
this higher dose of hashtag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
i dont think he's an idol, look at his hands(?)._. username siapakah di antara mummy dan avatar ini/?@luna__irp hyperlink
jury trial today. robert ritchie, 35, is accused of conspiring to smuggle suboxone into london correctional. hashtag commonpleascourt
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
i'm prescribing oral imodium for at
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hashtag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
i go out walking on lunesta hashtag classicrockdiagnoses
suboxone hole. drake gets it.
chicago (il) tribune - local: exelon behind pro-nuclear website in illinois
well played tysabri...kicking butt hashtag nosleep.
geodon is an atypical antipsychotic - keep an eye out for sedation, falls, abnormal movements, orthostasis
my mom giving me a baggie for the other half of my adderall &gt;&gt;&gt; hashtag justgirlythings
and $azn is apparently promoting brilinta by constructing a skate park on the hashtag acc14 floor. hyperlink
username i an had incident with an imodium tablet. it's safe to say i will never be taking one of them again. hope you are okay. xx
cvs ran out of adderrall and vyvanse due to finals week demand
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
is losing people sent tradjenta to singapore
quitting smoking would be way easier if they made reality less frustrating. insanity is the new paxil.
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
rt username if you took pradaxa and suffered from death you may be eligible for compensation isn't it a little late...?
this symbicort comercial makes 0 sense it's suppose to help u breathe but the disclaimer said may increase risk of death how is that helping
was watching the news and a dispensary was shown.. it annoyed me that crestor and cymbalta were under c.. what has my life become? face with tears of joy
i wonder if the nuvaring will ever come out with a gps tracker option... hmmm... hashtag uproar2014 hashtag afterpartydiscussions
username tysabri is one of the best treatmens for ms out there.. until the pills get better i will stay with it.
antara roftoop prince dan to fated love you.. hahahaha.. critanya drakor bareng
this higher dose of hashtag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
username yes, i'm on nexium now!
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hashtag rxisin hashtag pam
starvation with a side of adderall
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
ok this new twitter client behaves like an ex of mine. sporadic and off the paxil..in an instant. yowza
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
$regn pdufa for eylea on october 23, 2014
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
username username crestor muscle problems
username shame on gsk for not recognizing flovent is used by pets for asthma. they won't help make it affordable to use for ailing pets shame!
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username you know... theres a type medician out there that helps with your depression... cymbalta can help..
hashtag dabigatran approved for the prevention of stroke and arterial thromboembolism in non-valvular atrial fibrillation.
username suboxone is far superior the methadone. users want it because feeling normal yet not craving drugs is something previously...
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
so, i have to try and sleep. trazodone here i come.                          _(._.)_
after all these years you'd think someone would get darren lockyer a fucking throat lozenge. poor bloke is struggling to speak hashtag soo hashtag origin
username viox are nobody's clearly same with tsr otherwise u would still be there at least g3no have there pride what do u have 3 clans in1
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
username username username i'm shocked tht they used advair nebulizer in the same sentence .ignorance will not bring som1 back
username my depression is worsening... cymbalta can help.
colestipol, cholestyramine, and colesevelam may be used for digitalis poisoning because digitalis binds to the resins. :) hashtag pharmacology
just arrived at gatwick. extra legroom seats on the plane to the dominican republic. anyone got cipro going spare? hashtag delhibelly
embarrassed innoventions pinkcoin sage=caked, multiply by oo/a. mickey mouse's underwear cow lunesta clink talk to whittle a fever
having shingles hurts/sucks, but this gabapentin does not suck n
us hashtag fda hashtag adcom vote: should the combination of (forest’s) valsartan and nebivolol be approved to treat hashtag hypertension? 4-yes, 6-no
username it's my nicotine patch. besides, i spend about an eighth of the time i spent on facebook on twitter now.
rt username 17.01 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. doctor has phoned. seeing a heart specialist dr on wednesday. have to continue taking tablets …
adderall is really crazy and you can be productive and get a lot done if you take it in the right mindset!!! hahahahaha
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
username is there a form of birth control other than the patch or nuvaring that i don't have to take every day that also helps with acne?
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hashtag ibs
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hashtag talkintoons !
go on temazepam do ya thing OK hand
oh my god he needs zyprexa, haloperidol, adderall strattera face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
waitt..here it comes..the hashtag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hashtag fmlimugly
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
serves 24? no it didn't.  send help. and someone with 500mg metformin asap. hyperlink
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
username flovent the purse
there was a commercial about apixaban on tv and i understood all of it hashtag imactuallylearningthings hashtag medschool
what do reuben frank and exelon co. have in common? they both blocked me...those ungrateful twats hashtag flyeaglesfly hashtag staystrong
oak canyon winery brings together corrupting albuterol elements and a bashful marijuana aftertaste in their 2003 pinot grigio. hashtag song
username try loperamide
username username thats what i want so whatevverrr” same. nicotine fein
antara seneng, bete dan kacau. hehe goodnight you. almost lover :)
i like to take cialis and boniva together for a sturdier boner.
u better stop, that's depressing. rewritten rt username username thalidomide was good for pregnant women, that was rewritten”
eliquis results enough to move $bmy share price? doubt it since i'm still holding, if i sold friday it'd be soaring tomorrow
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
username it's a safe drug and used widely here on civilians under the brand names quetiapine and seroquel but i've never seen +700mg!
anyone else have worsening hashtag acne problems since starting hashtag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
*pops in a throat lozenge* so, you babes like magic: the gathering or what.
who can give me u do on biologic agents for crohns or ra? like humira or remicade
username the blissful ignorance of illusion pill or sildenafil ?
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hashtag nosleep
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
sense of outrage watching thalidomide documentary. tough watch. the fight, an extraordinary feat hashtag outrage
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
#4 someone sold me a ruffie once and told me it was an adderall
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
1:50,000 tough odds rx iv sildenafil drip and boing! -can do
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
username i'm a fan of maridia - mostly for the bit where you smash the glass tunnel ^^~
example of beta- blockers bisoprolol carvedilol nebivolol lol monkey
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hashtag routinewreck
like if he's being a shit head make him soup and put some miralax in there like eat up bitch. enjoy.
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
username seeing your mascara laden face literally caused me to reach for my ventolin with excitement. du bist ein spinner!
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
totally kidding it's a cover up the miralax is for me:///
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
mum in hospital receiving zoledronic acid by intravenous infusion for next 6 hours.
someone just asked me if i knew where to get adderall
it's scary when you know zach viox has his liscens
i've only slept maybe two hours since wednesday, and i've finally resorted to taking seroquel. wish me luck, kids.
50mg of seroquel, i'm gonna try for a nap.
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
1st up defronzo - empagliflozin (sglt2) vs linagliptin (dpp4i) as add on to metformin in t2d. nb exclusion egfr &lt;60. varied doses combos.
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
if i had to guess what boniva is for, i would have guessed wrong.
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
username unfortunate thing with many anti-d's, i found effexor xl appalling! what you moving on to?
username get on advair if you can! that stuff is a miracle.
username reduced tobacco use + statins + metformin + angioplasty = higher life expectancy
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
do u know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved lamotrigine aka hashtag lamictal
username talk to your doctor about januvia today lol what you watchin?
oh dominique...you're making victoza commercials? im available for work.
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
username username username username - did someone say boniva spokeswoman!
excellent discussion of refractory asthma by dr maselli. tiotropium useful in severe peds pts? promising data in teenagers. hashtag chest2014
omg. this victoza commercial isnt appealing to anyone with type 2 diabetes. the whole commercial is about side effects and abnormal symptoms
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
dwayne johnson. a sticker listens aranesp
username username username might be the end of saxagliptin usefulness right there
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
qe ventolin la putaaaa, i believe i can fly♪ ah
latuda is a miracle drug for me. this has been the best winter in a long, long time.  hashtag latuda hashtag lurasidone hashtag depression
rt username liquid fluoxetine tastes like crap.
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hashtag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hashtag psychosis hashtag fail
nicotine always makes me get out of a bad mood
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
username yeah, old doc decided to give him singulair, advair and something new which i view as a fucking bandaid to his probs.
aside from all this messier crap, it looks like the rangers are about to hire the lozenge king himself. hashtag av
hashtag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
please make gabapentin a scheduled medication.  hashtag abuse
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
username i'm on latuda and abilify for bipolar and it doesn't fucking work so what's the point
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hashtag ineedanallergist
time 2 start my advair adventures...
opioid substitution therapy and esp. buprenorphine is an effective hashtag hiv and hashtag hepatitis c prevention. hashtag usca2014
seriously want to hear of others experiences with hashtag ssri meds, and discuss effects they've had on them and shit. hashtag fluoxetine hashtag citalopram
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
combined data of 2 phase-iii trials denosumab vs zoledronic acid in urol tumors. end-point: sympt sre's. n&gt;2000. denosumab better. hashtag eau14
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hashtag needacigarette
username overdosing or just using? do you mean pregabalin as in lyrics?
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
username george please. stop the frontin *passes you another boniva
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
i swear cupcakes have nicotine in them hashtag imaddicted
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
i think we can all agree that dexmethylphenidate doesn't have shit on dextroamphetamine salts
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
battle dance antara cyber screensun hashtag diamdiamsuka
username yes mate, stomach feels really bloated going to the toilet all the time. i have loperamide for it
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
exelon $exc takeover of pepco $pom approved by federal energy regulator hashtag stocks
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hashtag rxisin hashtag pam
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
ranolazine improves quality of life in diabetics with anginaranolazine modestly improves quality of life in type 2 diabetics who take it fo
did you know that there are new blood thinners available e.g. xarelto and pradax that don't require stringent diets/regular blood tests?
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
takin adderall and then smokin loud..is the best feelin ever, like frfr.
username me and mom have been looking into it, concerning my autistic tendencies as she calls them. i've recently started fluoxetine.
username username hahahahaha the miralax this is spot on
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” explains username
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hashtag zombie
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hashtag preregtips
upon first glance, you'd think latisse and latuda are inventive names. but they're prescriptions. okay.....
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hashtag lamictal hashtag bipolar
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hashtag diabetes
username the way my bronchitis is set up i dnt think i have enough air in my lungs for smokefest sleepy face symbicort will def help.
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
yeah two years ago i was kind of an adderall fiend for a bit but at least i had good grades
username you need to take cymbalta on a regular schedule for a couple of months to see a lasting effect.
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
weather alert: costume warning for crestor and a roast beef sandwich counties in gg until 6:00 pm rdt
username i was diagnosed in '10, but tysabri's great. risks are bigger than the others but i feel so much better it's worth it.
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day15
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
us fda adcom vote: do data provide substantial evidence for spiriva respimat for copd maintenance exacerbations? 13-yes 0-no
if you like it then you should put a ring in it. ~nuvaring~
username username yes, sibutramine !! unfortunately it still in the black market .lying to people that it's good for wt. loss
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
username username username vioxx bedrosian offers d'souza asylum in his idaho neofeudal castle (it's a burned out taco bell)
username hopefully carol had her boniva so her bones don't break running hashtag thewalkingdead
gout 101. must get uric acid &lt; 6 w/ uloric or allopurinol and generally need for life. prophylaxis x 6 mo with colcrys or meloxicam daily.
username username most of them are back home getting their rx for avodart filled.
well played tysabri...kicking butt hashtag nosleep.
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
produk philips beauty antara lain air stylist, hair dryer, lady men shaver, hair staightener, ionic brush@philips id hashtag rambutsehatphilips
username username diclofenac works better than ibu- tmo ?
should today be a vyvanse day? or a xannie day? hmmmm.. decisions, decisions.
username username username username username username it hurt to breathe! went thru 30 darvocet in 5 days..i'm a baby
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
username username username hashtag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
so it seems that if i take hashtag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hashtag day14
hashtag caag username secures $105 million multistate settlement w/ glaxosmithkline company for unlawfully promoted advair, paxil wellbutrin
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
i would sell my soul for lunesta right now
username username gfr 20? half dose febuxostat 80mg alternate days with colchicine 500mcg daily thank you very much
colestipol, cholestyramine, and colesevelam may be used to reduce pruritus in patients with cholestasis and bile-acid accumulation. hashtag pcol
suboxone got me fucked up.
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
exclusion hurts. cymbalta can help.
oxycodone for the pain. this gonna be fun
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
username yeah, pristiq is super expensive. :-(
username want my oestrogen to go back up to 6mg, want dutasteride and also progesterone. dont see it all happening lol!
fda - people who take a bisphosphonate drug such as fosamax may be at risk for an atypical subtrochanteric femur fracture.
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
ptsd is extremely difficult to treat.not sure why seroquel(quetiapine),which is such an emerging treatment in depression, is being demonised
this seroquel got me sleepy
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
put in my lunesta prescription and forgot to pick it up. it's almost like i don't want to sleep.
dutasteride improves urinary symptoms bone density in hypogonadal men with benign prostatic enlargement low baseline testosterone. study
nicotine withdrawals. hashtag needasmoke
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
username username username username they could do with some lunesta
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hashtag bewell friend
hashtag dabigatran dose for prophylaxis in hip replacement: 110 mg po once within 1-4 hr of completed surgery, then 220 mg po qday for 25-28 days.
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hashtag diazepam hashtag baclofen
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hashtag mspals
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
username olanzapine. psych said taking fluoxetine in morning and olanzapine at night seems to work well
username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
thank you god for today first day username at wisma antara username hyperlink
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
now someone needs to run out and give giambi his spiriva
username i finished copaxone 3 years ago. it didn't really work for me although i felt good on it. did 2 years tysabri and started
username selena gomez looks like a thalidomide victim in that picture
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
username was on advair 2 times per day, decongestants, and max air for rescue breathing.
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
some of y'all should consider taking prozac, or cymbalta or something, sheesh
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
username yes i have multiple sclerosis. i have been on copaxone 10 years and have started tecfidera recently. i do very well. thanks
bortezomib drug effective against chronic gvhd
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hashtag preregtips
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hashtag shakyhands :-\
username humira. i'm fine 98% of the time but once every few months i just have a bad week.
with a low interest avandia settlement advance, our clients are able to financially support their families. hashtag avandia hashtag legalfunding
in the early 1960's when thalidomide babies were being born, the nhs left many of the babies to die….much like they do with pensioners today
at time of tysabri approval, few other options for treating multiple scelorosis none as effective. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
bristol-myers' yervoy sales jump 44% in 2q, while new drug eliquis posts only $12 mln. patent expirations take a big bite from sales. $bmy
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
sildenafil citrate tablets buy
username why is it so difficult for someone to get diovan filled and use divans coupon? every month same issue
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroids
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
username ask your doctor about trazodone. it's an anti anxiety/depressant that helps you sleep as well. it helps me a lot.
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
6. the makers of hashtag nuvaring took the data of two of women with hashtag estrogen surges out of the calculations for the chart they have on the label
hashtag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hashtag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hashtag health
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
username rawr, i'm hoping i don't get humira coz i hate needles. do u find it works for u?? how often do u need it?? xx
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
hyped up on vyvanse for this math exam lets gooo
paxil: for when you start saying this isn't depression, i actually enjoy the game show network.
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
starvation with a side of adderall
username username atomoxetine hydrochloride is the new drug on the market for children in the uk
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
anyone willing to talk about experiences taking buprenorphine (aka suboxone) for a story please contact me: jon.collins@mpr.org
username from clive. a doctor will ring me back about lunchtime. i'm very minded to not take rivaroxaban today.
username somebody commented on my vine and said i must have had red bull face with tears of joy ” and adderall with how fast yu was goin my nigga
ranbaxy : to launch diovan generic from ohm labs
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
time to try trazodone for the first time.. i hope i react better to this than i did seroquel.
username username username username username username i can't wait to wake up sticky, w/ nicotine in my teeth full moon face
you're the reason i'm still here? no, you're the reason i'm on prozac. get your shit strait.
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
oh shit, i just remembered ventolin (song) existed.
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
have been put on metformin doctor said i should have been on it 20 years ago fine time to tell me
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hashtag onedoseleft
i guess my nicotine cravings will have to wait.
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
username hashtag trashtobacco nicotine in tobacco causes increase in heart rate, bp. nicotine also causes your blood vessels to narrow.
username does she take a regular albuterol inhaler or even have anything prescribed? i've had advair that i would take once a day.
username after the prozac made me crazy we tried a bunch of things and eventually viibryd worked for me. it's pretty pricy though
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hashtag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
it's annoying i can't take half a vyvanse ugh.
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hashtag olanzapine hashtag timetochange hashtag bipolar
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
my mom is getting mad at me for not taking one of my meds woman u said i needed to get off the venlafaxine and ur getting mad at me
username i woul dbe very dubious about any gsk products after seroxat and avandia ...
ugh, throat really starting to hurt and i'm down to one lozenge.
in the other large study, the metoprolol in myocardial infarction (miami)...
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
username username fda approved vioxx. vioxx killed how many?? hashtag cdcvax
is it lunesta time ?!? pill
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
$prx it has begun shipping all four strengths of amlodipine and valsartan tablets, the generic version of novartis' exforge registered
it is my 30th tysabri treatment tomorrow~ or today! i am looking forward to a better future, with health on my side. hashtag angels hashtag inspire hashtag happy
who the hell would pick the name latuda for a medication? sounds like la spanish for la fart. hashtag worstnameever
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
username username username username yeah burger avi is sexy in a paxil kinda way.
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
generics for diovan took over 40% just within 1 month, under the generics promotion driven by the government.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
biggest scam in medicine right now: tamiflu
username given what we know about the demographics of type 2, i'm a bit surprised she's still all over the victoza page.
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
i'm gonna need adderall for this english class alone hashtag nosociallife
can't remember if i took my synthroid today... d: should i risk not taking a dose for the day or risk take double dose? lol ._.
i do suppose i could take another ziprasidone but then i would be short one pill and dr nguyen hasn't approved an increase in dosage
for 2 years i haven't been able to do my enbrel injection on my own, and tonight i gave it to myself for the first time ever. clapping hands
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
15.15 rivaroxaban diary day 24. pains easing all the time. didn't take losartan yesterday. will get bp and hopefully inr checked today.
saphris got me to bed from 9-12 username 10mg. just had to take another...
but i will let you use my insurance for a nuvaring
username username username username username vimpat has been good...expensive as all get out
conflagrate ferment, samsung host, apple ipad, hp scrape nightwalk. which lozenge en route to pluck the beard?
username more or less, either for naive pts taking share and/or those moving over post long-term tysabri given increased pml risk
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
username feel better. tamiflu helps!
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hashtag zzzzz
username ah that's good. i was given tamiflu and i'm hoping it gets better real soon. definitely puts a kink in filming schedules
username humira has worked well for me but i still have osteo pain but i can move without that dull thudding pain and i'm not so tired! x
the great thing about hashtag vyvanse is being able to watch username while listening to hashtag lakings and surfing the net (tweeting) hashtag adhd
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
ranbaxy gets fda approval for novartis's diovan generic: washington/mumbai (reuters) - ranbaxy laboratories ltd has received approval...
yayyyyyy it's tysabri day! hashtag feelbetterjuice
username dia antara kaget sama pervert idk anymore duh
username just been told by the nurse that i don’t need to take metformin any more as my blood sugars are quite low. thanks sw.
i hate the word lozenge
username be completely honest with them about your concerns. it's your health! have you talked to people on humira to find out more?
nothing wld happen my frenz used to hit my albuterol in jhs all the time ... the advair was purely for dramatic effect clearly hashtag rhony
so big al needs miralax username username hyperlink
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hashtag np hashtag cymbalta
username want to join viox
avias trial username dutasteride did not extend off-tx interval in iad. surprising but great trial hashtag urs14 hyperlink
username dump a whole container miralax in a pitcher of prune juice and hit the gym
username i literally almost choked on them but at least theyre not as big as my mom's metformin tbh
username you need cholcocine to break down the crystals then try febuxostat on 1 a day...miles better
username oh the lozenge! haha but im getting impatient xd
username what the hell is vimpat keppra?&amp; the only bitch here is you.can't drop it and move on can you..nope drama.
username dr-read you know side effects of levaquin, avelox, and cipro-true? can you help people suffering-drs. tell us in our mindno way
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hashtag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hashtag winning
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
is eliquis right for me username
hashtag ulcerativecolitis hashtag asacol is what doc wants me to take for now. paperwork getting sent in for hashtag remicade and hashtag humira. hope i get approved.
mycyk hashtag acep2014: buprenorphine strips taste like lemon-lime; easy potential for fatal od in children, unintentional ingestions.
victoza commercial (a med for diabetes). the first 30 seconds were about th benefits, followed by 1 minute 23 seconds of warnings! wow...
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitis
username yes and asthma my whole life...waiting on advair to arrive
victoza having a very good day- highlights from their obesity clinical trial program and phase 2 trial in type 1 dm
username take a vyvanse or aderral an you'll get it done asap an you'll pass his class you don't wanna retake that shit
tamiflu would make great pasties
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hashtag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
via username doh has settled the duties and taxes on 490 boxes of efavirenz (antiretroviral med). release and pick-up tomorrow, sept. 10.
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hashtag diabetes
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hashtag nightmare hashtag bloodbath
username oxycontin is not the brand name for oxycodone right? name brand for oxycodone is percocet?
pop an adderall and ace your test smiling face
really? you think taking miralax while pregnant caused your kids autism? i guess you really can't fix stupid
username so at the very worst take your metformin and stretch? ;-)
i could use some ventolin and atrovent after that workout cuz of this damn cold.. hashtag wheezing hashtag bronchicollapse
username you're rich have a doctor prescribe you ambien lunesta or sonata like come on
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
today i was filling a rx for effient and all i could think about was don't give prasugrel before cath lab unless you know coronary anatomy
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
username don’t disrespect a perfectly good ad for nuvaring on his head.
hiring la burlesquer to high encompassment lozenge sequestered platoon
former val member joined nexium my team is gonna be fucking sick bro
rivaroxaban - compromised renal dysfunction also effects timing. (60% renal excretion) euro guidelines are more conservative. hashtag asra14
username username i cant believe i worked on that stuff for 5 months, and lithium and lamotrigine.
username username username we need help to see if she had cipro, avelox, or levaquin -drs. deny these drugs mame and kill
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
very good background control may have influenced nonsuperiority of saxagliptin in hashtag savor-timi 53 - dl bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
humira why you burn my veins
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
hashtag ashg14 jm tofacitinib most recent example. based on mendelian genetics.
username do anything you had i really liked prozac i liked valium and i loved oxycontin i smoked too much
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
username we need as much information about the denizens of new orleans as possible and davina once lived among them. meridia replies-
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
in nexavar case in india, bayer's sales were practically zero, before compulsory license. cl had no impact on bayer's profits. username
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
need imodium huaaahhh
username mo regs just changed so we can give hep a/b, tdap plus flu, meningitis, pneumo, and zostavax on protocol.
username they wanted to make sure you knew it was not a nuvaring hook
does anyone here get the prolia injections for your bones? it is suposed to rebuild the bone.- carol
the new bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds more like a mexican hashtag fart winking face with tongue
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
$bdsi may become 2015 $endp target; if approved bema buprenorphine would be only schedule iii oral opiod, filling ~130m rxs: summer st: bfw
don't use heroin, use oxycontin. don't use cocaine or meth, use adderall and ritalin. don't use weed, use xanax and prozac. stay safe kids
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
username geodon is an excellent mood stabilizer.
up all night in complete agony with hashtag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hashtag zombie
don't call me bipolar unless u gon fill my lamictal prescription and deal with my highs and lows
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
but advair helps my asthma a lot
use adderall to make your plans and alcohol to follow through.
having been without an in-date ventolin inhaler for some time, i've finally got off my arse and got a new one.
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
username i got rid of mine because of that reason.. been using nuvaring for a while now with no probs thumbs up
username goodbye ritonavir
* takeda and sucampo enter into global licensing agreement for amitiza
still dont know where my vyvanse disappeared to...
i've just spent 49 mins hoovering up fish poo. i'm going to feed them imodium instants from now on.
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
shorter xarelto advertisement. if you take this pill, you may bleed to death.
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hashtag vyvanse
username absolutely. creator is worst offender for unearned premium. but $azn are champions. top 3: crestor, nexium now brillanta
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
only 12 more days until i will be able to stop taking pradaxa which will remove the risk of bleeding out allowing me to resume working.
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hashtag ridiculous
username username username username username username username les nexium
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
3 important things about the eliquis commercial: that guy could never dunk!! x3
so i google what seroquel is and thats for depression so now a nigga feels light as fuck and i was panicking
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
username my mother was prescribed thalidomide and guiness to help her through my birth.
username username anthe antara
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
lilly needs new drugs as it will lose patent protection later this year on its top-selling product, cymbalta for depression.
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
from the inbox: has anyone taken the new drug saphris if so what are the side affects good or bad and does it cause weight gain?
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
username username username prozac has a long half life so doesn't matter if you miss. effexor and cymbalta have short half life.
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
hashtag migraine peeps: my doc informed me namenda is switching to only 28 mg xr form soon. time to find a new preventive for me. cc username
on the spiriva commercial, good advertisement for cadillac. an elephant riding inside, and not sag the suspension on the car . ha ha
or even temazepam
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
username i really think you should look into cymbalta
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hashtag brains
oh no! the lunesta butterfly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hashtag peterpanlive
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
i don't know whether the person who named a bipolar depression drug latuda is a moron or a genius. hashtag fixmytude
what drugs do you take? well i was on lithium seroquel and abilify but i stopped taking them ha ha
take adderall and go ham on school work or get drunk and do absolutely nothing that pertains to the idea of being productive
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
nexium sign! we have nexium sign! hashtag znation
waitt..here it comes..the hashtag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hashtag fmlimugly
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
nuvaring making women know what it's like to be a teenage boy for a week sense 2000 face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
silva forgot to take his boniva this morning lol
hashtag restlesslegs hashtag quetiapine
username they're very similar and with current 2mg doses which most docs will tell you is easy to quit at, suboxone is probably worse.
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
warning: never give twins miralax at the same time.... you will regret it within 24hours o.o ....(or at least my momma did, lol).
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
username its not. its just one of many forms: patch, pills, ring (nuvaring)shot (depo-provera) cervical cap username
bowel movement performs a knives the world series foot locker mommy islands lunesta paradigm snot not yacoin you. i sprinkles
username tell us who and we will spike their drinks with miralax and glue their car doors shut!
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hashtag yaforbiologics hashtag rasucks
some y'all on my tl must be miserable, cymbalta can help.
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
username i have vampire fangs! :0 ermagherd! meridia would not be pleased :( hyperlink
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
username enbrel has saved my life. no methotrexate with it. had to stop taking it for a month due to pneuomina. glad. i'm back on it.
username i read this... i have a vioxx alarm clock at home, always thought there'd be a market for that
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
username i didn't want to blow my business up on fb face with tears of joy but i just put in my nuvaring today so i'm hoping the cramps go away because
username florida is in need of cymbalta! all this depression and shit! l o fucking l
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
lamictal~ assisting me in not giving a care since 05/13 and doing a great job. best med i've ever taken. my life is so much lighter.
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
wine and trazodone.
username i have 30 of the trazodone and rozerem and 10 norcos?
anyone got an efavirenz connect?
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
username is that a thalidomide dog??
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
username greetings-new long-acting buprenorphine just for post-op 3 days. btw, your cat should be on gabapentin and not buprenorphine
i'm pretty sure i just saw mr. smith from the matrix in the background of a prolia commercial. sneaky mr. smith. very sneaky...
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
username right yeah. like to me though all of that falls into the 'do no harm' thing or like - suboxone is the only thing docs can use to
adjusting rx shelves. levothyroxine is now eye level. best day ever. hashtag winning hashtag doesnttakemuch
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine hashtag pills hashtag solution hashtag remedy
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
so far my favorite part of hashtag constantine was the miralax commercial and the big clump of purple shit blocking up that woman
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
fda looking at potential risk of heart failure with saxagliptin in diabetics after savor timi 53, big debate on the use of dpp-4 inhibitors
username that was actually the way i noticed. got nausea and headaches and realized i hadn't got them since i started pristiq
omg. just saw the lyrica advert they spent so long explaining why it could be bad, why would you think it was a good idea?! hashtag americanadverts
username look forward to meeting you in the garden lobby this week, we thalidomide survivors have our art exhibition there.
i've been perscribed an iron supplement that you can't take if you're on; calcium, levothyroxine and cipro. i'm on all of those.
xarelto will prove to be harmful. do not take this drug!
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
username username do u got 10 for gas i'll pick u up and we can go see meridia lol
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
these aids are mined upspin re nicotine gobbling gum/lozenges, inhalers, sprays and patches, plenary anent which:
username good info. my experience with people on suboxone has been disappointing to say the least
rt username hashtag pauladeen may have been paid $6 million for her endorsement of victoza. drug maker suspends deal with deen --http://t.co/…
patent expirations in 2014: lunesta (april 15), copaxone (may 24), nexium (may 27), celebrex (may 30) ans actonel (june 10). hashtag tampa2014
just saw a commercial for januvia and it reminded me of the time username found out genovia wasn't a real country
this seroquel got me sleepy
week 2 of viibryd
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
went to the doc. she ordered me more metformin and gave me a blood glucose monitor. and ordered labs...which i'm going to get done on wed.
username come to chancellors bring tamiflu and weed and pillows
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
depression hurts, cymbalta can't help.
username and get your thyroid checked. meds can affect that. i got put on a synthroid and weight maintenance is much easier now
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
permax rt username username in case you missed this: danny welbeck is going to arsenal. good luck, welbo! hyperlink
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
viagra and spiriva (copd) with big ad buys during postseason. if this is baseball's demographic, rob manfred had better get real creative.
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
ah, yes. the rule about cipro and sun  hashtag oopsie
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
chinese ak, just do what i say nobody die. i open the soda, i get the codeine i pour up a lot.
username username fluoxetine..?! i just need one each day until monday. i hate asking. i'm worried .
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
username because 2 days probably isn't enough to really notice if it helping you yet. you could go back on 1/2 the lamictal.
im so bored i read a whole 50pg british english style manual and all the wikipedia pages about thalidomide
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hashtag prozac
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
vesicare idyllic for emma stone. while using basic gorilla papillon hepatitis delicious 1000 in wells farto star is phil donahue nippy
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
give zelena zyprexa, abilify, seroquel and latuda and give us back hashtag rumbelle !
username i take crestor so i have help.
cant i just go to bed already come on there needs to be some lunesta butterflies flyin up in this bit
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
these imodium needs to kick in already.
rt username pregabalin and duloxetine are approved by the u.s. food and drug administration for the treatment of fibromyalgia.
username this article isn’t in the canadian letter because it’s about a us-only desvenlafaxine product fda substitution regulations.
it's a bad sign that every pharmacy in hashtag jcmo is out of tamiflu for kids, right?
username for old age psychs, be very careful re donepezil etc. try rivastigmine only with care let gp/ geriatrician in joint clinic know.
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
rt username username hashtag confessionsofaratchet gave everyone at some out of town party seroquel and waited till they passed out the…
slutty ofloxacin
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
ostomax diclofenac potassium tablet 50mg is a pain-relief medication that is commonly used to treat,painful menstrual periods,&amp;general pain.
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
crap! almost took another dose of tramadol and esomeprazole as i'd forgotten that i had taken it earlier hashtag cantsleepbuttired hashtag sleptthroughday
pepco holdings has reached a tentative settlement in a shareholder lawsuit challenging its acquisition by exelon corp.
username dmdare from meridia
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
username apparently duloxetine is one of the more expensive drugs but i'm sure does not suit everyone
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
paxil raps. jihad rt username cole really got a song called let nas down. i cant bruh. i'm gonna snooze thru that shit so nicely”
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
username true. i took vioxx in the 90's. lol. i'm still alive so there's that.
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
thanks to the wind. my nicotine rush okay already. :)
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
i think advair makes my skin dry
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
ciclesonide in severe asthma - study in 2010 - no change in fev1  hashtag aaaai
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hashtag cancersux
am i the only person in america that hates the crestor ad? if i were married that that idiot, i would kill myself.
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
username mind sharing meds that helped u? i use many for symptoms, plus daily plaquenil (lupus), copaxone (ms), and bystolic (pots).
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
exelon $exc q2 adj. eps usd 0.51 vs. exp. usd 0.50 hashtag stocks
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
yall know what ( y'all prolly don't care ) i finally gave a eliquis . anybody i know is on coumadin or xarelto.
username hashtag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
username username remember when we went to play bingo and i was high on oxycodone because my kidneys suck? thx 4 not killing me
if they could just figure out how to stick prozac in the pop tarts we could eliminate pop tart depression for good.  hashtag bt140
username sildenafil shall be called bldenafil from now on
dpp4 inhibitor- sitagliptin (januvia) taken orally dpp4 is enzyme that degrade glp-1 prevent deactivation glp-1
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
username ashame most sglt2 inhibitors aren't covered until the max dose of metformin has been tried hashtag stupidinsurance
at school we are studying the japanese culture. my football is named barbra streisand. maui dexilant snowman diarrhea cher lloyd flipboard.
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
username username username my hospital has care managers working on xarelto pre approvals before pt us out or the or. $$$
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
vyvanse script here i come
guess going 2take new tysabri since risk for side effects much lower than i thought. but this is more exp risky than treatment obama took
username *hugs* to you too. i'm lucky that since pregabalin increase i don't have the physical stuff -heart, puke, panic. just thoughts
username fox news is so shitty lol too funny username no need to head for the cymbalta
username humira remicade are only 2 drugs out of all that have worked to control my crohns. unfortunately, they both caused...
username so whats the alternative of levofloxacin in sinusitis ?
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
has hashtag nigellalawson released a new throat lozenge yet? hashtag saatchi hashtag opportunist hashtag nopublicityisbadpublicity
username enbrel worked real well for me until i turned 65 and then medicare came along and my copay is $893.00. monthly so now i am off it
editorial: legal system needs review in wake of valsartan scandal [2014/07/25] the tokyo district public prosecutors office is expected…
i have strong tablets and i have my ventolin which is strong that if i have over 10 puffs i can die x i haven't stanley knife and
username bourgeois people! leaves and the natural bidet work fine!!! give me levaquin or a friend.
rivaroxaban is contraindicated in preg, crcl&lt;30 ml/min, sig hepatic impairment (child-pugh b,c with coagulopathy). on lopinavir-ritonavir.
username ② levofloxacin hashtag drug _information hyperlink
i feel like restaurants put miralax in their drinks
varenicline combined with nicotine patch improves smoking cessation rates
username that's what they think, but yet to be proven. it's a huge market and they should take market share from suboxone
scared of my hashtag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hashtag crohns hashtag ra hashtag help
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
u.s. appeals court blocks lawsuits over darvon, darvocet painkillers: (reuters) - a federal appeals court on friday upheld the dismis...
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
beginning to wonder, did we just get lucky with metformin? mt username savor trial disappoints - no cardiovascular advantage for saxagliptin
username it's albuterol or xopenex, yeah?
knocked you out like that hoe on seroquel
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
username do you fancy some apixaban instead? dvt prevention for the modern man.
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
.@norfud no. we're discerning. we don't fall for nice-sounding solutions which devastate. most hashtag gunsense is like thalidomide in that way.
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
sporadically chugging on my blue ventolin inhaler during footy isn't the best look, so instead i've been given this. hyperlink
username username ive had the shits for 2 days. took 3 imodium and 2 codeine before i wont poo for weeks now
last night i took imodium so i wouldn't shit username
i think i'll just attempt to extra seroquel myself to sleep and hope everything is less infuriating tomorrow
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hashtag shakyhands :-\
humira adalimunab. xeljanz tofacitinib. does big pharma take its drug names from tolkein characters? or the weekly word jumble?
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
not your casework's emtricitabine
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
good news for myeloma patients in uk as nice approves velcade from username as first treatment in myeloma before bone marrow transplant
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
grow up lol rt username only thing i hate about nuvaring is having to put my own fingers in my pocket book. that's for boys.
username take your damn advair everyday and that won't happen. how many years i been yelling at you about this? jeez!!
lol d song i have in mind, its too different.. dunno if others will like it.. i dey fear to record am lol .. nicotine would be on it too
username focalin and vyvanse always top dogs
username want to join viox
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
being asked to have infliximab or humira anyone have any stories about which is better hashtag crohns
angelica gonna say im depressed and that i need to try cymbalta ctfuu
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
username magical american k.o. sauce. i had temazepam somewhere
latuda is a fucking joke and it does not work
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
harum-scarum: excluding daydreaming so vesicate resultant the pacifistic lozenge attend
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
username just imodium in your pocket tonight then? not much like the 70's fred?
rt username side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?
bupropion zyban and varenicline chantix hashtag mdfeels
any neuropharm/neuropsych types know of studies on baclofen for anxiety or mood disorders? struggling to find ones not alcohol wd related.
username take some nexium and watch what u eat.
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
there ya go, fanwar antara exo l vs elf. meh i dont care. fandoms are stupid anyway~
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
username yikes! i can usually fight adderall/vyvanse dehydration with water, but it's trickier when you're drinking your stimulants.
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
username username username thank god for pharmacy. except for the 30m/ day i spend on phone switching proair to ventolin
my metformin alarm just went off in the silent library and i swear i just gave the asian kid next to me a serious heart attack lmfaoo
denosumab solves worry in relation to wishbone dilapidation entranceway public in there with prostate mildew: .xaq
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hashtag hivglasgow
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hashtag tmi hashtag fml
sorcery! pain actually feeling better. nandao this kind of pain really helped by lyrica or is it my pillow positioning
username i did ecstasy on citalopram and prozac too... when i dropped on venlafaxine it would have no effect, so i'd skip my meds that day
diovan is now generic! ask our helpful staff today about switching today!
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hashtag viibryd hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag ocd hashtag meds hashtag confusion hashtag agitation hashtag itching
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
jon boniva jovi hashtag oldermusicians username
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
am i the only one that thinks the name of that new medication for bipolar depression is funny?: latuda for your attatuda!
username username ahh okay, didn't know na may other uses pa pala ang metformin bukod sa for diabetes
latuda is a dangerous drug! read side effects contraindications!!!
username no no idea  been sat in. face is fucking burning tingly disaster all the drugs and sucking ventolin
darvocet is no longer on the market username
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
username fuck is right , i need lunesta lol
username you're gonna have to get prescription sleep meds. i was on trazodone for a while.
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
natco pharma says pleased with bombay high court decision to uphold compulsory licence on nexavar issued to co
username i'm going in. about to take first ever 75mg pregabalin tab. ami will follow.
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
vioxx which was labelled safe by the fda has killed between 150,000 and 200,000 people worldwide
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
do not take cymbalta if you breath - stollen from tay
username uhh...viibryd? it's rather new, which is why i can't have it yet. my doctor has to tell my insurance to let me.
latuda cures bipolar depression...side effects: could lead to comma or death. 'oh well at least you won't be depressed anymore wtf. unamused face
username thats not good. plenty of fluids and i founf ventolin helps.
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
username username username i've forgotten to take my synthroid for 3 months.
3 essays due tomorrow?  i hope the adderall and coffee i'm about to take either gets my shit done or kills me
fun facts: do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved lamotrigine aka hashtag lamictal
weather alert: imodium ad warning for reggae and popmorn counties in st until 9:30 am nst
the big bad wolf isn't so scary if he has to take symbicort to blow out the candles on his birthday cake. hashtag thedrugsineed
$dnce ceo is persistent - founded inhale ( then $nktr ) for 18 years and developed exubera
username thank you viox i can tell you are being sincere
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
username question have you tried enbrel or rhethuxin?
username prozac makes us all better people. hashtag prozacnation
username i have a discount card for crestor if you're interested.
i need some adderall asap
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
never knew why the enbrel commercials freaked me out until now. phil mickelson blinks about 75% less than the rest of the world. hashtag fb
stomach hurting like shit and i feel dirty as hell. and this is a sign....showerrrrrrr n miralax username
the faces meridia was making &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
one abandon. no 43 with asthma. sucking on the ventolin as she rolls in. hashtag mastersroadnats
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
this is what i get for taking adderall at midnight..... fuck me
what would i do without my flovent
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
username saw piece u did on constellation exelon merger. do u know anyone in media that covers that company? have nugget that is topical.
username copay on advair was $215 a month, they won't budge. now that i'm off the private insurance and using the state provided (c)
phil mickelson stares into my soul through enbrel commercials.
sally field looks great .... dress by boniva username username
hashtag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
exciting indy things keep getting scheduled on my tysabri dates. doesn't this campaign realise it should revolve round me?
username username i've for neuropathic pain in my arm, hand and foot. think that's what the pregabalin are for. but i'm not
my friend zack likes whining. what's your favorite dexilant movie? mine is a diarrhea-filled dog.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
i have metformin tummy today :-(
username temazepam is just as addictive... that's really strange. mood disorder is surely covered by medicare and is a general diagnosis
username from time to time i have needed ventolin and it has not been available with the paper presecription i could go anywhere
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
thank god for vyvanse! i'll actually get shit done today!
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
username very little is going to get in the way of their nicotine addiction.
username haha dang you must have it bad! i never had to go through that. you use advair or no?
lagu 'hotel california' 'popeye the sailorman' 'another obe bites the dust' 'twink2 little star' antara lagu yg ada lirik freemason
latuda has to be the stupidest name for a drug i have ever heard.
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
it's all well good to say you're going to give this pt a geodon shot if he becomes violent, but it'd be nice if you gave him the shot.
username omg isn't it? i've been on ecigs for nearly 2 years and i havn't needed antibiotics or ventolin for last 2 winters love-em!
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hashtag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hashtag bloated hashtag jpouch hashtag ibd
hashtag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
if she is on zero (seroquel) take it away
lamictal benzedrine - conflict throes: .kdj
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
yes officer those are suboxone on my living room table;
guess the local suboxone hole is running dry.
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
don't ask me how this happened but the baby drank a bottle of milk mixed with miralax and i'm about to pay the price see-no-evil monkey  hashtag prayersforkendra
i don't want a fucking behavorial specialist! i want a pain management doctor that prescribes oxycodone a pulmonologist for my asthma!
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
also is that joanna gleason doing the voiceover for the spiriva commercial? hashtag random
username indeed, eylea is a bit light, growth has leveled off, dme data is inline with lucentis 1 yr chart, zaltrap is crap. $regn
hashtag xfactor laughing so much i'm reaching for the ventolin
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
going to act prep class without taking vyvanse was a bad idea........
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hashtag lamictal / hashtag lamotrigine?
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
taking a straight black coffee and a hand full of adderall to the face or i may not survive this 9 hour shift pistol
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
nicotine and faded dreams, baby just believe.. there's no one else like youuuu. red heart
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hashtag practicepoint
a day) and nelfinavir (750 mg three times a day—in the third world countries they also prescribe lopinavir or ritonavir instead of
i reached the end of the factive tag :(
time to turn my attention to upcoming business: 1. my fantasy camp 2. victoza ambassadorship 3. cont sneaker education 4. fantasy camp!!
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
alright savanna you need to text me the fuck back bc i want vyvanse dammit
i have a elephant pipe its so adorable, her names boniva .lol
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
took an oxycodone and i'm still in pain.
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
i can't stop yawning hashtag trazodone
asthma is the talk on froome. my diagnosis is copd and he was taking advair mid-stage.
username unfamiliar with this. any correlation with aptt and efficacy? i say we just use rivaroxaban or apixaban instead...
that was the weirdest boniva commercial i've ever seen hashtag sallyfield hashtag theoscars2014
chasing my dexilant with a cup if coffee. hashtag gerd hashtag youredoingitwrong
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
username i've come off mine but pdoc wants me to give quetiapine another whirl.
ugandan study confirms efavirenz significantly reduces efficacy of contraceptive implant - but nevirapine is ok hashtag hivglasgow
shoutout to caffeine and adderall for being the only two reasons my gpa isn't in shambles.
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
symbicort supposedly retails for $352 for 1 month supply i'm so fortunate i get to pay $60:-( with my insurance
if doctors refuse to increase the dose of oxycodone to 3x a day, then they're not my doctor anymore because i want an increase not decrease!
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hashtag selfharm
i be on the bachelor like - hey my name is jason - twitter handle is zannlord - i get no bitches - i eat ass when i do - adderall = god
username username for now otc product mucinexdm 600 mg po (orally) bid (twice a day). got levaquin samples, if you need.
xeljanz tofacitinib is something that is openly advertised on television and can apparently be purchased
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hashtag bloated hashtag jpouch hashtag ibd
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hashtag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hashtag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hashtag insomnia
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hashtag humira than hashtag enbrel hashtag rheum
i am convinced pharmaceutical companies and black people have the same incentive for naming their children and drugs. levitra, januvia
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hashtag vyvanse hashtag add hashtag damn
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
username lol nope. just nexium and the occasional ativan.
ok the next appointment i have with my asthma doctor i'm telling her i don't want to take advair anymore
username nothing a little trazodone can't fix.
rt username even when i have nothing to do i feel like i should take my vyvanse so i don't feel so worthless hashtag unproductive hashtag vyvanse…
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
username i went to weekly humira. i had better results adding methotrexate to the humira. might check into that!
pristiq isn't helping. i'm in a great mood. want to live forever. love life. it was easy when i had no mental health care. wanted to diethen
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
username i'm on hashtag humira for condition called hashtag sacroilitis. mine's caused by arthritis. basically have permanent pain in my bum :)
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
hashtag bipolar meds think just hashtag lithium for hashtag monotherapy hashtag lamotrigine for hashtag rapidcycling hashtag atypicalantipsychotics now revealing serious hashtag sideeffects
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
username also licensed suboxone prescriber who will rec good talk therapy/inpatient while on suboxone. hope this helps.
username username username thanks for your support and guidance today, at the thalidomide survivors art exhibition username
username ecigs are now part of my personal brand please allow me to smoke nicotine vapor in your home”
her surgery went well!! she even got the latest and newest baclofen pump with lower malfunction rates! username username
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
we are very glad that wg has committed to funding eylea for hashtag amd treatment, can only be good news for patients. newyddion gwych!
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsproblem
7hrs of continuous walking. 2 ativan cream treatments. 1 ativan shot. 1 geodon shot. 2 cups of applesauce w/ whatever meds the nurse added
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hashtag bcproblems
username i'm a mess, but getting through it, i guess. on effexor since i haven't stopped shaking since she died. you better now?
new onset dm: ed interventions include diet/exercise education, if you elect to start med metformin 1st line if not contraind hashtag emconf hashtag vcuem
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
username username the real eylea killer could be vegf/pdgf dual inhibitor from kala pharma, another third rock bob langer co. ;)
just took an adderall with the rest of my coffee hashtag welcometofinalsweek hashtag ifmyheartexplodesyouknowwhy
take some nexium and suck it up
when people talk about doing ketamine i laugh it off because i've done it but that rx drug saphris i was on once is like ketamine x 800
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
username biggest shock are the scale of rises in drugs whose incremental benefit is so low (zetia, vytorin, crestor and many others)
i'm just gonna go chill out, and take my prozac and geodon and drink a glass of water.
username viox playing peacekeeper after about reacts to gk shove by the corner flag for yellows
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
rule epilepsy in addition to pregabalin habit: .fhi
learning the basics of t2dm and it makes me feel proud im with januvia family. hashtag bewell hashtag labanmsd hashtag wearethebestdpp4
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
i really like the album version of ventolin but i have this horrible fear i'll murder my ears if i even try listening to it at a good volume
so yeah, i'll be at class tomorrow morning, and i'll even bring you a coffee. don't be surprised if it tastes like miralax tho smiling face with halo
you should not start enbrel if you want to live or enjoy life. enbrel may cause everything. please take enbrel so we can have new airplanes
username change the rules... warehouse 13 should have been sponsored by kleenex prozac im such a sad fangirl.. that was no love letter
boniva sags and bagopee hashtag oldermusicians username
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
username not the cough suppressant ones. it should just be a throat lozenge made only of pectin. feel better soon, yeah? :)
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
oh i think the baclofen kicked in a while ago heeeeeey
username if he was talking about lunesta or sexual harrasment his opinion would matter. it doesn't matter on coaching.
3 weeks without albuterol or a rescue inhaler and no advair raising hands ...
because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
toby can't take lyrica because he has both a drug and alcohol addiction problem. poor toby.
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hashtag lamictal hashtag bipolar
username 400mg efavirenz non-inferior to 600mg and with fewer adverse events! hashtag hivglasgow yes, finally!
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
can i just applaud username bio.. i'm glad that nuvaring malfunctioned.
username fuck it. let's all just survive off no sleep and adderall this week.” me every week
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hashtag prozac
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
my happiness is based on how much sleep i get and how affective my adderall is that day.
username username username i am pre dibetic but had no energy.dr put me on victoza feel 100% also on high protein
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hashtag insomniacentral hashtag stupidmedicines
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
i don't know were i would be without diclofenac front-facing baby chick
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hashtag socute
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
thoracotomy patients: reduction in cpsp at 6/12 in ketamine + pregabalin group when added to usual care in perioperative period. hashtag rcoaac14
somebody bring me vyvanse tomorrow morning
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
antara sebab tak boleh concentrate study? carry marks ee.
username username ขอตอบว่า selective b1-blocker atenolol bisoprolol metoprolol
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
username adderall had me beating skyrim on my lunch break.” face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
attack, attack, attack your imodium ad, gently down the whale
username username yep. same with etanercept - rheumatoid arthritis meds that do wonders for psoriasis
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hashtag humira than hashtag enbrel hashtag rheum
username buy some imodium
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
i have metformin tummy today :-(
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
username i'm curious if you have considered trying certain drugs for bulimia? apparently prozac (fluoxetine) works well for that.
thanks for always being there for me when my life looked a cymbalta commercial...
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hashtag cipro…
i guess asking username to decorate my nuvaring is out of the question?
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
done for like a thalidomide in a thumb war hashtag spelling
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
$biib tysabri monthly sales were dn ~25% in sept (symphony health), the $eln royalty report implying tysabri 30m miss for q3 reinforces it
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
username if u r on hashtag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
ugh for the life of me, i couldn't remember what memantine did. i put down decrease of b amyloid not excitoxicity.
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
cymbalta can help i guess
ed update: sildenafil has cardioprotective effects      10-21-14 ed update check out the latest updates in ... hyperlink
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
hashtag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
tysabri time. can i just go lay in front of my fan again yet?
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
oh....i just figured out why today sucked more than usual. i forgot to take my prozac last night.
the guy on this januvia commercial uses the same bbq tongs as me.
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
exactly one week and one day, have battled battled but have had to succumb to the aide of the high mighty imodium god.
survived the non-venlafaxine disaster with diazepam. home now, thank fuck, with the medication some zop imbibed. should be okish tomorrow.
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
drugs on the do not take before surgery list include viagra and vioxx .. along with the anticoagulants garlic ginger. some stir fry that.
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
username tamiflu can be like a miracle medicine for some types of flu so dont wait terry
username yeah i take kappra, gabapentin and lacosamide xx
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
of course again they don't want me to go up to start this process of suboxone
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
username xarelto has had the indication. we have used feiba successfully for one case. treating with xarelto for dvt and sending home :)
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
username yeah same i was on quetiapine but they switched me to aripiprazole not even sure it works as spent evening crying
miss kardashian, you dropped your nuvaring. - username hashtag brbdying hashtag wildnout
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hashtag viibryd hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag ocd hashtag meds hashtag confusion hashtag agitation hashtag itching
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
apparently, when i drink coffee, i make sure to take loperamide first.
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
i'm really hoping some oxycodone scotch will help me better tolerate the asteroid size kidney stone making its way to my urethra anxious face with sweat loudly crying face
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hashtag hivglasgow
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
i hate when my vyvanse wears off because i can't remember any of the cool shit i wanted to do earlier.
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hashtag crps hashtag fml
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hashtag sostrong hashtag highasakite
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
username just some girl called humira zaman - who is she? flushed face
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
the perils of having to inject my victoza :/ hyperlink
my old bottle of 100 mg pills vs my new 200 mg one... hashtag epilepsy hashtag meds hashtag lamictal hashtag epilepsyprobs hashtag seizure hashtag pills hyperlink
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
username lol no like type out the lyrica since u yoruba
latuda is everything crazy estrogen
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
username since i've been taking humira.
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
even tho meridia is far from my fav prince like wth was that garbage with umaril you piece of shit
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
i run on vyvanse and redbull.
username i wish exelon had thought it through before sending me a letter about how much electricity i use.
other teratogenic diseases thalidomide which causes phocomylia phenytoin which causes cleft palate cytotoxins can cause a portion
i heard christmas shoes on the radio tonight and now i need some prozac with a rocky road ice cream chaser. hashtag worstchristmassongever Christmas tree high-heeled shoe dizzy face
username people forget companies want respected certified private certification. fda let crestor happen, never forget.
i now take zoloft for depression , and ziprasidone for a mood stabilizer and anxiety .
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
username or some imodium to help him through the show
i don't tradjenta is a good pills or not .
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
username did i read in a blog post that you took venlafaxine? i am on 300mg and if i forget it for one day i can barely function the next
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
kamikaze dexilant diarrhea. a camel. huntercoin lama parries playing cards fart young moo does beyonce. micky vanish amazon
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
he gave me a paper on thalidomide to read and discuss next week. sad times
halftime beverage = halftime meds ... levaquin with a chaser of robitussin. (don't judge!) ; ) hashtag cheers hashtag zappos  hashtag custserv
on a higher dose of pregabalin 2night. prescribed 4 nerve damage in my leg but works great for anxiety. stress free times ahead. (maybe)
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
username take some miralax
temple of meridia quest time... hashtag skyrim
username depression hurts, cymbalta helps ««really? with all them side effects it got? o.o
hashtag comercialiremember : cymbalta can help
your onel fda report: the study also found an increased risk of major gastrointestinal bleeding with use of pradaxa as compared to warfarin.
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
man, nothin' says sexy like a little fluticasone propionate nasal spray.
username make sure not to take any fluoroquinolones , cipro avelox levaquin, as they may cause tendon damage even in the young! be safe!
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
username username username yep; and taking that logic one step further, ken frazier should be held responsible 4 all the vioxx deaths
username the nuvaring doesn't fit me :(
username well.... ...cymbalta can help
lol just kidding guys its just metoprolol
username the byetta is one my mum is on.....sorry....she mentioned another new one she'd read about so it may be your victoza
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
i lied guys, that adderall is saving my life.
username dont do no fuckin nuvaring son. they say you don't feel it during sex, niggas lied. jammed my dick right into it. never again.
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
ventolin be like... im your savior asthma girl
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
rt username making an audiobook is a lot more work than i thought.... i need a throat lozenge... 8(
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
pfizer agrees to $190 mln settlement over generic neurontin
username username so in other words, no, januvia has not obsoleted endocrinologists ;)
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
other drugs orlowski thinks is interesting is novel akt inhibitor check out the study outcomes on this.. may overcome bortezomib resistance.
username username i'm on vimpat as well. i don't have any side effects.
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
presenting feedback control of atorvastatin dosing in 1/2 hr at hashtag embc14, location e-224. see you there?! hyperlink
original research showing positive efficacy and safety analysis for memantine treatment in alzheimer’s disease chosen by dimitri...
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hashtag bbloggers
username i don't miss mine. vyvanse is better in every way
fluticasone propionate thanks for saving me from my allergies
damn i shoulda got that vyvanse
best moment of my day you know lunesta went generic right? hashtag allthesleep
username the ssri title such as prozac and fluoxetine are less likely to cause weight gain in the short term and possibly long term
username i went from humira to remicade -also on pentasa and entocort hashtag blehdrugs
grab this username for a free belviq  hashtag weightloss trial voucher. includes username free hashtag loseit ap hyperlink
username miralax what is that also thank u u rck
these adderall pics got me dyingggg.
today's lesson: don't take antibiotics, ibuprofen, diclofenac sodium coffee within half an hour of each other. indigenous law was fun.
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day15
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help
i just really need some nexium right now
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hashtag nospoonsday
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
george metformin hashtag drugstorecelebrities
white chicks with lozenge smiling face person raising hand
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
username also drank 40mg omeprazole (but my medicine is dexilant 60mg so errr yeah that has to happen tomorrow i guess)
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
and with that i seriously just considered crushing a lunesta into a blunt so i can sleep ha. a lu banger.  fuck
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
20 hours since i put 25mg of seroquel inside 78900000mg of me and i start feeling normal again. zammo was right.
i fully believe these nicotine patches have made it possible to get this far with not smoking.
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
username despite pain award pr a dark shadow still hangs over grunenthal until they compensate all those they disabled with thalidomide
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
one prozac a day
username they have been playing like someone with constipation the last few weeks. time to miralax up and cut loose,
latuda is easily the worst prescription drug name yet. also side effects are crazy: don't drink grapefruit juice or you'll die.
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
oh rt username my boo's dick was hula hooping with my nuvaring last night...
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
username cymbalta sounds like the princess in an 80's computer game.
username for asthma right? ventolin
talking about the safety of rviia, tranexamic acid aprotinin username nata - 3 v different tales of science human nature regulation....
username it could've been a ventolin inhaler though. fucken a! ever seen what an inhaler can do to somebody's eyes?! crikey!!!
just mistook a cymbalta commercial for a preview for a new nicholas sparks movie. too bad. it looked like a good one.
huxley got so much right about the future, but soma? come on, man, come up with some funnier drug names. boniva for instance.
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
trying to memorize everything about latuda mm
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hashtag pleasebeworthit
date: april 2, 2007 1: 35 am it is important bingo socialist tramadol water and very paxil levitra can free ve
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
my head is going to explode.. a provider...a mid level....really just prescribed darvocet to a patient....my fucking god she is an idiot
username nope, was on hashtag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hashtag humira since dec 2012. hashtag rheum
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
sibutramine and orlistat are the only approved drugs for weight loss treatment
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
hashtag cmsc2013: ptm is an important tool to allow patients to deliver a bolus of extra baclofen for pain/spasticity hashtag msresearch
username i have some temazepam i use sparingly, but thanks. plan is to see psychiatrist soon for a more long term solution, at least i hope.
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
username atazanavir, ritonavir and truvada. not sure i'll be staying on them though xx
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
drank my grandma's drink which i thought was just grapefruit juice only to find out it was mixed with a dosage of miralax eyes
username too much info. lol. take some imodium
the amount of work i do in class without adderall is on the top, with adderall is on the bottom... lol hyperlink
30 days od hope- day 22 deanna; i am synthroid free and my labs are normal!!! yes, i used caps, because coming off medications is worth...
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
username i missed you so so so much today!!! now i need to take a ton of hashtag cymbalta cyclone
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
ventolin makes me shake
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”wow
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
username username username username username wishing you another fruitful day in the thalidomide campaign
username e cigs do have nicotine in them, but the only thing exhaled by someone smoking them is water vapor. totally non-toxic
rebif and betaseron increased 9% this year, gilenya by 6%, and tysabri by 6%.
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hashtag sewing
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
username at my age, the only butt stuff i'm interested in is miralax hashtag sadbuttrue
aristotele: apixaban reductions in stroke or systemic embolism, fewer major bleeding events, and reductions in all-cause death
l o l -rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
the pharmacist looks at me like i am an hashtag addict. neurontin and nortryptiline are for hashtag myelitis you bitch. hashtag nothappy
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hashtag adhd
can't get enough of your lunesta hashtag insomniacsongs hashtag barywhite
for meridia down on twitter using a computer tomorrow. and then rp some, maybe if my rp partner's up for it. :)
antara the heirs vs skripsi loudly crying face
chris davis looks like he uses deer antler spray as a throat lozenge. hashtag bluejays hashtag orioles
sources say: to supply apis for diovan generic divi's lab price:1419 change: +61.55 percent change: +4.53%
username suboxone
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
username hey whats the policy for tiotropium ah? for respimat is sample rite?
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
oxybutynin weekend person tipping hand pistol
username it all might be due to restlessness. hashtag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
does anyone have a link to that anna jack meridia and rapunzel edit like the really good modern college one
atazanavir and ritonavir are my new enemies!
just got home from that wretched bastille i call work. i need a fucking prozac and oxycontin smoothie....
$100 million nuvaring settlement finalized
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
thank you exelon 4 donation of school supplies username username username hyperlink
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
username i liked the nuvaring answer better hashtag codysvagina
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
username but hashtag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hashtag rheum
username just found out his mother thalidomide when she was 3 months pregnant
username hahahaha get on the fluoxetine mate
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
this is the first time i've been on adderall in about 2 years. it makes me think of cool words, such as galvanic and exuberance
username lmao klee face with tears of joy almost the exact same thing. oxycodone is the main active ingredient in percocet
username ~ i thought he just needed to be on seroquel.
username suboxone withdrawals
this albuterol needs to kick in because i will pack my child up and go to the hospital in a hot second.
you can have all the papers, articles etc about hashtag pradaxa but until there is an antidote, this drug is a killer. hashtag recallpradaxa
that oxycodone ain't no joke.
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
username i have adhd and i was prescribed adderall but my mom doesn't believe in pills, so she takes them from me. if i want adderall
username username lol exubera was 2 feet long. that's like saying 14yrs ago, did mobile cos not learn anything from the dynatac.
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hashtag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hashtag winning
username if diet only or metformin then you keep a full licence. insulin treated gets reduced years
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
hey not sleeping. hashtag hotflashes hashtag menopause hashtag effexor
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hashtag asthmaprobs
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
username rabeprazole for the win
rt username also a hashtag physician should order loading dose of hashtag plavix, hashtag effient, or hashtag brilianta. hashtag medstudents hashtag residents
username can you explain the tysabri range?
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
username generally, no; most state laws don't mandate, and many insurance providers only cover sildenafil on most expensive policy.
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
i just want to take a trazodone and sleep through today
does anyone have any tamazepam or tramadol? i'm stockpiling for when cordon met barlow.
username i feel ya... i just downed some miralax
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
if you can't sleep in a high stress job, the latest best thing, under the care of a qualified physician, is low dose quetiapine (seroquel).
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
would give anything to come off pregabalin right now, side-effects just won't get better. then i can try more useless meds ad nauseum, yay.
we had to put my dog on prozac. that is all.
username maybe! i was taking a drug called gabapentin for 2 yrs for nerve pain that stopped the migraines as well. i've come off it.
i called for my effexor refill on wednesday. i was out. it's sunday and i can't stop screaming and crying
username you need boniva asap
come on diclofenac work your little magic fingers
i got vicodins. i got adderall and i got baclofen but i can't enjoy any of these without some weed
i'm just glad i finally have a handle on my bipolar issues. cymbalta for the win!  hashtag beencrazy
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
username best not to get onto loperamide unless you have to travel by bus or similar...
getting white girl wasted on red bull vodkas... snorting boniva up in the club.
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
every game, username has gone to sleep about 20 minutes before the royals win. gonna make her snort lunesta on sunday.
username username username i enjoy arguing miralax doses.
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
username because sometimes i sing to my paxil.
username why did my doctor put me on cymbalta for fibromyalgia? what ever happened to good old fashioned narcotics?
question of the day: does oka antara still rap?
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
amount of men on tadalafil tho....ds life...
username damn i need some of those!! i only got respirdal and effexor lol
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
i think pierre mcguire rest of the nbc crew probably had to wolf down some cymbalta and zoloft in the first intermission hashtag pens hashtag bruins
reading through several articles of the german medicines law...jesus, why did i wanted to write about thalidomide again?
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
username use heroin to get rid of that pesky cough then use suboxone to get rid of that pesky heroin addiction
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hashtag nomoreoptions hashtag scary
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
username i'm trying to send my pristiq to you but i'm having difficulty on the initial physical-to-digital conversion
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
username also try pre op tylenol , gabapentin and post op ibuprofen and tylenol and gabapentin
username how many docs will be moving to velcade + rev + dex front line? that leaves lots of room for another option.
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
neiman marcus makes peace keep it, cuz it wouldn't does that mean chicken in the background. a cold was afraid of lemon drop enbrel
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
username enbrel only works on ra. i tested negative for lyme disease and every other testable autoimmune disease. not an easy process.
time to go off tysabri and start an oral medication. anyone out there on one of the orals? advice?
username cause latuda remember we are married now
stupid nicotine lozenges doing nothing for me now. eating like lollies probably actually ingesting more nicotine than usual.
username hashtag myboyfriendnotallowedto vent to other female ? wtf she aint dr.phil nor a therapist ? depressed ? get cymbalta.”
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
lack of nicotine.
username username how bout them patriots? imodium works great doesn't it?
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
username username username username needs few doses of sildenafil ;) hyperlink
username dude, i told you: levaquin was bogarding my stash. username
eugeni bruguera presents the utility of varenicline for smk cessation in mental health patients hashtag srnt2014 hyperlink
avelox cialis
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
given before and it started years back, partly with the geodon or whatever when i was working at hill afb. hell, i've had seizures from
the crestor commercial is on all the time and it is so dumb i just want to break my tv.
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
username respi...u counsel his spiriva handihaler with cik sara. plavix aunty for dual antiplatelet x1/12 then aspirin 150mgod x2/12
nexium great place to of a wand it
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
cardioselective beta blockers: beta blockers acting exclusively at myocardium betaxlol acebutelol esmolol atenolol metoprolol hashtag nclex...
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
//oh my god! i just imagined sanguine and meridia in the beauty and the beast outfits dancing!! *dies from laughter*
username metformin is commonly used in patients who are overweight in my experience
username the early bird got the worm because he took vyvanse.” username
lunesta my bestfriend
fda approve saphris on the road to luxury schizophrenia: .ews
is anyone on nuvaring and wouldn't mind telling me how much it ended up costing? hashtag replytweet
thanks to the divine crestor
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hashtag phantomsangre
thank you diclofenac sodium for keeping my back together hahaha
uh, the ring doesn't go there... you'll choke. mt username username username if only the nuvaring prevented bronchitis...
username username haven’t checked numbers, but it appears 2011 promotional spend for bystolic ($382m) exceeded 2012 sales ($348m).
other side effects may include coma or death. see if latuda is right for you.” wait wut
how exelon nuclear uses peakvue to improve station reliability at hashtag emrex
i'm looking at surgery so i will, unfortunately, be taking percocet, darvocet or some other form of oxycodone for a long ass time. not happy
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
uma still take ah seroquel tho.
username every time i've sought tx for flu i was told i had a flu-like illness and tamiflu would be useless. so a shot would have been too
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
eliquis to keep from worrying bout afib....... no thanks...i'll worry bout that later in life if it gets to be serious
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
username happy birthday u lil bitch, don't forget to take your miralax xx much love frm me username sparkling heart sparkling heart sparkling heart
first enbrel injection tonight o.o hashtag nervous hashtag psoriasis hashtag psoriaticarthritis hashtag psoriasisfoundation
sally field looks better than she did on that boniva commercial
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
hashtag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hashtag cipro…
username *nod* i was thinking about how diclofenac kills vultures &amp;, as a consequence, incidence of disease in india rose. amazing birds.
what i learned from hashtag americanhustle ... men in the 70's were well dressed and in to fashion and coke is like adderall
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
username suboxone is much more expensive than methadone here. because of price, methadone becomes default choice for many.
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
this bitch literally just asked if nicotine is something you put in your eyes. hashtag whatanightmare
can't sleep cos of prozac.
get some prozac backhand index pointing right @kmichelle: that situation should've been handled differently. i've grown and i'm continuing to grow. glad username
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
i need a prescription for oxybutynin so i can drink coffee on longer car rides hashtag tinytank
12 months today since i smoked my last ciggy... fingers crossed i have finally ended my very serious relationship with nicotine.
please gimme some adderall i'm havin trouble concentratin, hypnotized me, mastered the art of captivatin
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
username oh, and belimumab not agreed by every payer so very tough. i have only got 2 so far on belimumab in a specialist centre!!
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
guys i googled prolia old woman and it's not what we wanted
a person or a lady? *runs*rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy -the same chemical found in prozac.
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
wow lol rt@davialynnette: only i would lose a bag of adderall the week of finals unamused face unamused face ”
betaseron and extavia are used for treating relapsing forms of ms, to reduce the frequency of clinical relapses hashtag multiplesclerosis
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
rt username dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hashtag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis...
hi peeps,of the 2 most interesting documentary's on tv username bbc2s on the50 year fight 4 thalidomide has lost out to bbc3styger drew on porn
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hashtag newmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hashtag talkintoons !
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
boniva thugs n harmony. hashtag oldermusicians username
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hashtag tecfidera hashtag bbhwithmscom
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
great news, more options for patients with hashtag dvt and hashtag pe fda approves pradaxa for treatment of deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hashtag txfreestyle hashtag barrdout
i clowned obama for his heartburn and not taking nexium and i ate piada for dinner and didn't take mine. my chest is on fiyah
rt username $frx finally launches namenda xr in us, 3 years after approval. twice daily to once daily, but more importantly extends …
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
username i was on effexor for a while. i may as well have been on a placebo because it didn't work for me at all. hope you have...
so it seems that if i take hashtag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hashtag day14
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
rt username chmp recommends hashtag lemtrada for ms. high potency but risk of autoimmune reaction, so will be used after tysabri. forecast …
username i know ...but just make sure u get a lot cuz the prescription regular ones be sum bs...the advair is like magic
drinking a glass of cold water is more effient at waking you up than coffee.
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
username ala kedai i antara taman tun on weekday and the gardens on weekend. either one je. haha
one of the side effects for lyrica (terrible name), a medicine for diabetic nerve pain, is suicidal thoughts or actions. wtf.
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
boniva is poison. do not take it! research it first! you are your own best advocate.. these docs do not do clinical trials. fda...hah!
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
me: *finishes quest in a med-bay full of barfing people* deadeye: you should go drink alcohol now me: ...um, how about some imodium instead
just do it (and blame the prozac).
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hashtag painfull 4 evr!
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
username hahaha i'm also on seroquel &amp;prozac for mental health&amp; tegretol&amp; phenytoine for epilepsy. i'm a walking drugstore haha love u x
username check out my coment on the august favorites video i'm mirella boneva and thanks to u your videos my life has changed!thank u!
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hashtag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
username username username username username username i don't think exelon can help this lost soul
nsaids such as celecoxib are known to inhibit renin synthesis, resulting in hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism, dec k excretion, and hyper k.
alright i can't stand to look at anything to do with paroxetine, heart defect, odds ratios or confidence intervals for the rest of the night
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hashtag stopnuvaring2014
well done djm for prolia username
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
antara lain sex pistols dan the clash,
username i heard today that advair (inhaler) went up by $7 out the blue. i was told by a friend she is afraid other meds. will go up too.
p.rosenfeld:subanlysis of view 1&amp;2 eylea eye drier than lucentis, eyes w persistent fluid after 3 mths benefitted from monthly eylea hashtag retina
rt username think im gonna have to start taking my vyvanse again. my lack of motivation to do anything is scary
lmfao niggas got bonifa from that boniva shit for women lmaoo like wtf was in our minds
username tried calling 2day about nexium game time photo shoot # nex176237, was sent to 901# even after explaining precisely y i was calling.
username username username username i have to look into that i been on the neb with advair and inhaler too often!
in the news: beyonce pees croquet flovent hfa too much earwax a big butt fell with adele. a kidney eject mortgage monty haul agnez mo
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
coffee+wellbutrin+topamax+effexor helps me jump start my day. ahhh the joys of being a human... hashtag feelings
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
username username the fda also once had a view that thalidomide benefits outweigh known risks... not saying its the same, but still...
the only fluoroquinolone antibiotic that not need to renal adjustment is  moxifloxacin
username i thought this said boniva - that calcium prescription pill and got super confused. hashtag overtired hashtag strongbones
this commercial for victoza is literally all side effects and things that go wrong.
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
i bet the sons of suboxone are fired up about the big premiere tonight
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
username sorry to hear about that. the right dose of synthroid will fix you right up. keep making them tweak it until they get it right.
username as i understand it they don't have nicotine or tobacco in them. nothing toxic.
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
username i asked to be put on paxil because it numbs me... well it will when i get to 40 mg
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
uncontrolled diabetes? try adding metformin to your acarbose! (via username hyperlink
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, contact us toll free. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
go to urgent care get some cipro. you'll be fine. rt username oh em gee. i think i just saw one of the winklevii on 22nd and 6th.
username wow, they make prozac, cymbalta, and cialis. did being so close to so many feel good drugs make you feel good?
username username username a d problem for compounds inherited from sp. mrk, hpv, januvia (i know dated) were successful d
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
gotta give myself my humira shot later this morning. i’m a coward so i’ve been having my mom do it, but she’s not here sad but relieved face
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
stupid humira. stupid crohn's disease! lol hashtag justthankfultobealive
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
exelon is the best performer in the s&amp;p 500 today $exc hashtag marketflash hyperlink
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
username rely on my tweets as much as hf pts rely on metoprolol succinate, carvedilol and bisoprolol! hashtag lowermortality hashtag naplextipoftheday
username suboxone withdrawals
note to self: adderall and coffee is a no
it's so annoying to shave... maybe i shouldn't try now, tho... never taken seroquel n i heard they drowsy medication
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
username username don't have symbicort but i have the albuterol inhaler. that should help.
rt username drug information update - fda approves the first non-hormonal treatment (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause‏
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
whap we watch the how horse ebooks netcoin answer genetic water on the butt oink. corn. bam. waste play dog diovan for you.
good morning robboes. currently at mrs stein's work drinking tea and chatting to trevor about his tysabri. see you all potaters, robboes.
smoggy reyataz curse is your 6-minute sunday supper retrial diaper rash pradaxa purchase gruper duncheon hexagon butt
does anyone on hashtag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
heard that today is free nicotine day..rasa bersalah plak nak light ni
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hashtag sewing
username with the best ip presentation to date distinguishing xoi's by calling allopurinol brett favre and uloric aaron rodgers hashtag pharmjokes
1multipurpose prevention tech.approved by username is a fixed dose comb.of sitagliptin ( hashtag diabetes)&amp; simvasttiin (hypercholesterolemia) hashtag hivr4p
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
wish my followers schedules coincided with my adderall highs so they could actually be around when my tweets are somewhat interesting
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
username would you like a crestor with that?
username thank you! it didn't even fucking work. i went back to ziprasidone but now will never have another orgasm in my life.
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hashtag highlymedicated hashtag legalizemarijuana
username we were diagramming outfield coverage with beer bottles, viox drank yours lol
asked my rehab about medical marijuana today while in the suboxone program and the answer was no absolutely not must be whybi feel like crap
bring me imodium and lucozade and chicken noodle soup face with medical mask crying face
username a list of lunesta side effects...
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
fyi: i've got sore eyes and i'm using this levofloxacin 3x a day. eye drops, why is this such a challenge? i just kept missing -_-
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
username fluticasone is a common nasal spray u find in pharmacies all around lagos not chemists. not special but registered pharmacy
i still have a decent amount of seroquel, remeron, effexor.. hoarded them when i didn't need to take them.
username have your ventolin handy, too
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hashtag pcos
xopenex and proair kind of night. this asthma is kicking my butt. hashtag puffpuffdontpass
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
however the prozac is making her more talkative than usual (if also hilarious and lucid) so i don't think she's fully listening to my ideas
maybe i shouldn't of mixed that miralax with my sunny d... flushed face weary face tired face lol
they will never be hall of fame material like cialis crestor username
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
username i'm on effexor, neurontin, xanax. i think i need to increase or change my mood stabilizer or maybe add an anti-psychotic:( i
username hello mrs, how was the widower, unsuccessful in his pursuit of temazepam i hope? ....
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
username he eventually got a prescription for nexium which worked better/lasted longer - if the zantac helps ask your doc about it?
my sroke is effient
username i'm a guy and even i know you should always store a nuvaring in an old margarine container in the closet.
cant they just pass out adderall during finals like they do peppermint candies?
username can u make viox a logo
username oh i have xans kpins focalin adderall and some oxys i don't like weed
tamiflu for morbidity/mortality:no benefit. nnt for symptoms (fever):30;nnh (vomiting) 22! - newman hashtag acep14
omg crestor is my life
talk to your dr. about januvia today. is that a drug or a black girl from brooklyn? ?
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
metformin beats other type 2 diabetes drugs for those newly diagnosed: study. username
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
is it ok to take loperamide with chocolate milk? lol
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
decision means makers of pain relievers darvocet can face claims related to alleged injuries in federal court; hashtag cafa circuit split narrows
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
vyvanse and coffee OK hand  hashtag examweek
rad. ding. warts friend poker after dark likes networking spiriva ningtong obey traffic anti-hemorrhoid seats tv has aztec
i thought the nexium commercial person said pikachu and i just
username i started super metroid yesterday and got ot maridia and got mad and turned it off, i have to do it though...
what i'm getting at here is, i would be fucking with some oxycodone right now
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
username yeah advair was like 300$ a month i almost had a panic attack when i had to switch
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
vioxx was shown to protect the heart of mice, dogs, monkeys and other animals. it was linked to heart attacks and strokes in 139k+ humans.
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hashtag lamictal / hashtag lamotrigine?
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hashtag mssucks
tw/ / / / / we have deducted that i have fcked up my throat from retching so much  and they told me to take a nexium pffft
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
daily pills at the moment include cleanse elite senokot vitaburn forceval fluoxetine paracetamol
username be careful! the flu is going around and tamiflu only works if it's treated within 48 hours.
let's see about this trazodone.
oh yeah the oxycontin 20mg oxycodone 20mg are rollin in now...very nice
username actonel stopped today on odb patient taking &gt; 5 year; bmd confirmed low risk; $30/yr drug and $105.96/ yr dispense fee saved
in nexium settlement, dr. reddy's will not pay plaintiffs or admit wrongdoing but will make employees available to testify.
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hashtag sleepdisorderproblems
how did i miss this gem the first time through ad season 4? you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial.
username it is completely crazy. amgen has a program that makes enbrel free for some people, at least. hyperlink
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
why does facebook keep giving me adds for suboxone films....i swear i have nothing to do with meth
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hashtag shakyhands :-\
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hashtag np hashtag cymbalta
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
why is elmo unplugging my bird baths? will you buy me a laxative? how do you pick imodium ad?
username wasn't there talk before reid took over how dawk had not had that good of a first two seasons? thought he was on paxil w anxiety
username so true. i'm actually trying to get g to lose some. i'd increased her food b/c many dogs on fluoxetine lose weight. not g. oops
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
somebody please give kendrick lamar a throat lozenge hashtag bonnaroo
dear crestor commercial... who brings a dog to a bowling alley?
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hashtag needacigarette
username haha i'm telling you, oh and as i'm sure you know januvia isn't first line, but i would recommend lol
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
$jnj xarelto q1 us sales $319m - up 100% yoy!
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hashtag iwillwin
it does sound ironic if either way you would have to spend your money on the woman you love.. even in the form of prozac!
username hahahaha told you! thalidomide much! haha. her legs are worse in person!
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
oxycodone ain't never made me feel like this
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
too much coffee + temazepam = weird dreams tonight cyclone
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
dr ain't gonna tell me u have to use this $260 a month inhaler when years ago my cheaper one advair worked fine. glad i am changing dr.
i'm so excited! i have fluoxetine!!
username nice recommend amitriptyline, duloxetine, gabapentin or pregabalin as initial treatment for neuropathic pain.
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
rt username clozapine, risperidone, quetiapine... these antipsychotics sound like names for new pokémon. or maybe i'm just c...
apixaban reduces both cva and bleeding cf warfarin in af. aristotle trial 18000 pts hashtag anes2013
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
username i need some aderol in my life downcast face with sweat ” adderall
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
onglyza by ogilvy digitalhealth for bms/az alliance takes the digital interactive trophy. well done! hashtag pmawards
matthews associates law firm has filed dozens of fosamax lawsuits across the country against the manufacturer of fosamax, merck and co.
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hashtag helps
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hashtag antidepressants
watch out bitches, i just need some miralax and gatorade
peace, justice and pregabalin for all.
username my consciousness obnoxious when im off a suboxone
my god, does pregabalin really affect balance this much. i just bloody nearly fell off the toilet!  hashtag me/cfs hashtag fibromyalgia
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hashtag ibdfmlmoments hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag uc
well, the way i see it, you can either start walking daily or you can start taking januvia daily. it's your choice....me to dm pt
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
username username username logan also takes prozac during storms while wearing his thunder shirt.
99%+ safer hashtag ecigs, millions w/wide,no death/disease 10yrs. demonised by some ph pushing 94-97% failure rate nrt very dangerous varenicline
mantle cell lymphoma: survival jump with bortezomib vs. vincristine for newly diagnosed patients ineligible for bone marrow transplant ...
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
also the nuvaring goes up ur vagiddly but its squishy and flexible so its like. not even hard
neurontin in high doses is great for anxiety. better than benzos, i'd say
username you should take olanzapine, or fluoxetine.
you should not start enbrel if you have the flu
i went the whole day without acid reflux and i even had beans today loudly crying face i fucking love you nexium
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
username lmfao she gotta wait and it's suboxone anyways so her fault
the tenofovir and the emtricitabine are in combination of three a two proportions respectively.
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
thalidomide what a dreadful drug  hashtag bbc2
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
japan's takeda sues ranbaxy for breach of uloric patent in the us | cnbc-tv18
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hashtag fuckms
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hashtag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
enbrel liver grind the gong show
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
please hashtag wiunion ask your doctor to see if latuda is right for you. hashtag walkerforever
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
username i'm again the worst mum in the world ever as not allowing a rabbit pet. we need to fall out prompto or i agree to fluoxetine!!
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hashtag diabetes
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
not uncommon for bipolar disorders to receive three drugs at same time. latuda may be monotherapy.
username a deliberate new strategy from fda? after dressing-down jnj on their xarelto label expansion in jan, tone of fda changing?
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
philosopherstones curmet the frog reply delete to share the finer aspects pew diarrhea kevin just zostavax barfing, y roo. horns
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
so i guess students taking adderall to study is a thing now....
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
username username ...to paxil what sarafem was to prozac?
username username i stopped tamiflu last year.
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hashtag insomniacentral hashtag stupidmedicines
contest wan just farted. you can just taste the cooperative imodium ad of neptune. how old are you? i am poems.
username they'll be saying rosiglitazone is ok next
hashtag crohns humira all done for another 2 weeks, belly sore though. hashtag rum and coke time sat in the garden
username suboxone in no way gives you a heroin type high especially not in someone using it daily, as prescribed. username
apologies for going on but the thalidomide story is very important to me. dad and step mom both survivors.
i love seeing everyone on there adderall and vyvanse kicks this week. people are geekin' heavy!
yes, i use advair 250/50. why are you asking me about my breathing, my asthma doesn't affect my breathing....quote of the day
using the nebuliser again! making sure to dilute the ventolin so i don't turn into a hummingbird again!!!
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
username you may try gabapentin and amitriptyline first for awhile... you may not need lyrica.
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
still doing my stupid essay. where the nigga adderall at? face with tears of joy OK hand
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
it's really difficult to study and do homework when your on oxycodone
username hi, i don't get on twitter too much, just wanted to clarify subutex not suboxone for taking when opiates r in system.
username username man, i sure am glad i don't have to deal with those meds anymore. zoloft and adderall are the shits.
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
username dude i feel physically and mentally drained.. thats the paxil i wanted hard at work
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
why are people looking at the social side of e cigs when they should be looking at the potential side effects unlike with thalidomide
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
so after having 16mg buprenorphine and still feeling no better i've come to the conclusion i may actually be ill :(
welcome username as a member of nexium relieved face raising hands
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hashtag crazypeopleproblems
temporary spot for block party found, only if nigger wesley can respond off the fucking vyvanse hes on
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
sildenafil citrate on women
tired this morning. and no lamotrigine ping effect to rely on. second strong coffee it is then!
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hashtag tysabri for hashtag msandlife and heat-related.
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
onglyza (saxagliptin):part of a class of diabetes meds called dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (dpp-4) inhibitors;enzyme that breaks down incretin hor
can't find my zyprexa tired face weary face  hashtag omg
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
whyyyyyy is yo name nuvaring assassin... weary face
$gild first-line combination of ambrisentan and tadalafil reduces risk of clinical failure compared to monotherapy in pah outcomes study
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hashtag cipro…
username tried viibryd yet? high effectiveness-to-side effect ratio, for me.
periop pregabalin in thr reduced opioid, improved pain up to 1 wk. nil function diff 6wks-6 months. 184 pts rct hashtag shieldsday2014
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
username it was because he was able to work a deal with ag kelly for his company's vioxx litagation in exchange for spanier paterno.
let me stop before i turn this into a cymbalta night. =/
username username claydunn uses xanax for anxiety. a schedule 4 drug next to valium and darvocet
disneyland. york city, careless flovent hfa matt dillon the handsome quite chewy butt mushroom pizza milwaukee, bad scads
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
username thankyou. have great med friends.  going to try gabapentin x
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
username i feel like i need to get some lunesta and drop it in her drinks so she will stay asleep lol
i think the fact that i am again functioning at normal levels on 5-6 hours of sleep means that effexor is finally out of my system. yay?
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hashtag zzzzz
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
according to the most reliable statistics, symbicort agnez mo play jazz wonder woman dog poo diet
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
dying from this cold. send tamiflu please.
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
username dr. adel i have agrandmother , she got dementia , and she use now memantine and rivastigmine , can we stop any of them ?
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hashtag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hashtag diabetes
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
they not supposed to say the metformin right? they're supposed to just show it to you after verifying its you
username being titrated slowly on lamictal, still have to take carbatrol until lamical levels are good.
everyone sounds like they just took cymbalta or some shit. quit being depressed, yo its pitiful and shows that you're dying of thirst boiii
i swear to god i try to stop my delusions but there u are wearing female sweaters ok im heavy breathing i need my ventolin
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hashtag tecfidera hashtag bbhwithmscom
also that doctor should be so embarrassed that their patient put that nuvaring on their wrist. not because it's the patient's fault. but--
username username plan is to get diclofenac gel when back to hotel.
username --just his champion... and friend.. i loved that guy like crazy, though. but... well... meridia hated me. she's the--
you liquid darvocet
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
in other news, i now know why vimpat is a federally controlled substance and it's awful
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
okia said having conducted more than 500 autopsies, as well, she’s never concluded that someone died from acute buprenorphine intoxication.
rt username username the early bird got the worm because he took vyvanse.” username
hashtag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hashtag fatkidprobs hashtag hangry
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
just completed my fourth enbrel injection, did it in my stomach this time as wasn't as bad as i though it was going to be hashtag psoriasis syringe
username i'm telling you lamictal. it takes almost a month to get on but it's worth it.
officially addicted to nicotine
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
this adderall have a nigga up
username any, but pvp you need to be ad for esotr akatosh ep for esotr meridia. msg username for akatosh or username for meridia
i used to take adderall back in high school lol it had me doing all type of stuff face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
hashtag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
jesus fucking christ the maridia section in super metroid is the least fun area i think i've ever played in a game.
popped a half a seroquel cus fuck this bull shit. i try to do something nice for people and this is what happens. fuck that,
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
how come tylenol hasn't teamed up with miralax to make a tylenol bm?
username i'm on dilantin! 100mg 7x a day. i was on lamictal last year..depakote er then depakote prior
sigh. dosage of both fluoxetine and hydroxyzine increase to 2.
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
new script for apixaban collected. not a word of advice on how to use it. new roles? get the old ones right!
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
username unlikely as not comparing the same product; aranesp = long, epo hashtag biosimilar = short acting (1/2)
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
username lunesta is better. i'm guessing it's just not covered enough to get that refreshing sleep. or you could just drink milk.
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
username tofacitinib is just fun to say. no idea what it even does, though...
username please take a throat lozenge. my ears hurt.
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
username oxycontin ritalin adderall dayquil and nyquil. all at the same time
username it's an na meeting, my doc making me go to keep getting my suboxone
i got a call from username explaining fully how cipro is fucking him up but he's getting it sorted.
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
does boniva also reverse the aging process? hashtag oscars hashtag sallyfield
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
username username $pfe buying (re-domiciled) $abbv would req major divestitures: one co cant own humira + enbrel (ex-na only) + xeljanz!
username but of course. i take keppra and vimpat. right now sadly i can not afford vimpat but my neuro is amazing and gave me samples. :)
the meridia and patron investment funds will ally themselves to invest €800m in real estate assets in spain (expansion)
once again , nuvaring , i love you .
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
hashtag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hashtag article 99213 username username
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
and again. hashtag rumainbrisbon unarmed,shot twice in the torso. officer thought he had a gun, it was a bottle of oxycodone hyperlink
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
i think you new cymbalta
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
stopped believing in super heroes when i discovered what adderall was...like shut up superman you got a prescription, no wonder you can fly
one more lozenge to go.
what can i take with or instead of prolia for ostheosporosis
starving. .. thanks saphris
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
pradaxa and warfarin are used to reduce the risk of stroke and blood clots in patients with a common type of abnormal heart rhythm
username my gi said no imodium it will change the function of the bowels. i don't know if i am explaining the reason correctly.
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
the commercials for crestor are so annoying it's actually offensive. just stop.
my next two humira shots tomorrow. :-) at least it's early-ish, so it doesn't mess up the rest of my day.
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
i have no idea who that post menopausal hashtag prolia pitch person actress is, but she was probably good looking 50 years ago.
username im yet to find any meds that work, doctors just throw fluoxetine at you left right and centre
so, the doctor on this crestor commercial is pretty darn fine... :)
apparently the dr didn't authorize my metformin refill so after today i am out of my pills argh
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
username ours too! chf due to mitral valve disease. sildenafil (viagra) keeping her going. hyperlink
username geodon
username its baclofen, the science is interesting, the results are interesting, have you tried suboxone therapy?
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
do u always take ur meds on time? do u ever stop w/o asking ur doctor? here are all the risks associated with humira(tm)!! got all that?
just gave my flattie some educational advice on how to use a ventolin inhaler. see him everyday using it wrong as if it's an accessory...
they have tamiflu or whatever on tv.. haha that's what the doctor gave me and it's shit. face with tears of joy
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
things i need to learn for metroid randomizers - mockball, the layout of maridia, maridia without speedbooster, are mb barrier skips hard?
rt username results of amplify trial showing benefits of hashtag apixaban presented today at hashtag isth2013 meeting in amsterdam where i have b…
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
to jesus through miralax
i'd make another sandwich and lace the mayo with miralax or benefiber
some hospitals are reckless. they give a patient a shot of seroquel and send the person home on the public transportation. that is...crazy.
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
rimonabant is the reverse of marijuana. its a drug that has the exact opposite effects of weed. should just name it anaujiram though.
news coming out that hashtag diabetics taking byetta, januvia, and victoza are developing pancreatic and thyroid cancer.
the fact that codeine is an opiate is enough to keep me from doing it. coming down from opiates is not the wave.
username you came off it? hashtag venlafaxine how come?
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
username actually ....b(in case u wouldnt see the pic) a bitter coffee aaaand yas, presto and my ventolin hyperlink
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username username and some imodium
username maybe bathroom was looking for one and larp needed a lozenge. wake up, helms! hashtag payitforward
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
seroquel and rimeron and buspar and lithium make up p's new regime. i'm hopeful.
rt username prof elborn presented results of inhaled levofloxacin trial. looks like it works as well as tobi. hashtag ecfs2012
real madrid lunesta besides order corned tomato
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hashtag metformin hashtag period hashtag pcos hashtag cramps
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
username taking aubagio ms symptoms reversing, i can now walk w\o mobility equipment haven't been able since 2007!
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hashtag olanzapine hashtag timetochange hashtag bipolar
username username then i think trazodone works specifically for insomnia (depression too but bleh)
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
vyvanse makes my brain crazier than it already is.
some people on my feed need jesus... or geodon and a mood stabilizer... and possibly some ativan
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
my buprenorphine dose was just stepped down from 4mg to 2mg. another step closer to freedom, but it's going to be an ugly week. hashtag junkiediary
username i took two and made miralax in water. so if that's any insight, i hope it helps!
latuda - depression medication- if that name doesn't make you laugh idk what will... hashtag latuda
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hashtag cantsleep
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
pillow when minecraft people watching big bang theory lincoln center 5sos demi moore horse ebooks airwaves sore suboxone politics fart cdm
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
some days i could really use some cymbalta hashtag oneofthosedays
zoga is the brand name for sildenafil citrate, and is used for treating erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension....
studying for a nearly impossible test without vyvanse feels a lot like trying to read braille. in spanish.
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
2y data of romosozumab followed by denosumab presented by mcclung again hashtag asbmr14
what are the bad effects of meridia ?
ok one of the side effects of latuda is death.. lmao
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hashtag helps
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
i think advair makes my skin dry
username cause of liver problems so i'm taking tradjenta instead. i wish you much luck with pcos.  that's really series stuff
username cymbalta doesn't work!!
username letak 'y' antara 's' and 'e'
urusan rasmi antara abam dan jpa. selesai utk hari ni. looking forward to the next appointment with them!! OK hand OK hand hyperlink
username be carefulllll you could mess yourself up like that flushed face flushed face my friend has to take miralax everyday due to her abusing laxatives flushed face
*puts on bow tie made from suboxone wrappers*
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
username username or suboxone
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
bayer vs natco pharma: alert: ipab had upheld compulsory licence for cancer drug nexavar
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
you know you're in college when a dude next to you calls for some suboxone then five minutes later calls to confirm his shroom order. face with tears of joy
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
username yes. you poop more and feel much better. i had a colonoscapy and then my doc told me to do the miralax daily
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
god bless tamiflu
username lol the adderall prescription struggle. real stress is when you google the side effects to see if they're really that bad.
if they don't have my auth done by fri so i can get my tysabri i'm gonna spin my head freak out on ppl just sayin
levofloxacin 500mg od. :/
username loool he makes colly worth attending, fucked guy!! ill dm u miss thalidomide x
username ouch! i also have diabetic neuropathy. how's your a1c? i'm on victoza and my a1c is 5.6. but i'm a chubby dumpling!
i'm starving they gave me miralax confounded face flushed face pile of poo
insurance company keeps changing its mind about when i can purchase nexium and it's a nightmare.
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
username well. potema is not trying to take over, for now. and meridia is watching her closely. i think the mortals should stay away
kevin bacon calls it in w/good attitude on fallon. good placement with the victoza commercial...may cause gas w/nasty something...
fosamax is a prescription drug used to prevent/treat osteoporosis in post-menopausal women and reduce risk of hip/spinal fractures.
increased influenza virus activity in kerala and karnataka, india. early case detection treatment with oseltamivir will reduce mortality
trenton, n.j. — electricity company exelon it will close the nation's oldest oyster creek nuclear power plant in 2019
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
oh ew remembering shit that i've just travelled far far away to forget. does this mean i should take temazepam again?
now watch tamiflu and facemask prices shoot up, as hoarding and black marketing reign hashtag birdflu hashtag avianflu epidemic in kerala
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
username humira didn't help? i tried remicade you name it except enbrel i will look in to it keep the pred as low as u can good luck
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
i haven't taken my fluoxetine in four days.
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
awkward moment : antara dua darjat.  it is better for me to stay away.
is prasugrel or ticagrelor has any added benefit over clopidogrel in pts with acs who are going for primary pci???
username just compared my sex life to him using an inhaler when he ran out of advair and said sometimes you need the quick fix hashtag truth
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
happy extra crestor day!
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hashtag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hashtag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hashtag day11
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hashtag ugh
username hashtag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hashtag followthediet hashtag readthebooks hashtag cantfindgreatdoc
lose weight with victoza and keep it off. hyperlink
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
deep throat coat the lozenge trusted by all 9 out of 10 government whistleblowers.
wonder where meridia is tonight?
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
hey! i use miralax
victoza in diabetes and off label in canada may show promise in weight loss in diabetics and obesity . need more study
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
note to self: viagra and adderall would be way more awesome with a girlfriend.
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
but hey ho tysabri tomorrow hashtag juicetime
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
username people have to remember methadone use suppresses testosterone which in turn weakens t heart as does buprenorphine f that matter
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
what's worse, neuropathy or the drugs they prescribe you for it? hashtag gabapentin hashtag pregabalin hashtag duloxetine
interesting hashtag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
day 11 of hashtag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
i think the lamotrigine is finally doing what it's supposed to; which is not make me sick, but keep my moods stable :) yaay &lt;3
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
rt@brokeymcpoverty: i hope boniva is still working for her” i literally lol'ed face with tears of joy
you can still feel the nuvaring it just depends on the angle bro. sometimes you can even pull it out and watch it hula hoop on the dick
took my hashtag lamotrigine and my new hashtag levothyroxin at 0511 utc. please fix me. i want to be stable, and less tired.
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
i'm high on drugs - paracetamol, orphenadrine citrate, ciprofloxacin. please work. please.
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hashtag iwillwin
username username username sugar free creamer..stevia and miralax speak-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey
for a free, confidential case evaluation, contact an experienced fosamax lawyer at matthews associates by dialing toll free 1.888.520.5202
nd sildenafil is? username then at the pharmacy shop a 69 year old man was buying sildenafil. haha, my eyes have seen
username co focus on profit not revenue in advair with price increases (nominal vs. realised), not as straightforward as u make it sound
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
username vigabatrin ... cause visual field contraction
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
fuck some lamictal...almost died. hashtag fuck
ivy league news: effexor in morning or bedtime: now i was given leaflet provided by your freedom. of rfid signals specialists at corn...
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
you've gotta be some kind of stupid to post about your adderall use on fb lol
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hashtag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
vyvanse masks me so depressed
enbrel helps ur pain&amp;also helpsu gain weight from the looks of phil mickelson or maybe he feels guilty giving $2 hashtag rightwing christian causes
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hashtag crohns
hospice came and delivered her hospital bed, an oxygen machine, a commode, a wheelchair, and albuterol machine. -@lindachorney
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
crestor commercials are the corniest
she need a lozenge b.
4 dulcolax pills down and only 64 oz of gatorade and an entire bottle of miralax to go. and all i want is a fucking pizza.
rt username drug information update - fda approves the first non-hormonal treatment (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause‏
health hashtag tip : for those with low thyroid function on thyroxine, starting metformin (glucophage) may lower your tsh after 3-6 months. re-test
lunesta in hand: great day, started with family time and ended with family time hashtag blessed
just saw a pristiq antidepressant ad with all the people as clockwork windup dolls. they, uh, might want to rethink that imagery.
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
username does victoza really help the liver pancreas through lower glucose, or does it merely work on peptides or something else
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
username lol! i agree. looks like she needed a little cipro :)
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hashtag wtf
ash fighting mucositis and hasn't past stool in the past 24 hours gave her mag citrate miralax and pumping the fluids hashtag prayersforashley plz
username i would not be comfortable with thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal whilst they still refuse to compensate those they disabled
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hashtag rsdprobs
gsk prints q2 sales £5.6b (-4%), advair (-19%); slow switch rate to new respiratory drugs raises doubts on growth prospects for franchise
meds. went from prozac to lexapro. doctor also diagnosed me add. so he is giving me sample pills of strattera every week. i'm attemping-
life sucks, cymbalta can help. or cause you to be suicidal. hashtag commercials
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hashtag lamictal hashtag bipolar
username username yes the albuterol is covered and the lesser dosage of flovent was. weird
analytics holiday party preps. loperamide makisama ka please anxious face with sweat
username adderall had me arguing with a 5 year old on who is the muffin man.”@brynnkw username
username going for a surgery consult in a few weeks. who has had success with surgery after remicade, humira and azathiorpine didn't work?
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
username the nuvaring is a great one. i use that
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hashtag olanzapine
username username thank you for forcing me to watch the eliquis ad 17 times during one episode of username on demand.
thank you username for all the work put in to make it possible for me to take my hashtag enbrel weekly! i'm a patient with # psa username
rt username hashtag cipro's gdp is only 0,2% of the gdp of the ue. but your crisis have a huge impact for the euro area as a whole. there's …
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
ouch! completely forgot i had eds and tried to turn over in bed by pushing my leg sidewards. way to sublux hips :-s. buprenorphine time!
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
white kids be knockin onnis hoe at weird hours for adderall n shit
malam ini ada pertandingan antara manchester united vs stoke city so, what is your prediction ???? -owner-
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
username username username fda approved vioxx. vioxx killed how many?? hashtag cdcvax” lol
username username geez, someone send some prozac over there:-)
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
i could use a strip of suboxone rn
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
super miralax brothers hashtag elderlyvideogames username
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
yo, who got that adderall hookup for saturday??
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
light head&amp;fake stars white medium star ..&amp; exerpt of article i'm qc: renin inhibitor aliskiren with furosemide and extended release isosorbide-5-mononitrate
i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
this levofloxacin treatment have given satisfied result so far. uhuuy!
username username have happened before (things like thalidomide maybe) but it's the first instance of blinkers coming off i can recall.
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
username looks like brilinta is an antiplatelet. it stops clots from forming in a different way. platelets form a plug at injury sites...
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
username you may be eligible to take part in a nuvaring lawsuit. if you have suffered while using nuvaring, contact us at 800-800-5678
my breakfast this morning was a tamiflu and some orange juice because half of my cousins have the flu
today i have to decide my fate. warfarin vs rivaroxaban.
username username my cat is on prozac. he's not a fanboy, though. random, much?
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hashtag nap time for this girl. stupid hashtag medications hashtag paxil hashtag trazodone hashtag seroquel
username consensus taken from bloomberg btw - agree on brilinta - strange one - sentiment in notes does not seem to match numbers
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hashtag teamnosleep
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza... i an now worried about people who actually need this warning
great wall fart itch rice pudding miami kickstarter name fart diarrhea fart rehab diarrhea are contest onion house dexilant
starting enbrel today. wish me luck!!
i'm tryin dis nuvaring one more time!!!!
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hashtag rsdprobs
username username username just thalidomide that why parts of him have stunted growth.
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hashtag ibs
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
username you are not triply from vyvanse you dumbass.
username pink saphris sounds so pretty--could be a fragrance name. ;)
username she was shocked how cheap it was in makkah. medicine name is crestor 10mg. check it out at your local pharmacy.
username who nuvaring you been man handling tho lil bitch?
username mine is on prozac now. need a long term solution that does not involve injury.
trying to decide if i have a cold coming or not and whether to do the humira jab or not. hashtag crohns hashtag decisons
wtaf?! username username help! username username are we treating mild cts with pregabalin now? is that also a thing. :-/”
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
someone bring me starbucks and a throat lozenge.
username username // gee, you're one picky person, ya know that? :d” // cymbalta can help.
can i have some ventolin and hypertonic saline please? hca looks at me like i have two heads.
username r people on enbrel at risk for immunity
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
take humira to help you sleep hashtag sideeffects no sleep, heart attack, stroke. like seriously?? wtf
username yea, i mean. sure there was maridia but still great! i know someone who says the game looks boring. it's like play it!!
username aww! well thank god for abilify in my case... olanzapine and fluoxetine really fucked me up before hahaha
woo hoo!!!! it's friday and infusion!! time for my nap while getting my ms kicking tysabri and its the 13th, wooooo! lol
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
username username username oxcarbazapine lacosomide and clobazam
my latuda also increased to 160 instead of eighty mgs. i take that at lunch and dinner time
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
not taking zyprexa or zoloft ever again. this could honestly be the worst thing i ever do.
username d: do you need a lozenge? or maybe drink lukewarm water?
i think i need sum cymbalta or prozac or sum kinda ting :/
boehringer ingelheim, eli lilly co. say results out in phase 3 clinical trials evaluating efficacy of linagliptin in pinoys w/ t2 diabetes
tysabri sales fell 2% y-o-y but revenues increased 38% after hashtag biogen acquired rest of tysabri rights from hashtag elan. hashtag elan watchers look closely
just got way too excited about seeing an advair commercial.
mylan inc. (myl) said it had launched a generic treatment for hypertension that lowers blood pressure, called telmisartan tablets.
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hashtag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
life is like suboxone chocolate
no amount of coffee, coke or fluoxetine can get me back to life.
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
username since do you need ventolin pensive face ?
username username approximately two-thirds of us patients who discontinued tysabri stayed within $biib ms franchise and started tecfidera
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hashtag crohns
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
hashtag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
username i am a sun-worshipper - doctor gave me cipro - big warning about sun exposure - blah, blah, blah. screw u i did it anyway!
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
ok tamiflu work your magic... or at least let me feel not so horrible. face with medical mask
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
possible new maridia strat for me. 4 tap charge from bottom to get speed boost required missiles.
username time to sniff the emission from my tail pipes and lick my speakers, my stereo is now officially on prozac hashtag touchdown3to6 booom
why is it okay to take prozac, paxil etc..but not okay to take something natural that can help the affected just as well with 0 side effects
username but hashtag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hashtag rheum
did this dismissal of dj action by sandoz over etanercept just delay further trials or is the us market void of enbrel hashtag biosimilars for ages
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hashtag breastcancer but can increase hashtag hotflashes.
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
with two lunesta i should just go to bed and hope i wake up at 7:30 or just stay up later and yeah
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
i'm going to try and quit my paxil cold turkey just like i always do with medicine that stops working. i started today.
ms: pgx profile indicates lower metformin dose is needed. all family members are pre-diabetic (around 5.5 where 6.5 is diabetic) hashtag ashg14
username great for weight loss though. just make sure you keep your little bald self hydrated. get well soon you thalidomide xx
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
username i was hitting the diclofenac they gave my wife after child birth.
apixaban was less in major bleeding . hyperlink
jury verdict favours astrazeneca in nexium antitrust litigation
username username good to hear, karen. am about to start pregabalin next week-delayed due to chest infection. scary stuff,am a bit worried.
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
holy shit victoza you have more side effects than you have helpful stuff
username ek fluticasone furoate spray gift kar do
cymbalta cialis interaction
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
mt username $mrk says januvia shows no evidence of pancreatic toxicity, defends dpp-4 class at the diabetes/pancreas workshop in nih
i feel like they should have picked a better name for the drug boniva lol
username k-stew: prozac for the new generation :d
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
curious to see why edoxaban noninferior vs superiority seen with apixaban and dabigatran. hashtag aha13
was off enbrel for 3 weeks between surgery pharyngitis. paying for it. usually take 2-3 weeks to rebound. hashtag arthritis hashtag psoriasis
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
username exubera anyone? $mnkd will follow the same fate...why would this time be different..btw pfizer discntnued due to poor sale
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hashtag cancersux
username i'm not trying to prove anything. fact is that victims of gardasil vaccine damage are suing merck. the vioxx ban evolved similarly.
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hashtag metformin hashtag period hashtag pcos hashtag cramps
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
air is on, electric blankie is on, 2 doses of gabapentin in...hopefully some decent rest tonight. this pmr, mctd, lupus crap sucks!! face with steam from nose angry face face with medical mask
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hashtag tmi hashtag fml
username oh baby ive been playing hard.... im not sure w/ the lyrica tho hahahaahahahaa
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
the lunesta kinda worked last night i only woke up like 2-3 times. but idk i think it's the tramadol that i'm taking now counteracts with it
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hashtag txfreestyle hashtag barrdout
username you need some ciprofloxacin
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
telmisartan for dummies
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
username the international name for imodium is loperamide. just in case you need to know!
username yay! (although it it doesn't i probably have an unexpired ventolin i could drop off?)
$act_$223.05_confirmed that it has filed an anda wth the fda seeking approval to market buprenorphine hydrochloride
rt username username saaaaame here! seroquel is definitely a placebo. i'm on abilify now but i refuse to take it because those …
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hashtag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hashtag rheum
rt username hashtag crohns hashtag patients relying on hashtag biologics like hashtag humira can b fine. just see me as the cautionary tale.  hashtag abbott must …
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
username remicade is scary but humira and enbrel are in the same class and have the same side effects. remicade lasts longer
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day16
username نعم ... the usual starting dosage of oral rivastigmine is 1.5 mg twice daily with food.
username mistakes? avandia and seroxat killed people.. hardly mistakes... major fuck ups...
what's the difference between uloric and albuterol? uhhhhhh hashtag pharmacyprobs
cute wig, broad from the latuda ad
does anybody take baclofen? so, what dose? just curious. i now take 50mg a day can you rt please username ?
username username then i recommend trazodone or ambien.
these humira commercials are so dramatic.
let me take some eliquis ya know it only may make you bruise easier and give you fatal bleeding
i wonder if i should make an rp account that specialises in fight type. or just have fen specialise in both.
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
celecoxib | no prescription
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
weather alert: imodium ad warning for lea michele and carls jr. counties in az until 2:00 am jst
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
gonna administer 10mg of metformin in my system. ugh
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
fda once again rejects new indication for johnson johnsons xarelto
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hashtag survivors ;)
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
username i'm on lamictal, ativan, zyprexa, and prozac.
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
wish i was on my tysabri today:0 but i'm not and thats not fair or kool:( :( :( :( :(
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
lovenox would cost me $800, xarelto not covered by anthem
latuda latuda ii loves to take long walks and maul faces, if pressed. hyperlink
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
my heroine, my cocaine, my plum wine, my mdma...my nicotine, my blue dream, my hydroponic, candy jelly bean hashtag pusherlovegirl
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
anyone know of alternatives to sertraline for a child (12)? so far paroxetine and escitalopram have come up but i'm very uncertain hashtag confused
yung totoo. nebivolol for systolic heart failure or diastolic heart failure?
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
actual study phones-ever-new and particular pastiche phones: viox
panama was a great ass time but i'm ready to be in my own bed, see my family, play some golf, and see em and crestor raising hands
hashtag aquarius: more plaque regression fewer cv events with aliskiren in non- hashtag diabetics - s nicholls hashtag esccongress2013
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.eat bananas ppl
username was doing ofloxacin q3 hours first day now q6 hrs… has responded.
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
crestor fired the spaz and now has a commercial with la cucaracha.  still lame.
suboxone got me fucked up.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
lost the pristiq commercial song from my itunes :(
hogan wants exelon to dredge at conowingo.will he use the same logic for deep creek lake, where the state owns the dam? dam owner?
does anyone have a spare blue ventolin inhailer kind of need it asap
took a quetiapine it's been a while and i'm ready for bed, so tiiiiired
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
username go purchase some cymbalta.
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
username 240 hydros, 480 oxycontin, 1490 oxycodone in 3 mos b4 death. was working as crit care nurse while stoned out of mind
i am on the lowest dose of gabapentin now to come off it on sun start pregabalin. brain feels fine, nerves in horrendous pain. ow.
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
hashtag fda bright: fda recommending registry w/ internal comparator for $mnkd's hashtag afrezza in light of $pfe exubera lung cancer concerns hashtag emdac
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hashtag prozac
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
username heard of pharmacists giving to pts instead of symbicort because it's cheaper, but not checking or teaching technique
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroids
2turnt on oxybutynin
so you knocking that thang out...just take it out lol ..but nah nuvaring is whack
username yes. i also worried how much the neurontin would cost because our dog doesn't have our same prescription plan(!). lucky for us: $17
can't seem to find an episode of intervention for all the drugs i got put on as a kid that i can't get off. huh wonder why- *paxil ad plays*
username i was on that for years and it didn't help me much. same as fluoxetine, effexor, seroxat. none made much difference.
5th year intern doesn't know the brand name for ciprofloxacin. answers back with, uh... levaquin.  hashtag fml hashtag pharmacyproblems
that xarelto commercial makes me wanna double my 401k contribution.
has anyone else ever drank apple sauce from a coffe cup? its very effient
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
metformin is taken with meals to reduce gi distress  hashtag unitychats
username username hahahaha. i'd be right with you 2 on the others, but thanks to oxy's, i'm now on suboxone face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username imodium stock values will sour!!
need for nicotine
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
username i'm fine. just got my new script. daily: 4x100mg dilantin 3x20mg fluoxetine 1x40mg pantoprazole pulmicort bricanyl i'm a mess.
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
50 years ago one moron set out to war against poverty. i wish he knew that the only effient way to combat it is through education.
username asenapine comes as a sublingual tablet to dissolve under the tongue. it is usually taken twice
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hashtag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hashtag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
i feel like diane keaton has definitely tried to screw sally field out of the boniva gig.
username we have a contract position available here in warrenville. exelon nuclear. let me know...
denosumab delays sre's, but there's no influence on overall survival. hashtag pca hashtag eau14
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
enbrel liver grind the gong show
username it wasn't lyrica, it was controlled-release pregabalin - the next version of lyrica. an nih study, multi-centre thru us/canada.
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
if you get tired just take more adderall
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hashtag careerkiller
hashtag anointpreneur - do you have all the cipro/cipc documents required to go to heaven?
username try some lunesta
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
username after (hopefully my final surgery) my doc is adding enbrel to the therapy.
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
your my cymbalta cuz you halp
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
username yes, i'm back on tysabri to treat the hashtag ms.
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
i may need a dose of metoprolol and digoxin after this game is over hashtag letsgopens
if it weren't for lunesta i don't even fucking know what i would be doing in an hour.
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
username what about oxycontin xanax valium concentra adderall
username username username yes makes it more difficult - see why you use spiriva as criteria now. need pt held copd record!
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
remember that one time i snorted trazodone on accident and couldn't stop sneezing? good times...
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hashtag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hashtag tysabri for hashtag msandlife and heat-related.
username username yeah josh, you need an intervention. depression hurts, cymbalta can help.
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
depression hurts. cymbalta can help
azn - q3 miss, w brilinta revs remaining anaemic, doj investigation cfo appointed internally but pulmicort decision should provide respite
commitment to nicotine motion
next time the commercial is on for victoza please listen to all the side effects. death in a bottle.
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
username miralax is my shit girl i'm hoping it works for you
so the commercial for victoza spends 5 seconds on what it is and then a good 90 seconds going over side effects....
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
#2 infusion of tysabri this morning.....bring it on! hashtag fighter hashtag multiplesclerosis
lunesta i need a butterfly to land on my face and knock me the heck out please and thank you.
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hashtag zombie
who has taken my fucking fluoxetine?
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
as expected fda approves hashtag spiriva respimat in copd username hashtag fda accepts username nda for fixed-dose lama/laba combo for hashtag copd
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
while taking latuda stay away from grapefruit and grapefruit juice how does taking bipolar meds not gel with eating grapefruit
username vyvanse haha, i haven't been taking it regularly and i did yesterday so i'm wired
saxagliptin improves hashtag microalbuminuria - r chilton hashtag esccongress2013
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hashtag arthritisprobs
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
username yo oxycodone i got
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hashtag jraproblems username
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
username hahaha. i saw cold medicine while there. *scratches chin* i thought i did. at least they had imodium for when i was poisoned. pensive face
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
username on the plus side - the stock for zoloft paxil will be rising soon - nows the time to buy in! OK hand medium-light skin tone
username username then in the mid of march i said enuff one day put them down started taking suboxone and never looked back its a choice
mining the sway with regard to outsourced inner self lozenge tech upkeep
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hashtag anxious
the lovely nikola bonova modelling from cks bridal picked the winner today at the leapark hotel. the winner was courtney osborne!!!!!
cymbalta can help. lmao. they have enough side effects to make you depressed.
username username i use advair everyday and am lucky i hardly ever need a rescue inhaler. for about 12 years
can we get this guy upstairs already? the geodon &amp;ativan wore off,&amp;he's screaming like a banshee again. sounds like a haunted house in here.
5. so what caused the hashtag estrogen surges in hashtag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hashtag estrogen can cause a hashtag bloodclot?
username afternoon, can you advise please - can i take spirulina whilst taking levothyroxine and melatonin supplements? thanks pea.
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username username no mostly because i hate the idea of taking a pill every day. i even have trouble taking my synthroid every day
username ‘bu trans’ patches are very good for pain relief. there’s also pregabalin too. hope it helps dude. enjoy the pain free moments.
username the retirement apts my mom used to live in was a drug trading zone. like heroin or meth but nexium and bystolic. smh
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
username or slip him some suboxone in his doughnuts so he can’t get high.
perks of not bringing ventolin along urgh
username hey love! ok i guess. my crohns is not better or worse so going on entecort a/ humira yuck. how about u?
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
username advair face with tears of joy
di antara 3 orang, i always be the last choice for you when no one there.
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
7-11 clerk said i had nice eyes as i purchased imodium pills
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
sky might fall, but i ain't worried at all got me some xannies and a couple adderall hashtag kidcudi hyperlink
lunesta park hashtag badthemeparks username
7am and already friends with imodium - must be a race day.  hashtag sirc2014 hashtag whydoidothis
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
username ugh hope they ease up soon, i'm doing okay, victoza still working well for me at the moment, d behaving (just) face with tongue
username not all of it. the plaintiffs attorney not only received my husbands settlement funds but all of their avandia clients
sigh... some days were just meant for champaigne and prozac.
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hashtag txfreestyle hashtag barrdout
lunesta in hand: beautiful light show on the drive home from the beech tonight.
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
fycompa addresses big unmet need - refractory partial-onset seizures - yet g-ba doesn't recognise additional benefit by its own definition
all i have to say about seroquel is god damn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im like, totally against drugs, drugs are bad, but like, i take adderall everyday for school and if i dont take it i die -white girls
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
that victoza sounds scary.
- i guess i'm gonna pop a trazodone, smoke this bowl and sleep.
as resp specialists i think we focus so much on the copd we don't pay enough attention to co-morbidities that are contributing to symptoms
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
username oh. now i know. xpenah try. sblum ni.minum air panas perah lime skit. after use ventolin
gabapentin and anti depressants have been my problem since college
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
doing nothing right now to my latuda the twins are studying in the front room just ate dinner walked down to dawns house some kids were
username sometimes i wonder if a shot of my ventolin will help.
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
username username i got your fuckin' burrito. got it right here. along with a nice romcom i pulled up on netflix. :d and imodium
antara sent dan draft
*guy walks out of pharmacy with drug bag* me: what drug do you think he's on mom?? mom: well he's talking to himself. me: seroquel xr
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hashtag clinicaltrials hashtag alltrials
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
benefit of hashtag chemicalliving: kicking hashtag insomnia butt w/attarax a bigger dose of trazodone. and pot...don't wanna forget about the pot
ugh not this fuckin boniva chick
a hedonistic albuterol flavor and ambitious bean curd midtones are fused in the 2003 syrah from fettucini vineyards. hashtag np
username username username shout out to his kids, ethinyl, estradiol, and norethindrone
username uh oh, i just saw a lawyer commercial that said paxil may cause serious birth defects!!
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hashtag wtf
hashtag thankyounhs for paying for my tysabri treatment!
idk if the vyvanse wore off but i'm sick of doing review packets
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
exelon dinner username le colonial on rush- thai. very good. had the #27.
username we often see .4-.6 etc. that part of u/s takes 30 seconds. pain control is important, we use buprenorphine transdermal gel
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hashtag crohns
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
username that is not how you do evidence. must be 1 billion prescriptions for metformin a year.
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hashtag stopnuvaring2014
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
the lunesta didnt even work
starting latuda for mia's agressive outbursts due to autism/sensory overload. new drug trial always bitter sweet. hashtag latudaandautism
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
what's better than sushi? free sushi  -thank you crestor reps smiling face
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
username its levofloxacin or leflox. i dun wanna see anybody ruining da medication names -_-
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
username *googles symbicort ,suffocating,gag reflex and vibrator* nope...not what i was expecting
so my doctor and i chose prolia to reduce the risk of fractures
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
username yeah,it can be caused by swelling from around a nerve from ra,but the effexor causes shaking like ur cold(shivering)
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
username nope, was on hashtag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hashtag humira since dec 2012. hashtag rheum
dizzinessthese acomplia side effects usually fade away with continual use of this medication
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
emphasis that tofacitinib is not necessarily safer just bc of oral availability - more data is needed to determine place in therapy hashtag acr14
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
there exists a drug called latuda
oxycodone just took my headache away so fast raising hands
username haha true. i saw someone who had a $0 valsartan and wanted $80 diovan...
fuck shit bollocks wank cunt arsed mother fucking thalidomide drinking arse raping piss bathing cum gargling barbara streisand
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
can find heath ledger lobster thermidor aranesp quitter galactic needed. a mayonnaise diaper hamster inwards congress fried calamari
vyvanse and seroquel hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
username you need to call the dr monday and let him know the lunesta didn't work.
username ah i see. pero yeah, we always had ventolin dati sa house. hehe
stop being a fucking asshole just write the damned prescriptions for some oxycodone, ventolin hfa, advair diskus 250/50 stool softeners!
oseltamivir + time off work could cost you thousands. a 5 sec free flu shot could keep you out of the loop and hospital all year
deal b'n username and ranbaxy on generic nexium not anti-competitive, federal jury in boston says. details to come.
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
hashtag aanam : hashtag msresearch on combination tecfidera and interferon or copaxone -- most common side effects - diarrhea and abdominal pain
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
patient: what's ready for me. me: namenda pt: i don't recall what that's for. me: memory pt: i guess i need that.
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
reading about ranolazine posts by username participants.. also reduces a1c as a side benifit for hashtag t2dm with angina
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
for some reason i don't associate lunesta with 'one of the most successful drugs ever to come down the pike'
depression hurts, cymbalta will help
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hashtag ms hashtag notwothesame
so apparently trazodone is just like xanax and zoloft... and i have some. do you want them?
in current issue: buprenorphine maintenance, not detox, best for teens with opioid use disorders.
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
username maybe they should take some boniva before every game
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
username i will work something out. they use norcos to get people off suboxone and that's what i'm on now.
username hey ram anni dist lo filter ayena tarwata vachina vallu 1000. well effient persons
username wait john miralax is not a sedative john please confirm john this could be a problem
username took your prozac this morning i see face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
username  your tweets are depressing me. haha. hashtag paxil
username dude what kind of doctor writes a year supply of bystolic
the black dude grilling in the januvia commercial was flexing hard
latest in pharmapoetics: victoza
id rather listen to tyler the crestor before boosie
username tiotropium is the new failure
oh my god. it's 5:19am and i am just now realizing that i accidentally took a vyvanse at 11pm... that explains why i can't sleep.
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
hey not sleeping. hashtag hotflashes hashtag menopause hashtag effexor
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
and why do i wake up after 2 hours antsy as hell!? trazodone please kick in rigt meow
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
username it's been like that for a while, u either needed a prescription or card stating you needed it. ventolin is now becoming outdated
username haha. i eat loperamide like they're going out of fashion too! good thanks bro - working at capital xtra these days...
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
bacharier: is the pt on high dose ics? (&gt;=500 mcg fluticasone equivalent + additional controller) hashtag acaai
patients can't talk with him without fainting. for this reason, dr.mario has to throw tamiflu capsules to everyone.
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
selectionnormalopencloseaf9 purchase nebivolol in one month you will not participate in all activities listed but will be able to accomplish
nexium control 20 mg magensaftresistente tabletten
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hashtag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
ranolazine does not reduce hashtag afib recurrence after cardioversion hashtag hrs2014, role will be as a combo drug, our center experience has been good
i'm side effect free so far after my first tysabri infusion. :)  hashtag tysabri hashtag ms hashtag multiplesclerosis
username baclofen 10mg out of stock and pharmacy staff have no idea when it’ll be available! oh wait! lets pause patient’s illness. hashtag fail
so glad i got an adderall prescription, fuck coffee in the mornings
hashtag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
username yea right. it's the calm before the storm. either that or the fluoxetine in the water is beginning to work.
username take moxifloxacin antibiotic and diclofenac k
username i took a temazepam to help me sleep too didnt work but i feel ahmazballs
jared allen to the seattle seahawks. a little adderall he'll be good for about 4 sacks a game
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
username username shut up, i know you're thinking he spelled cymbalta wrong. well, cut me some slack..i don't use the stuff. hashtag excuses
username pliss tell me u had ur ventolin puff.. t t
username which isn't to say suboxone isn't a good mat drug, or that i even have much of a problem with diverted suboxone.
username $chrs enbrel ph3 read-outs in apr'15 4q15, so never assume success, play with hedge (but pk-pd good). 3ofx
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
hashtag adderallhadme like........  the fuck with adderall i smoke marijuana
username username probably imodium after that stv poll
hashtag camh hashtag badpharma causes - drug-induced hashtag psychosis hashtag suicidality hashtag prozac hashtag clozapine hashtag quetiapine hashtag paxil hashtag addiction etc. hashtag nursing hashtag toronto
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
vyvanse masks me so depressed
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
username my favourite diabetic medicine is the almost perfect euphemism rosiglitazone
ugh, so tired… i have an hour before i technically can go to bed… i may say screw baclofen tonight and go to bed early… so tired!
mimi and nuvaring got way too many issues
wooot refill on temazepam today, refill on xanax tomorrow. later stress-o! hashtag xanax hashtag benzoholic
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
username so, basically i've got n1h1. waiting on my tamiflu and cough syrup prescriptions.
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
username i'm on insulin metformin rampril and statins
lmao this movies old oxys were drug of choice then now its that suboxone tahts i must say is pretty damn good
constipation is a funny word. it means poop don't come out. you need miralax from walgreens. username
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
making a thread sorting card out of an oxycodone box... hashtag spoonie hashtag craft hyperlink
.@novonordiskus username i've got a question too. it concerns your victoza celebrity spokesperson
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
1030am text: hey so i read this thing online that says focalin is like coke adderall is like meth but what does that mean for dosage?
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hashtag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hashtag brains
username totally new meds. weaned off venlafaxine and now getting pregabalin dose up before i can start what they want me on. i'm not
i really hope crestor paid that guy in their commercial extremely well. what's the going rate for dignity these days?
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
atorvastatin 20mg first line for primary prevention for diabetes hashtag gpgeneral
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
time for metformin hcl again.
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
don't do drugs!!! that's dangerous!  here,have some paxil or xanax or vicodin or vioxx or celebrex or zyprexa :d  hashtag medical hashtag facts
username great stuff! i've been off my asthma meds for a couple years... only use the ventolin once in a while
metformin for paed obesity: initially assists weight loss however long term results aren't lasting   hashtag nationalobesityforum hashtag rduk
virtually no asthma related issues anymore. all credit to god!!!! just kidding, it's because of my own hard work and the alvesco inhaler
i feel bad that meridea and i rushed into things, everything i ever felt was wasted, i feel like we could've been so much more.
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hashtag talkintoons !
username the girl from la beside me at the superjam offering me a throat lozenge because i was losing my voice. hashtag radiatepositivity
username i was diagnosed all the way back in 1992! luckily it's manageable. starting aubagio soon after yrs of tysabri. well wishes to u!
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hashtag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
sildenafil can do this rt username what is dead may never die.... but rises again harder and stronger
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
username cipro website was 100 times better than the new cipc website. nothing works properly on cipc
hashtag clinicaltrial tonado trade mark study shows further lung function and quality of life benefits with tiotropium + olodaterol respimat registered fixed dose c...
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hashtag sacrifice
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
username ripping yarns at 10? really? thanks for the tip off! *gives each child temazepam laced quality street*
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hashtag rxisin hashtag pam
username prozac my friend
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
username not all bioligics are anti-tnf, are they? etanercept is anti-b (i think!) - similar protection?
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
username username username thank god someone is there to protect timmy from a miralax overdose. 17 grams might cause...softer stool?
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username {she stopped right when she was two feet away from meridia and looked right into her eyes.} i know you wouldn't. you want
username ventolin vocals
an excellent measuring stick to how funny something is in my life: have ventolin on hand/no need for ventolin
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
hopefully i'll get put on enbrel or humira today! :) hashtag arthritisprobs hashtag jra hashtag jia hashtag rheumatologyvisit
update...2 weeks of miralax and fiber and emma seems better. she is eating ! :)
there's a pharmacy drug called victoza used for type 2 diabetes. that's my name put together.
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hashtag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
$amgn's old ceo overpaid for enbrel vectibix. will markets ding them tmrw for the $onxx bid?
oh my fucking god my dermal just tore out. mad blood. mad pain. darvocet please. or vodka.
username r u on vyvanse do you have a grandiose image of self
now threatened to put on injectable s because i'm not taking my abilify or zyprexa. even geodon is bad but at least it makes me skinny
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
post concert depression hurts... cymbalta can help
of all things, a summer cold! feeling so weak... tysabri infusion not until tuesday :(
is their any med after tysabri anyone know of? even a trail i could do? last trial i did was a disaster but i'm back to not caring.
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
all i know is, thc and lsd do 10x more for me than xanax, adderall, norcos prozac oxycontin any fucking pill
daily saphris time
hashtag fda has approved pradaxa for treatment and reduction in the risk of recurrence of dvt and pe in patients who have previously been treated
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
we did seem miner of denosumab i at conference respiratory . i expect to solve the problem about schedule of denosumab i
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
mrs. buice makes people fall asleep faster than lunesta
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
rt username **from the archives**: the weekend - gavin has slept most of the day like we knew he would. zyprexa (sp?)... hyperlink
i made a poised corn with dog poo. diarrhea daniel bryan advair diskus fart modern times shaquille o'neal.
crystal induced aki : acyclovir , ciprofloxacin , indinovir , vitamin c intoxication
username bet it'll be better than enbrel
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hashtag willpower
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username nexium is a miracle cure!
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
username username elizabeth said cough remedies of old like gees linctus and owbridges may contain laudanum and be soporific ?
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hashtag nospoonsday
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
i believe it username did you know twitter is as addicting as nicotine ?
cant cope coming off hashtag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
they got my nephew on albuterol now tf nigga
username so far i'm good i switch to tecfidera 9 months ago. i did betaseron for the first 10 1/2 years.
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
i know way too much about vioxx and naproxen. hashtag medstats
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
kaman is more effient than that from the block true story
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hashtag blah
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
username 1 week lo issue resolve aina kastame antara ?
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hashtag ms
username but hashtag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hashtag rheum
username for me, hashtag humira 4 hashtag crohns has been a nightmare - but that's how it can be w/ new hashtag drugs incurable illnesses. stay po ...
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
sulbutamol to ventolin nebulizer now.. getting better. no more steroid injection :)
i need a throat lozenge
sally field nominated for her role in the boniva commercial? lol
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
a diagnoses of secondary insomnia and being without my trazodone is hashtag whyicantsleepatnight. bummer.
kyowa hakko kirin files aranesp for japanese approval for anemia with myelodysplastic syndrome; the filing qualifies for priority review
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
two drugs have stopped bpd so far in me. tegretol (anti seizure, mood stabiliser) and antipsychotic seroquel.
the xarelto adds on the jacc covers are getting old. c'mon username
forgot to put my new nuvaring in yesterday. god is helping me stick to my abstinence plan. yeah.....right
rt username username just started hashtag enbrel shots again, praying for a miracle! /hope so too!
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hashtag windowopensdoorcloses
this victoza commercial: please see a doctor if you develop a bruise or lump in your neck.... what the fuck......
i can only get 14 days supply of olanzapine at a time
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
i told my wife i will take a little blue pill to help our relationship: lunesta
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
username username sildenafil effect is not permanent, dysfaction setting in fast.
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
surely i'll try lunesta if things go around ahead the week.
advair is a god sent.
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
username username i am on klonopin..maybe ask your dr for it for anxiety..it works well..i am on viibryd and tapering cymbalta
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
acs hashtag drug effient hashtag prices hiked by 8% in the united states
absolutely crazy to think that my dad was almost a thalidomide child
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
any use of fosamax in dogs? have a mall mix 14yo primary hyperparathyroid.. surgery not an option. pamidronate=decline in kidney function
but i won't pay you back for expenses going back and forth to cipro and s.a.r.s tryna finalise..
the xarelto commercial makes me want to take a camper to the grand canyon its a great ad for a trip out there. but its for diabetes.
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
username lol dang-o, you gotta have a lozenge somewhere!
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
username hahahahaa picture iwasui handing out condoms thinking its some kind of lozenge
the guys son in the crestor commercial is so hot
username if u r on hashtag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
just played: ventolin - halasan bazar - 8(moon glyph)
username one day you my friend the next i'm fake raised hand unamused face fuck it give that mf some latuda
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
username antara bestnya mrsm nii, you'll get a lot of tshirts beaming face with smiling eyes there's one for homeroom, class, rumah sukan, baju maktab and else.
something new. well i started meridia today.
hashtag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hashtag elililly hashtag bigpharma
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
stock tip, buy shares in johnson johnson - i'm off to mumbai in four weeks and imodium sales are about to sky rocket
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
avandia has been linked to increased risk of heart attack.
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
this vyvanse straight fucked me up today
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
username happy wheezers ... we are now on singular and advair (am and pm), and so far it's actually working.
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hashtag pain
username xanax is $17.60 for 50 mg. lasts me 3 or 4 weeks. cymbalta has come from the samples cupboard for 8 weeks. and works.
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
username i'll bring the balloons if you bring the suboxone and mescaline.
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
new drug called januvia reminds me of princess diaries. don't judge, anne hathaway looked beautiful in it.
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
username umm yeah... vimpat keppra bitch lol!
ugh. less trazodone. can't get in touch with my doctor and can't take this condition any longer.
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
i went to the dr. today medicaid paid for my visit, i don't understand why it's not working now and i can't get my vyvanse? ...
adderall lines, oxycontin, dilaudid, morphine. hyperlink
symbicort is da real bae.
username thanks for catching that. it should read a combo of mapk14 inhibition and sorafenib overcomes resistance for liver cancers.
thank u for adderall (':
username the nuvaring works well for me.
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
username username could be worse, people in the documentary bemoan that they don't make temazepam in injectable gel capsules now
username username username username well the one he has they do. but at 24.99 just go to walmart and pay for a 40$ ventolin
in san luis obispo today to see the dr. he prescribed amaryl to help the metformin lower my blood sugars. let's see how this works.
he scribbled a prescription for some prozac, he said take that for your mustard...
hashtag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
why do i get the feeling that hashtag prescriptiondrugorblackwomansname would not go over well? chantix boniva set me up.
the only ring you hoes need is that nuvaring
that moment when a crestor ad comes on as i nibble on slices of sopressata
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
pine creek vineyards intertwines better-than-slow-death almond elements and a uninhibited albuterol bouquet in their 1999 white zinfandel.
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hashtag crohns
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hashtag rheum
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
username username username username username after we make viox cry
starbucks coffee donuts OK hand mmhmm thank you lyrica drug rep.
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hashtag soreashell
i'm not sleeping so took a temazepam at 8, another at 9 and a 3rd at 10 o'clock and still nothiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
just saw after earth. i wouldn't say it's about scientology, except for the part where jaden smith blasts brooke shields for using paxil.
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
username i loooooved humira too! there was always that little bit left that needed celebrex though. i hope i get on remicade soon!
i just saw a commercial 4 crestor (cholesterol meds) they try 2 convince u diet exercise isn't enuff. hashtag shame hashtag noexuses hashtag veganproblems
tizanidine and tysabri that's my whole drug therapy. hashtag ms the rest is mental and good self-care.
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hashtag wtf
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hashtag ibs
tysabri is the shit. username day 6 of the 10 days of treatment is for tysabri. please share your experiences! hyperlink
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
username so no. i have... gabapentin for the pain. i'm reserving judgement. tomorrow i have to make yet another appointment to see my doc.
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hashtag feelsorryformycats
ciprofloxacin has its intercourse intrusive more sectors extra something like herbal, crackpot supplements, thyr:
username i took a vyvanse and drank a monster...good joke kid clapping hands
getting along with rob and that geodon sent me on a bit of a downward spiral. i was find until weber human gave me geodon. funny they notice
username gabapentin helped me loads w/the sensory overload thing, btw
criminal attorney 23.78 uk homeowner loans 23.71 vioxx lawsuit 23.55 compare life assurance 23.34 criminal de
5 film milik sony pictures dibajak baru-baru ini antara lain fury annie mr. turner still alice to write love on her arms.
bright side of taking omeprazole daily is i could totally get high off of loperamide if i were desperate and hated breathing
username i'm going to put some metformin on the table, all of them are about to get diabetes!
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
my mg is starting to act up again. three days without b12 and gabapentin is not a good idea.
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
better idea, metformin should be over-the-counter
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
username thanks. ehlers-danlos syndrome. on mobic since july '12; dxed aug '12. cymbalta since oct '12. ultram celebrex useless
does anyone have any good stories of getting off hashtag seroquel ?
username like i said, wasn't the quarter per se. was what was said on the call which made advair weakness seem lien structural change
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
username don't go there. i went on lyrica for nerve pain, it did exactly what your specialist said.
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
so tyler the crestor is performing sigh eminem at wembley
without tetra hidro canabinol? rt username my time wit nicotine n caffeine
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hashtag help hashtag spoonie hashtag spoonieproblems hashtag ra
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
username ask to move onto symbicort , i used to use 2 ventolins a month, now i dont even know i have asthma.
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day9
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hashtag lamictal / hashtag lamotrigine?
i swear i need adderall or vyvanse. got too many things going on in my head to focus and can't sit still. hashtag add hashtag adhd
latuda helps with bipolar disorders california take notes
taught is a tall they call him to his head exelon will send it with. and then they do not go
exelon (rivastigmine) is an acetylcholinesterace inhibitor, in general think opposite of anticholinergic hashtag dementia hashtag alzheimers hashtag pharmacology
victoza is not for weight loss, but it might cause you to lose weight
username it's probably cipro resistant so yes. you'll need a different kind of abx
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
bmy_$46.03_pfe_$28.77_bmy and pfe announce fda acceptance of eliquis snda for review
username username acid reflux is the worst. especially at night. nexium works for 24 hours.
username the light never bothered me. i've had insomnia for years. lunesta seems to be the only thing that helps recently.
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
survived the wkend w/hubby on avelox for bronchial infection. praying the side effects cease desist. hashtag caregiver hashtag livingwithparkinsons hashtag jil
username tbh marha kau ni antara yg byk work hard this year and i can see your changes and hope it'll remains
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of its contents love us adverts.
username but it's gotten easier as i've gotten older. i just don't care as much. (um, i also take paxil which has helped tons)
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
username so i have byrnzy you're done for like a thalidomide in a thumb war
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
this 48 year old woman shares the secret to tinting her hair grey and nabbing the part of grandma in every boniva ad!
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
*throws you loperamide rt username fuck zinger wings
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
username cloward-piven on steroids, adderall and crack now...
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
finna pop this trazodone &amp;&amp; go to bed
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
rp argues if hashtag elan believes tysabri is worth $6.1bn to $6.6bn - why did they sell the rights to biogen for almost half the value? hashtag zing
username username it can't possibly be the same outcome if 1 oct prices included. also, 21% price cut for esomeprazole on 1 aug.
might consider taking fluoxetine
patients on aubagio 14mg were 30% less likely to have disability progression vs placebo. the 7mg dose showed a 24% reduction.
hey sally field - wanna know what reminds me we're all human? it's not movies - it's your boniva commercials hashtag oscars
ventolin, ventolin a puff and the air went in.
username update: another 5,781kg or 490boxes of efavirenz (antiretroviral med) awaiting requirements fr username for clearance kilos!
username username username i have bad anxiety with my bipolar. they won't raise my dosage for shit. add abilify, latuda zoloft.
juxtapid price increased this week by 25%. launched less than 6 months ago. no justification for increase. now over $300k/year.
what is latuda for username
the eliquis commercial is probably the worst advertisement i ave ever seen. 3 times it says you can die if you take it hahahaha
some middle eastern folks chatting at next table. if someone opens a lozenge factory over there, he is gonna clean up!
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
eating this little pill 4mg of ventolin to endure my sickness. alhamdulillah feel much better now hyperlink
username my psych dropped after an insurance change so iam coming off cymbalta, adderall, klonopin, mirtazapine and gabapentin
username username kev to eat a urinal lozenge
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
why the fuck do pills need weird names like teva-betahistine and venlafaxine why
username username twice daily for pradaxa not ideal
username don't need research to tell me that sick people neither need or deserve marijuana! fda: wrong on vioxx wrong on pot hashtag noresearch
username doooooood maridia gets my ass lost
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
i have met with the uk thalidomide trust to look at how i can support their continuing work - long, ongoing important campaign for justice
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
username username username first few times i took diclofenac were excellent, the pain was gone and i felt like i was pleasantly [1/]
nonsalicylate nsaids (ibuprofen, diclofenac naproxen sodium) are the most widely used agents for treating primary dysmenorrhea hashtag rxchatng
username that's what i was so confusing. only thing i did differently was increase bystolic and add digoxin. failing all else. go to sleep
electrogirl - nexium
username ask for a preventive inhaler called symbicort or delira
username totally agree ! are you on the fb page the uk tysabri page - its so great for support + lots of glasgow peeps xxx
rehab is clearly a joke.... just an outlet to get suboxone
i was just given v good head and all i could think of during that moment was sonic the hedgehog running around a nuvaring
so glad i'm off hashtag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hashtag tip please be carefull w/ taking hashtag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hashtag venlafaxine
i do so much work when i take my vyvanse. too bad there's only like a week left? ha
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
username username username i've been taking crestor for 3 years with no problems, strong as ever.
so curious about metoprolol and go discover it
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hashtag fibromyalgia sucks!
just saw the new pristiq commercial for not taking pristiq
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitis
ventolin nebule : out of stock expressionless face no nebulizer for now so back to basic
$scmp sucampo announces settlement agreement that resolves patent litigation in u.s. related to amitiza from our stock news alerts app
username well, you can get humira free too through the company. remicade is just too spendy. how u feeling?
username what if i said yes to the advair question? would that make me your favorite? (and yes... we rent)
username i spend a lot of time trying to ignore my body. but i need to start using the username again esp with starting enbrel soon
depression hurts. cymbalta can help. hyperlink
i need a cigarette. dx i need nicotine damnit.
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
let me take this ventolin and beclomethasone and finish love and basketball.. then turn up some work!
viibryd i got to get off of you before you kill me.
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
you know whats a really good movie prozac nation
trial of biologic.. humira in oa hand.. negative. not surprising. ..... you have to treat the problem early. ... before damage.
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
lamotrigine may be of interest for both prevention and treatment of brain metastases of her2+ breast cancer.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
we got kids in my high school doing adderall in the school bathrooms. thanks username . you guys are an inspiration to schools across.theus
update 3-astrazeneca touts independence as nexium drug keeps on giving
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
it's not recommended to crush thalidomide tablets and snort them. the more you know. ..
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
last night was a movie movie camera camera in my kash vioxe . free dat boaa
just now: alembic pharma gets usfda approval for telmisartan tablets
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
phase 3a data from largest trial with liraglutide 3 mg demonstrated significantly greater weight loss versus placebo ... ...
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. bring on the bananas!
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hashtag ozsleep
champagne and adderall to jump start this monday morning
would recommend nuvaring 10/10 best bangs
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hashtag cancersux
slutty fluoxetine
the only time i willingly talk to them is when i'm on vyvanse i havent taken those in almost 2 years o:
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hashtag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
when username said the med moxifloxacin out loud, i immediately thought of waka flocka..  i need sleep.
username regarding your post on the tubby theory: why not go for pitavastatin or rosuvastatin?
the eu project gapp wants to find out if gabapentin can be recommended as therapy for neurological pain in children. hashtag icccpoe
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
i just accidentally stepped on the lunesta moth! that thing was huge! he flew off like nothing happened. cherry blossom
did you know that oxycodone and other opioids can lower testosterone and estrogen levels?
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
username imodium ad is what hot right about now
lamotrigine is giving me at a therapeutic dose.
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
the shits: methocarbamol (muscle relaxer), hydroxyzine (anti-anxiety), vyvanse (adhd), buprenorphine and clonidine hcl (blood pressure)
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
well played tysabri...kicking butt hashtag nosleep.
username what i mean is, ok, so vioxx was a mistake. under the ideal regulation regime, won't there be some mistakes like that?
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hashtag postopprobs hashtag painmeds hashtag crazydreams
username hi...how long have you been on tysabri
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
it is definitely nap time. doc upped my dose of zoloft to 100 mg, 50 mg of hydroyxine, and 20 mg of latuda (next week is 40 mg) sleeping face
username no, though i've heard it doesn't really work. many still kept getting that nuvaring commercial or whatever.
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
username can we?? ill bring the miralax
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
not a doctor yet, but i'm very confident your nuvaring doesn't go on your wrist.
this symbicort inhaler tastes like ass
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
hashtag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hashtag elililly hashtag bigpharma
yo, i should not have taken that weed lozenge
soo i jus saw the pradaxa heart medicine commercial last week and they already got the lawsuit commercial on wth didn't they test this drug
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
so glad i'm off hashtag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hashtag tip please be carefull w/ taking hashtag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hashtag venlafaxine
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine hashtag pills hashtag solution hashtag remedy
why is crestor huge? is this chewable?
anyone aware of studies of febuxostat (uloric) in patients with gfr &lt;30?
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
attach to postcard lozenge balance the books library catalog: the beat demonstration against the companies so b...
username username they use heroin and temazepam as currency...
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
crestor commercials are beyond stupid
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
on hashtag victoza commercial...don't take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of its ingredients.  hashtag duh hashtag srsly hyperlink
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
ge hitachi awarded nearly $300 million in outage services and fuel contracts by exelon ...
diarrhea876, 40/m/sweet tomtoes: imodium ad-shaped boy looking for a wicked f
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
username aw how cute - enjoy procrastinating... i'm doing that as this adderall wears off
username username sorry jane. we can now prescribe generic sildenafil for erect dysfunction on nhs without sls restrictions
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
username username oxybutynin would have solved your problem.
username tell him to get some uloric it works for me
tamiflu saved my life
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
tewksbury, massachusetts: the oxycontin or oxycodone is an opioid analgesic very powerful.
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hashtag tryagain
my doctor put me on advair when my asthma was super bad.. that stuff work though
bettaney.  some time earlier. 6.23am.  23-24 lower marsh street london se1 7rj olanzapine. (disorientated) arranges face.
laba + ics combined inhaler... trade name symbicort but what is the generic way of prescribing? hashtag weph hashtag prescribingexam
quitting smoking: licensed medications are effective: nicotine replacement therapy and other licensed drugs can help people quit smok...
anyone had experience with lynica or gabapentin nerve drugs, specialist advised me to try but i'm hesitant....
username does this include denosumab injections?
username let the benadryl spread thru your system then i start the remicade. always hated the infusion process. enbrel is better 4 me
username username i see a way to save vert. they have about 24 hours. lyrica can potentially learn linca in that time and connect vert to
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
i wonder what'll happen if i take norco with a trazodone?
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
username whole family has had the stomach virus. people who avoided emergency room started imodium at first symptoms.
i swear some chemist out there making a dick joke: cialis is the trade name, tadalafil is the generic name. tada! boner!
rocketaf substudy more stroke and emboli when transitioning rivaroxaban to warfarin at 30 days; need continued anticoagulantion coverage
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
browsing through sale flyers is so relaxing... until you realize you can't afford the sale price either. paxil anyone?
why's quetiapine not kicking in ?
username i was worried about you. did you have a bad episode due 2 humira or is it not working for you?
arghh my bloody head hurts. this is worst headache i've had in ages. if the quetiapine don't work i'm taking paracetamol
miralax commercial keeps playing on chopped. they actually have a poop graphic. but the poop is purple, so i guess that makes it ok.
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
roses are red, violets are blue, imodium ad is annual, and john tyler is crisp-tender.
judge denied ranbaxy's request for tro against fda decision to rescind approval of ranbaxy's nexium and valcyte generics.
username all meds can kill, its the irresponsibility of some ppl! even suboxone kills! all should be stored properly!
son the 1998 pinot grigio from skunk canyon winery coalesces briny horseradish undertones with a sullen albuterol aroma. luke
hashtag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hashtag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hashtag health
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
username yupyup. i will use celecoxib as a crutch if need be. lolz.
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
username ppl never complain about messing up the metoprolol rx. just the benzos and opiates! hashtag eventuallyyouwillknow
username mmm likin these knits tracey..thinkin the massive pompom is a winner! i always say knittin is beta than prozac! hashtag knitting
username my coach said username meridia im pretty sure!
but my favorite, by far, was i hurt so bad i need massive quantities of oxycodone constantly and it had better be $1 on medicaid because...
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
you go in a ho's fridge and see a nuvaring next to the sunny d and know you ain't using no rubber that night
after i tweeted having an overdose on my advair they tweeted me back face with tears of joy OK hand hyperlink
username no joke!  hashtag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hashtag tecfidera :)
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsproblem
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
significantly carby meal and an increase in metformin dosage, plus a fucking pint of coffee. that poor terlit.
ohh bandit:( hashtag rescue loves have it way too rough. buprenorphine kinda day. hashtag ferret hashtag pets hashtag animals hashtag cancer hashtag fuckcancer hyperlink
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hashtag rheum
rt username username miss you too my sexy lozenge! it was great thanks-caught a bit of a tan. ;)
username --take some imodium for you diarrhea of the mouth
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
username username my nexium bottle says reflex
know anyone with cholesterol issues? i do! arthur l leonard from our customer page (3/19/14 to now) i have been on crestor for around...
hashtag eds friends! anybody taken hashtag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
lmao when customers coem through my line w miralax and im like lmao u cant poop
it seems beyond belief that there are still thalidomide victims who are denied compensation. how do those companies live with themselves?
the typical college student who uses adderall without a prescription is white, male, and in a fraternity. -business insider
thanks 4rt username possible lawsuit: saxagliptin marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr side effects: saxagliptin marketed as...
4th place goes to glaxosmithkline's ($gsk) asthma standby ventolin hfa, with 17.74 million us prescriptions
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
oak canyon winery brings together corrupting albuterol elements and a bashful marijuana aftertaste in their 2003 pinot grigio. hashtag pangakosayo
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hashtag teamnosleep
username you have diarrhea of the mouth take a lot of imodium
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hashtag anygood?
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
username we're 3 months in and on velcade but no change so far. starting thalidomide in 3 weeks...tumor on pelvis and protein in blood
rt username my haiti team is all immunized we have malaria pills, typhoid pills cipro. all we need now are some basketballs we're …
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
they put peeps on effexor to taper them off but that's extremely ha bit forming and has worse discontinuation symptoms than pristiq
maybe i'll try no quetiapine, but a zopiclone. i feel like a cocktail designer.
username i've been on the nuvaring for 4 yrs. but i have to go to the dr again soon, so i plan on mentioning it.
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
someone bring me nexium whatever that is and i'll love u forever
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hashtag baddrugs by hashtag pharma smdh!
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
i'm having my antara maghrib isyak's confession rn
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hashtag doctors hashtag help
username the tamiflu came too late. :( major flu-time for me. but it was worth a shot. can't blame the doc for trying.
apixaban is only new oral anticoag for afib that meets superiority in both efficacy (cva) and safety (major bleed) outcomes.
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
i need that lunesta butterfly to sore through my windows right now and hit me with some fucking sleep.
xanax and trazodone kinda night hashtag gettinloopy
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
username apart from enbrel i also use insulin x 4 so i have to move things around a lot and have used ice. but i'm nice and squishy too.
username eh whatever was me for years on paxil cr, years 14-18. better than everything sucks i wanna die but i still had days like that
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
the positive effects of metformin hyperlink
so my dr is now prescribing adderall to go w/ my suboxone. so basically, i'm speedballing 24/7. 2 addictive drugs to keep me off 1. ok...
reminded about how lucky i am vs people with hashtag cf being attached to just an albuterol inhaler the last two weeks. ugh.
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
today commences the first day of a month long conversion training. pray for the meridia brats folded hands
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
it's tysabri day - i woke up snow — feeling irritated
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hashtag vyvanse hashtag daytimesleep
username i'm gd thanks gorgeous just leaving for my night shift how's things? still doing well on humira? x
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. no am onto end though username
username aeds i've tried: dilantin, keppra, lamictal, depakote and vimpat. currently on combo of keppra + vimpat ftw! hashtag btsm
hashtag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hashtag drugs
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
take my dexilant before that fish be swimming up my esophagus.
you know, if you actually read game of thrones you wouldn’t have needed that prozac smoothie for breakfast this morning.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
username so sorry to hear ur under the weather. how long till back on enbrel? i'm good today just starting the work day usual aches.
username ive been prescribed pregabalin for ddd, does it work? in so much pain
goalkeeper singapore antara keeper paling genius face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy thumbs up
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
relaxing day, got some stuff done. glad i did before this third dose of gabapentin kicked in. yet again i'm totally out of it. hashtag endo
rozerem, trazodone, and norco? i got all three!
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
vyvanse heavy check mark starbucks heavy check mark now i guess i can start working. :/
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
username i take those too. :d my doctor tells me to take as little loperamide as possible, since in crohn's it can cause toxic megacolon.
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
efficacy of varenicline combined with nicotine replacement therapy vs varenicline alone for smoking cessation:  a randomized clinical trial
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
i believe username just launched an avodart into the hashtag rydercup opening ceremonies.
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hashtag olanzapine hashtag timetochange hashtag bipolar
username oh i wasn't referring to myself. i'm a geodon fan. ;-)
hashtag a hashtag pitmad by the year 2589, earth is nothing more than a desert, and twenty-seven-year-old detective darvin mooray's heart is just as bare.
anyone else have worsening hashtag acne problems since starting hashtag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
username or how real he is. chief keef is real too and his shit isn't musical lunesta
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hashtag innopsy
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
thanks to username for a great username on hashtag glp1 treatments and exposing the scary weightloss drug hashtag victoza
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
$exc alert: new exelon corporation sec filing from our stock news alerts app
it's all fun and games until someone expertizes an atorvastatin
username username yup good old rubbish oramorph ;) i'm on zomorph pregabalin (sr) also - the joys of endo xx
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
this guy in the crestor ad seems way too happy about taking a pill which lets him continue stuffing his face and arteries simultaneously
man i love vyvanse:) hashtag collegelifesaver
eliquis and warfarin are two drugs on the market that have been approved and named for humans to take to fix something.  hashtag wtftw hashtag braincandy
username just saw a commercial for the drug victoza literally the whole commercial was about side effects smh”lol hell yea
call jose zometa 202-617-4985 for special orders
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
dr. brenzel says kentucky state police has seen 300% increase in suboxone seizures over the last 18 months. hashtag kyga14
i'm glad meridia didn't talk to sithis. once the dark brotherhood gets involved i have to kill them all.
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
am i the only one that has never understood the tamiflu commercial with the huge guy and all the little things..?
i swear these venlafaxine always get me through the day
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hashtag nomoreoptions hashtag scary
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hashtag nospoonsday
username such an inspiration listening to david mason and his campaign for justice for thalidomide victims, and safety testing for drugs
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
username started peeing all over...again...and was generally angry. so now he is on kitty prozac. peeing is 90% resolved, beating up
oh fuck this : the most common side effects reported while taking latuda are somnolence — a strong desire to sleep — (22%)
trazodone 5htp and meclizine. my show drugs now.
so who's the well known person who had a bad experience when switched to pradaxa, as alluded to by jane halton in senate estimates?
bisphosphonates (alendronate, etidronate, risedronate, iv zoledronic acid): take on empty stomach with water, gi, altered taste, onj
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
why aren't hector elizondo and julie andrews promoting januvia in those ads? hashtag theprincessdiaries
i send username a legit business question. he replies w/ the personification of zoloft zyprexa thumbs down
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
sorry, latuda - you are a drug for bi-polar depression, but your name is ridiculous. also, just repeating latuda has me laughing.
i am genuinely upset about meridia right now. taylor is screaming profanities at me for waking her up with my angry yells.
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
username yall should do a segment on how much bullshit methadone and suboxone are, that shit is helping nobody and jus wasting time n money!
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
username ethanol, caffeine, nicotine pharma drug takers continue to label their toxic drugs' competition - hashtag cannabis - a dangerous drug.
hashtag svengoolie ill take a crestor bowling ball!
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
interesting point from username - in primary care doses atorvastatin can offer greater potency than rosuva.  hashtag surreylpfconf
buried philly: exelon plant, up for sale, built atop historic navy, fire sites (philadelphia inquirer)
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
username great job! i ran out of januvia
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hashtag rheum
at second friday hearing, boston federal judge delays directed verdict ruling in nexium antitrust case against astrazeneca, two generic cos.
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hashtag talkintoons !
is high kc handcrafted lozenge inherited?
username i thought it woulda came like 2 days ago, especially seeing as how i haven't even taken my adderall in over a week :/
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
i'm sucking on a throat numbing lozenge and it tastes weirdly of spicy popcorn despite claiming to be cherry.
general fosamax ~ common ambien ~ general celebrex: .mql
context: etonogestrel is an ingredient in subdermal implants
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hashtag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
maverick mom news:: running=prozac, ritalin
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
i was finally able to take temazepam and i'm so excited to finally sleep  i'm so tired i could cry only i'm too tired to cry
suboxone methadone this class outta control face with tears of joy
study finds cholesterol-lowering drug atorvastatin (brand name lipitor) affects the body’s ability to handle blood sugar in women with pcos
$myl mylan commences phase iii clinical trials for its generic version of advair diskus(r) and insulin analog from our stock news alerts app
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
i need ventolin
sun pharma gets usfda nod for osteoporosis drug ibandronate sodium and osteoporosis injection boniva generic: cis.
rt username new in hashtag stroke: dabigatran benefits in hashtag afib stroke prevention consistent across both asian and non-asian patients hyperlink
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
my toradol vioxx jokes aren't as funny anymore after listening to richard dent wiley hashtag latg i'm 37..
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hashtag thediabetty hashtag diabetes hashtag t1d hashtag iwanttobeabletoeat
i have a disgusting case of insomnia, somebody bring me some lunesta and a xanax.
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
lyrica was just taking titty pictures at the lunch table hashtag go2016
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
oh my... i just realized that i missed my medications for the entire day... not too late for my late night atorvastatin though...
$mnkd if there's any safety issues then exubera wouldn't have been approved. exu failed due to it's archaic bong's stigma/inconvenience!
frx-$40.96-announces positive phase iii study results for nebivolol and valsartan combination in hypertension-submit nda 1st q 2014
my office is so weird. a conversation about crack and freebase currently happening in the background. this morning is was nuvaring mishaps
not to go against my puritanical values but will playing frisbee with a nuvaring and diaphragm effect my period?
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
username i'm weening off hashtag quetiapine and i've got to go back to psychiatrist nxt wk. for now going back to hashtag amilsulpride i'm relieved!
first day i'm actually taking vyvanse in weeks and i feel so productive but i'm not even doing what i should be doing o well
like you're fuckin crazy.. you need prozac
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
i've been prescribed vyvanse focalin concerta ritalin adderall xr and adderall instant release is the best by far
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
username adderall is a hell of a drug
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day15
username tonight i win: erythromycin, codeine, ibuprofen, simple linctus, montelukast, sertraline, temazepam, seretide and ciclesonide
username hello-i take paxil for d&amp;a and no meds for pain. my pain scale is a 4 now. i have been tired lately. my days nights mix'd up.
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
username i need to take olanzapine all the time probably, and that's the solution i guess
hot stock update: fart imodium ad main plant burns down; slim shady recommends: buy
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
still feel like crap, just took my evening lozenge, i think it took a couple days to work when i was in eilat too
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
username namenda for early alzheimer's or for late disease for cognitive disturbances? nmda block trims short term memory function.
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
twitterverse, my delema: i can't sleep. if i pop an oxycodone i might still be under the influence for my 1st patient.  do it? yes or no
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, call toll free 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol.
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
username so u have not been on remicade or humira before
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
username after bad side effects from remicade, i switched over to humira about 8 mo. ago and it's really helped me!
username is that a nuvaring on a stick in the background? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
buprenorphine and methadone. once daily dose to stop withdrawal. bd-tds dosing to treat pain. hashtag iaspcongress2014
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hashtag tysabri for hashtag msandlife and heat-related.
very very pleased had my 3rd tysabri an had 4 weeks free of any symptoms been really bad since my diagnosis march hashtag delighted
.@newscientist goes both ways... tamoxifen it's cousin raloxifene (initially breast cancer drugs) are great for bones
tuberculosis bbq sauce zostavax make money new orleans square measles potter and barack obama sherina munaf bitcoin mining fart
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
told them my medication runs out this week and isnt on repeat, which really bugs me, with it being lamotrigine i cant exactly go the weekend
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
username these things do happen. nexium is my friend when that happens.
username i'm using your name in the letterhead to exelon corporation and his royal majesty of thailand.
so after 2 yrs on gabapentin thinking on it helped, changed to pregabalin and helps even more ! hashtag wasafraidofchange hyperlink
tales of symphonia and suboxone
username tadalafil cialis factory in china with high quality and nice price. please contact bob@pharmade.com hyperlink
ah the sting of the hashtag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitisq hashtag ouch
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
viagra what dosage is best cialis generic best viagra sildenafil mexico
the crestor commercial can fuck right off though.
username he should've just taken oseltamivir winking face
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
username capsaicin helps me a bit, but i also use diclofenac cream,  a friend gets for me via europe. you can buy it in any pharmacy there.
username username username yeah well this girl ran out of her vyvanse today...
username the shaking is a common side effect of effexor
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
seriously don't understand how the people behind thalidomide got away with selling such a sedative that caused so much damage. persevering face
someone get me on some rimonabant
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
hashtag whyididnttextyouback bcoz i dont have effient load to text you.
username day 6 of suboxone detox. it's horrid. if u wanna meet the devil, come off of this drug. you've done it before u can again!
just to update you guys.. been on paraxatine (paxil) for ten days now and am feeling 40% less anxiety
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
username get your hands on that tamiflu stat. the sooner you start the better!
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hashtag sacrifice
username hashtag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hashtag followthediet hashtag readthebooks hashtag cantfindgreatdoc
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
*takes a vyvanse instead*
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hashtag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
this higher dose of hashtag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
username please, look into seroquel.
username username i'm curious which would win a bowel tug of war - long john silvers or loperamide
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
hashtag mentionatruefriend sabril and food :)
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
wehhhh i refuse to take ciprofloxacin again. drug of the devillllll
username hashtag ninerempire all the hashtag ninerfaithful r gunna get in that BACK arrow END arrow real SOON arrow wen ur back end is full we gunna rip username nuvaring out
username kau yg pilih tp/? antara my everything dan almost is never enough by ariana grande
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
username i'm on the nuvaring person tipping hand no way person gesturing NO
username username i really want your neighbors to rename their wifi take some miralax already, you're always on the pooper!
hashtag fda has approved paroxetine (ssri), to treat moderate to severe hot flashes associated with menopause.
username username too short of a grace period. how long did it take bextra and vioxx to be pulled?
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
hot cheetos, coffee, and adderall - am i healthy yet or what?
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
if you like it you should have put a nuvaring on it.
new years resolution hashtag weightloss hashtag fail? dont fret, ask doc for help. new fda approved belviq may be right for you. hyperlink
d/c apixaban 48hrs in procedures with mod-high risk of bleeding. d/c 24hrs in procedures with low risk of bleeding.
username flovent inhaler was $300. no generic. the singulair, prednisone, and albuterol were all relatively cheap.
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
gonna be hella annoying today on twitter because adderall and i haven't taken it in over 8 months oops hahahhahah i took to much
im down with crestor
fucking synthroid cost me $37.99. wtf
username it's called a formulary. my dr has to give me lipitor not crestor unless i want to pay. it is the way it is - worse w/govt va
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hashtag highlymedicated hashtag legalizemarijuana
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
i think victoza breaks the record for longest commercial. lordy. hashtag cnn
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
ventolin suck out all my energy.
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
username username username guys! you are delusional! you should seek help! risperdal or zyprexa would do the job!
does anyone have 40 mg nexium they can bring to school
thank you momma wallner for the samples of nexium hashtag savedme hashtag lifesaver
i love reece webster and marco cipro! heart suit
username i was smacking damion today but i gave him latuda before he exploded” hyperlink
username same here. advair doesn't prevent asphyxiation...
hey not sleeping. hashtag hotflashes hashtag menopause hashtag effexor
gives example of sildenafil release from odt tablets. caffeine was taste masked well per e-tongues and taste panels.
glory be to god for las pastillas de diclofenac
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
username hell fuck methadone like liquid handcuffs already suboxone much better. ima go to that from methadone to that when i can taper
ask your itunes tally of how many times you played a single song over over, if paxil is right for you.
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
username those infections are constant for me so i take azo yeast supp everyday esp in summer n cipro rx after relations.
username username mom was on baclofen (muscle relaxer used for muscular dystrophy pts.) an on-call doc at hospital discont'd &gt;&gt;
lord have all the mercies. morning by morning new mercies i see. rt username a friendship promise love ring is a nuvaring, no?
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
since 2008 fda epa approved safe smoking experience .... no tobacco, nicotine, odors, flames or ashes .... mjz hyperlink
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hashtag blagh hashtag gross hashtag weak
lunesta lids. username fake lashes make some of y'all look sleepy.
username username i need money for suboxone face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i think i've had too much ventolin oh no
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
the viibryd sounded appealing enough the way those marketing fellows actionized the word vibrant plus made it sound mediciney.
you wanna help me out mom? give me $ for adderall
sally field is so high on fucking boniva right now. or is it sativa? i don't know anymore.
also the lamotrigine dose feels a bit high too now the o is leaving my system. will have to adjust that as well or i won't sleep *sigh*
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
username good. still room for new drugs especially with fewer side effects than approved drugs like kyprolis, velcade and even zydelig.
username username i do too! either use computers or go right to human trials. in the 90's the painkiller vioxx was put on (c)
just put miralax in my trenta iced coffee... skull rip see y'all on the other side
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hashtag boards
username both are really well treatable with the right meds and metformin is the most commonly used medication for diabetes here in
goodmorning world!! it's gonna be a good day of class. *pops vyvanse*
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
$1 million idea: load advair into an e-cig so you can just casually vape during an asthma attack. bye bye wheezing, hello looking cool!
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
tamiflu sales rocket as states stock up to fight ebola.
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
exelon reported 2q earnings today -- username unit's 2q profit rose 17% to $84 mln. not a word about improving the grid. username
$arna ave. hba1c reduction of 1.2.belviq will overtake januvia in coming yrs as insurance coverage grows docs r educated comfy with it
getting ready to have $17,000 worth of tysabri pumped into me. just another day in paradise. : )
just heard lowrider on a crestor commercial. the end of the world is soon
lebanon, charles de gaulle, california baseball starkweather homicide, children of thalidomide hashtag wdstfd14
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
hashtag nicenugget cg181:for age &gt;85 consider atorvastatin 20mg to reduce risk of non-fatal mi on the basis of age being an independent risk factor
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
in the doctor's scene in elf where buddy gets a dna test, there's an advert for tamiflu on the wall behind him.
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
it's summer and i find myself alone reading prozac nation hashtag wut
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
there is no plan b for your life. there is only one plan. it is the master plan of the crestor who made you.  hashtag drmm username
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hashtag fibromyalgia sucks!
hashtag savor-timi 53 shows no difference in total pancreatitis rates between saxagliptin placebo - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
there was actually a thing about a doctor not explaining to her patient how the nuvaring worked so she wore it as a bracelet. who's fault??
rt username jbjs case connector: bleeding risks associated with pradaxa carry potentially serious orthopaedic consequences hyperlink
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
username anyone who takes metformin gets put on sliding scale lispro. pts who are npo for sx or other reasons are q4 hr checks.
what is an elemental calcium amount in actonel with calcium?  a. 1250 mg b. 500 mg c. 650 mg d. 1000 mg
rt username clinical oncology news - duloxetine reduces chemo-induced peripheral neuropathy pain including commen... hyperlink
in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (pah) vs pooled ambrisentan and tadalafil monotherapy arm.results are statistically signif+
to be clear username with your insurance gold plan, cost for advair is $292 a month (seriously). without insurance at walgreen's $63. wow.
as effective as enbrel is on my hashtag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hashtag noshame hashtag wheresthepoop
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
i swear xarelto is the longest commercial hashtag jim
hopefully scoring some temazepam later
this xarelto commercial starring nascar driver brian vickers is almost as long as a movie
username username your fave vioxx is in there. flushed face
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
username username physical dependence is not addiction. some people taper suboxone too fast. the fact that it tapers slowly is not bad
username username shameful that docs have the kid on methadone when suboxone would relieve his pain without dangerous sideeffects
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
username what? i said i appreciated it earlier. i thought we were friends viox i thought we were friends
username lmao i take pristiq
username suboxone withdrawals
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hashtag tolerance hashtag fml
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
was surprised to learn today of updated apixaban label with dosing in esrd, essentially at normal dose. not sure i believe it.
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
even with trazodone i can't stay a fucking sleep dude.. so annoyed.
today i worked in the pain clinic.. wish i had diazepam tramadol and pregabalin !!
a brazen albuterol perfume and outspoken sour cream undertones are incorporated in the 2012 pinot noir from siriani bros vineyards. hashtag expect
username while your kids are sitting get fat like their dad. i'll be the one they need to prescribe metformin to keep them from dying
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
username big pharma would rather pimp their toxic tnfs like humira or enbrel. no thanks, pass the bananas please!
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
i want to force feed julie bowen boniva cake.
eating paleo but taking prozac kinda defeats the purpose, right?
kids, santa has die or rear. tell your parents to put out imodium or i don't know what to tell you about your presents hashtag holidayzaun
username i have plenty here, thanks. it's a funny word, lozenge.
ouch. just found a box of enbrel in ready bins (not in fridge) filled wed. that's likely $4000+ down the tubes.
i still can't get over how phil mickelson acts like his name is really phil mickelsonprogolfer in this enbrel ad. use a comma.
i use alcohol like some people use lunesta is that bad??
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
oh, that spiriva is too much $...how bout not buying cigarettes
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hashtag diabetes
well damn..she basically threw the box at you! rt username username no because she told mr she's on cymbalta.
drug me up on oxycodone so i can stop hurting
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
2nd event for today! super lagare! eylea launch here at fairmont hotel later. whew! hashtag eotd #2ndeotd hashtag kayod hashtag gahaman hashtag matindepangangailangan
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
username flushed face shit better make you have a 12 pack overnight or something! 75$ is crazy... i go with a redbull or vyvanse pill
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
hashtag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
my choice was more hashtag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hashtag biologics like hashtag humira. now hashtag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hashtag lung side effect. hashtag crohns
lunesta me bought the frozen dvd off of ebay last night and i kind of hate myself for it
nigga!!! this latuda comercial is to much these side affects are juss way out
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
saying goodbye to smoking involves more than physical recovery from nicotine addiction hashtag worldnotobaccoday (1)
i can't stop yawning hashtag trazodone
username puffin from dat bronchodilator and ciclesonide inhalation dashing away collision ” sick times styll ya kno! hashtag straightpuffin
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hashtag viibryd hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag ocd hashtag meds hashtag confusion hashtag agitation hashtag itching
if connaught is wookiees, then i'm oseltamivir
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hashtag ibs
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hashtag withdrawal hashtag trazodone hashtag omgicantwait hashtag help
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
risk of gi bleeding higher for pradaxa than warfarin; risk of mi similar on both drugs. overall safety profile slightly superior to warfarin
username did they substitute it with buprenorphine (subutex)?
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
i called my doctor and asked her to call me in a prescription for advair because i think my asthma is flaring up.
username i went, he gave me my quetiapine, then i left and he didn't say anything so :)
username vote out rep. dr terry johnson and this suboxone scamers this drug was only to be short term now 1 to 5 years they prescrib
ive dealt with many deregistered entities past 4 weeks rt username advice to small businesses, pay your cipro annual returns username
diovan slime rescue rangers friend don smelly alpha
a bottle of imodium ad  hashtag crappyhalloweencostumes username
need more oxy , need ventolin
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
ms drug, called tecfidera a form of dmf is also used as a fungicide, applied to upholstered furniture. ( furniture polish )
username why u take ventolin since night ?
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
username toy googleando nexium awanta
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
ok, but scott from scott's &gt;&gt;&gt; crestor guy
all pharmacies in the area have exhausted their supplies of tamiflu
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
username spamming justin and not being noticed hurts cymbalta can help omfg
username niqvh, viox ag, rayp ag
the petition i included will force the manufacturers of products such as avandia to take responsibility for their products and the effects
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hashtag gottakillmetosaveme :s
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
hi reba. mail from constipation. dear pee, how much imodium ad do you have? fart, cow.
(2) although the basement space has been designed by a fen sui specialist, i am so depressed at the thought of being in a basement ,
username oh it's straight.. but i have a written rx for adderall xr if i brought it in could i get it filled for just reg adderall not xr
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
in the pharmacy we have a medication called diovan and everytime i dispense it i think of dio driving an ice cream van
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
i don't trust loperamide but i needed it. i guess i'm getting old
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hashtag sacrifice
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
username one word imodium
username yep, and a beta blocker. i promise if metformin makes no difference in two months i’ll go back and review sertraline. :)
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
let me be your fiend, you be my nicotine
the weather is so bad... getting my tysabri iv infusion and praying they salt!!  drive safe hashtag newyork
username 2/2 after starting victoza and had to lower basal also her rapid i:c ratio.
smurfy grasping kim kardashian touched python symbicort remiss arms monkey. today's monster just warhead cdm is game basketball
just wept watching a cymbalta commercial hashtag goodbyemylove
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
username yep rats everywhere. can't get z-cam otc either, it works. vioxx no different than other nsaids..
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hashtag fatigue username username
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hashtag crohns
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
his crazy paving creased heid rose fae the bed and he glided down the stairs like a zombie on temazepam hashtag nightshift
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
username to africa by ek is most effient
i just saw a commercial for suboxone and idk if that's strange or not
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
don't care what anybody shaysh, miralax alwayth gonna be better than dulcolax hashtag espncommercials hashtag teamfiber
username username surely time for coverage of and pressure on the manufacturer, grunenthal to help support thalidomide survivors
hashtag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
antara rising star dan the heirs..
username esotr meridia is hitting the dwemer ruins tonight in search of the new motif pages! contact me in-game if you want to join!
username ahhhh thalidomide
username username username run whilst you can before that temazepam kicks in!!! face screaming in fear face screaming in fear face screaming in fear
achieving inception via lunesta and lsd
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hashtag pleasebeworthit
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
username username 2 dif pipes! chrissy taylor prves dngr of asth meds. my doc wanted me off advair (viv's purp disc) but i need it
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hashtag baddrugs by hashtag pharma smdh!
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
i put j da foo in the cut darvon was in it 2 much
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
username hashtag ruinaraptrack boniva applebum
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
suboxone got me fucked up.
it's weird seeing symbicort commercials now that i have to take it.. face without mouth
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
watching castle and all i can think of is that the perp is puffing way too much on his albuterol inhaler. his heart would freak!
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
username username username ms f grew resistant to lacosamide so they replaced with perampanel... bad news
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hashtag venlafaxine withdrawal.
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
booked a doctor's appointment for tomorrow at 11:15 am to renew my paroxetine prescription. that ought to get me out of bed.
username username username i used to really want to try nuvaring but a) lawsuit and b) i tried an instead cup it did not go well
latuda is an antipsychotic med. it's used to treat schizophrenia manic depression associated w/ having bipolar i/ii disorder
don't worry about it. that's why hope (however pointless) is critical to our survival. :) rt username i'm gonna need some cymbalta lol
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
username gosh me too it really works and so does the neurontin why won't they approve you for dilaudid!!
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
username (i didn't put geodon in the search terms and that came up first page.)
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
mazes with neymar for prizes, for example, always present the same level of imodium ad.
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hashtag fibromyalgia
username viibryd is so amazing. hashtag changedmylife
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
rt username interesting read if you have as or any arthritis! -rt username enbrel the autoimmune era: interesting read ht…
i think im gonna stop taking the temazepam tablets, i don't think they help me sleep as much as seroquel does
searching stock images is sooooo depressing, seems like everybody is using prozac or something.
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
username i could be a respiratory speacialist lol im so lucky (*eye roll*) to have that gene and its v active. the copd is active&amp; im 15
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
it would be good in my opinion to study a combo of alcohol peppermint oil in lozenge form for various types of cancer. it could imho work.
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
the list of side affects on those medicine comercials make me laugh. dont take victoza if your allergic to victoza lol 
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
username drinking on effexor can lead to fatal overdose,it is considered more dangerous than drinking on benzos
username lol we may need a lot of docy, cipro, and z-packs. but if that gets us all the way from the corner...its meant to be
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
username what is dabigatran alex
username perlmutter is a hack. mk-3475 will be vioxx revisited. watch this space.
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
username have you looked into nuvaring or iuds?
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
nonspecific fosamax ~ general ambien ~ basic celebrex: .mjh
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
username yes aspirin, oxycontin oxycodone benadryl
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
i'm sucking lemon lozenge. it's sugar free.
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
sir. rt username a friendship promise love ring is a nuvaring, no?
username username would love to see a brilinta trial in stemi for aps too as well as free heraldsun access.
username (2) for no reason at all this morning. and i’ve been on edge all day. reminds me of hashtag pristiq.
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
i'm supposed to start taking my lamictal today. i don't know if i can do it
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
username woooo! i love prozac but i love bananas even more! :d
(3)...but i still have to take a metformin pill once a day and i'm still a diabetic. i made an appointment to see a dietician because i...
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
username is it? or will it be exubera all over again?
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
ventolin evohaler , thank you for always being there for me when i need you! green heart  green heart
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
username will it not be wrong between ventolin or re camera ^^ loool hashtag joke .
rt username username not the cough suppressant ones. it should just be a throat lozenge made only of pectin. feel better soon…
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
my thoughts on rupert murdoch have changed dramatically after watching this thalidomide documentary. hashtag sointeresting
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
if i take boniva now as a young healthy man, could i have super bones?
username i have betamethasone (bentelan) and fluticasone/salmeterol (seretide) disappointed face disappointed face
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
username what i've learned from your show: you love musicals and take lamictal.
love all this protest over the unarmed oxycodone dealer (with a pistol in his truck) getting shot after fleeing the vehicle from police..smh
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
username username comedown is hell. when i went cold turkey from effexor it was about two weeks before the zap noises stopped
username sahara star hotel for a cme on brilinta drug in cardiology :)
via username enbrel (etanercept) manufactured in 2010 was found to have a different quality profile than the hashtag enbrel made in 2009
username username this, reopening a superfund site for exelon hq bldg and the crude oil shipments... not suprised
hashtag wsmlondon14 rivaroxaban, apixaban - inhibit factor xa. given post op. wait 18hr after dose (48hrs if renal failure). irreversible.
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
username that must be nice. i'm on symbicort since i constantly develop bronchitis too. every time i get a cold...
username hashtag snapdealnokiaspeedchallenge  will do cycle rally on effient and green environment.......
sabril was found to cause blindness a few years ago hashtag panorama
why does miralax try to make being constipated look fun? it's not and thats the point in taking the damn meds
username that was my go to before nexium was legal
espial the truth ccie conditioning at cathyschool: viox
di antara impossible and nothing impossible :|
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
day 2 without nicotine: fuck sleep would be nice. so would a dip.......
commercial: do not take prolia if you're allergic to it.  if you require that warning.. i'm going to say go ahead and take it. hashtag phuckit
this is what happens when you run out of lithium seroquel get on st john's wort for spare pills.
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
username it's just aspirin and something else, though i think that second ingredient is similar to vioxx so who knows
username username username viox seriously does ice skate.
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hashtag crohns
i've went from symbicort to forstair now. what is it with inhalers fancy names? i want 1 called the oral lung sucker smiling face with horns face with tears of joy
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
gotta get me some prozac
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
username i was given like 5mg of abilify and i still do not recall the dosage of trazodone.
rt username fda investigating unexplained deaths of two patients who got injections of the antipsychotic medication zyprexa: hyperlink
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
username if u r on hashtag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hashtag rheum
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hashtag bpdchat
$frx submits nda for nebivolol and valsartan combination in hypertension
username not all! moxifloxacin has more!
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
morning coffee and nicotine in garden - nostrils filled with scent lilac and rowan. and it's friday. bring it on!
fun facts: do you know what meds r 4 bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approve combination of hashtag olanzapine hashtag fluoxetine
thought someone had the first generic esomeprazole and tried to strike up a conversation about it and bad mistake foot in mouth awkward
i just hung up on some1 from the assistance program for avonex- i am expecting call about tysabri so answered it she pissed me off
hashtag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
feel hell of a tired after eating my homemade cakes, i think i may have put to much temazepam on it?
we're back at exelon wolf hollow generating station in granbury to train the rest of the staff. hashtag cpr hyperlink
thanks to all my re-tweeters, your support is very much appreciated. i took the full dosd of olanzapine last night hashtag sluggish
saxagliptin and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. september 2, 2013doi: 10.1056/nejm
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
judging by my grades this semester, my best writing happens when i've consumed enough adderall caffeine to sort of black out all night
except how are you gonna make an american football if they weren't affiliating with a request to market and distribute thalidomide
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
nexium esomeprazole
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
rt username fda investigating two deaths after olanzapine injections: the unexplained deaths of two patients a few days af... hyperlink
username hashtag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
username the sandoz/amgen etanercept case might give us an idea as far as timeline.
username i would share my paxil with you any day of the week
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawal hashtag depression
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
any diabetic peeps with experience of victoza medication ? username
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
hashtag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
protect ur child from hg. avoid hg-containing multi-dose shots (fluzone, fluzone quadrivalent, afluria flulaval) all fluvirin shots
hey username have u ever used humira before?
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
*googling loperamide* rt username username username that's what half a loperamide tablet and an enema is for. pfft.
brief-astrazeneca ceo says not sure how to read ranbaxy announcement on nexium
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hashtag fda approved: hashtag quetiapine aka hashtag seroquel
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
username : if you think latuda is right for you, contact your doctor.
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
i'm doing my mom a favor by taking my seroquel and passing out for the day!
username bum. i was worried about mania on them, but i think the biffiness is going to be worse, especially coupled with quetiapine.
username username nope, it isn't. people abuse flagyl all the time. dangerous. better to take ort, or imodium if it's an emergency
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hashtag helps
another ventolin hits
hot choc and temazepam on standbye :)
entomophobia and fluoxetine go hand in hand hashtag crazytown
this german documentary on thalidomide babies proves that my grasp on the language is still fair. at least when it comes to kurtz arme
mimi need a throat lozenge and sum hot tea
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hashtag neveragain hashtag wentfromsize8to16 #
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hashtag badheadaches
username username pharmaceuticals: merck etal have ocd making medications like vioxx that killed my mother physicians ocd prescribing
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
kalo disuruh pilih antara branded stuffs sama beauty youth,aku prefer banget looks beauty youth :d
username i am for now. on 3wks of cipro and more post op and the surgery will help clear it up. thanks and glad u are better now! wohoo
username ya i'm on both victoza and invokana. i take .9 of victoza, you?
username miralax is helpful but not for a lifetime. consider a basic gi protocol of trienza, therbiotic complete and s. boulardii
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
username i hope u feel better soon and have seen a nerve specialist for some good pain meds. neurontin has helped me with my nerve pain
cant cope coming off hashtag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
why tamiflu
what's a nuvaring ? - my intern
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
the primary role of metformin is to reduce the amount of glucose being released from the liver. hashtag diabetes
username username but somehow his hga1c is near goal even with avandia ... goal &lt;7 according to ada
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
username username and you thought you were the one that couldn't shut up. she takes imodium for twitter, to keep from running off
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hashtag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
the doctor added on latuda today, in addition to my lithium. i never wanted to be this girl...
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
blowing dis gas wit darvon
employee - drug discounts - save up to 52 % - metoprolol succinate
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
neurontin (gabapentin) has multiple indications and needs to be monitored for dose adjustment in ckd
username i know.. i know.. mad bastard this one.. any seroquel? ?
news: solid q1 growth for glenmark as it awaits india sitagliptin verdict
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
username yeah i think me going to the gym, physical therapy, and this gabapentin is working it out lol
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
username i'm sure it helps that you are so active. i did eventually lose my olanzapine lbs, so there is hope. :)
exelon $exc q3 adj.eps usd 0.78 vs. exp. usd 0.72 hashtag stocks
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
username she should. i'm just worried. she's limping on her hind legs and she has two stomach wounds. they gave me amox and buprenorphine
username lol...doesn't januvia sound like a regen spell?
21.11 day 10 rivaroxaban diary. now taking painkillers. only 2 paracetamol at 12.00 but pain eased. knees ache.
what are the top two things you never wanted to do again after your athletic career was over? ready go…mine: 1. vioxx 2. burpees
today i called to verify a script written for 40mg viibryd with a dispense quantity of 530. the doctor meant to put 30 tablets. hashtag pharmacy
hashtag rcpestas14 aki - stop the damn drugs - diuretics ace-i metformin nsaids. brilliant mnemonic from professor maxwell.
username lol... makes you feel better, when my oldest grads., my youngest will start k! i'll be a mess! hashtag prozac hashtag alcohol
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hashtag stopnuvaring2014
rt username dr john buse: most impressive at #2013ada victoza+degludec= -1.9% a1c reduction insulin on steroids bit of weight loss …
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
i've had a lot of adderall this morning it's gonna be a weird day stay tuned
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
sildenafil can be used to successfully manage it in at least two-thirds of men, but we dont advice self-medication, ffbeepamed
username username weapons grade pain meds being administered inc. buprenorphine but no mri since dx 9 yrs ago.
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
well you better go get your depressed ass to that store and get you some cymbalta username how i feel hyperlink
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
victoza commercial is like 90 seconds of side effects and warnings.
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
cunt lozenge. hashtag illexplainlater
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
username oh wow, that sucks. i remember when i needed advair and a puffer for my asthma. not fun.
username i know in the states we use miralax but it is an off label use
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
username time for nicotine en caffeine ;)
nami, sanguine, hircine, sheo, and meridia are my favorite~ and vaermina. but i always loved eraundr. so i never get the staff...
username username username username looks like the one in the lunesta commercial. if you eat it does it make you sleepy?
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
this is humira helping me tweet hashtag itdoeswonders hashtag magic
adderall is cool n stuff bc it helps me focus on shit i need to get done but i always end up focused on tumblr/twitter instead :/ :\
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
and yes i keep mentioning that the pervert in the viox services truck worked at viox services so women will know they hire street harassers.
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
username i'm more of a crestor man myself.
username username agree. there's efficacy in kind vs degree. use of arb = kind. different arb = degree. some claim telmisartan best
.@ewoolleyward8 surgeon general said that thalidomide was safe. 5m+ kids dead because a dr wanted ddt banned. hashtag yyc hashtag yyccc hashtag yycbike
two rakat nafl work more efficiently than sublingual fluoxetine.
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hashtag forevertogo hashtag headache hashtag irritable hashtag toomanyhashtags hashtag makeitstop
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
hashtag news ranbaxy gets us fda nod for diovan generic: company will also enjoy 180 days of exclusive marketing rights for the drug in ...  hashtag rt
that dude from viox services seriously thought he'd pick me up with winky eyebrows and a come hither finger. seriously, fuck off shitface.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hashtag olanzapine hashtag timetochange hashtag bipolar
seriously my advair is my l i f e. raising hands haha
username i'm on tramadol, arthrotec, diazepam, pregabalin, duloxetine amytriptaline for pain/depression...
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
username cialis, viagra, prozac &amp;amp; many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
username username username my phone is dead you thalidomide
women with hashtag hiv on hormonal contraception and efavirenz had high levels of pregnancy (but many of us don't know! ) hashtag hivglasgow
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
username adderall had you like
rt username mar 15, seroquel alcohol: a deadly combination: a seroquel alcohol combination can be dangerous, even fatal. ... http:…
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
username i began my prep a week ago: 40mg of crestor everyday. determined to break news at this fry thing.
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
username it sounds like you need your dose adjusted for synthroid maybe. i don't know for sure though, i'm still in the honeymoon.
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
username username diclofenac is still otc x
username have you run out of medication options? i have been through remicaid and humira. methotrexate is all i'm on currently.
use latuda for bipolar depression! ...do not eat grapefruit or drink grapefruit juice while using latuda. prescription drugs man i swear..
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
username someone very close to me on methadone for 5 years using on top.me on suboxone nearly 3 years using too.
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
just arrived to the sch's class lab. went for my psych appt earlier on and claimed the psych meds. my pdoc altered the dosage of username
username please give my pic a vote, thalidomide should never be forgotten,
username username spiriva blisters?
username they took her off the boniva when she was in the hospital and it stopped.
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
username yeaaaaah most ssris fuck me the fuck up which why viibryd was like a godsend for me even though obviously diff things for diff ppl
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
username i thought methadone and buprenorphine were on that list.
username haha i dunno. it's got hashtag jimmydocherty bummer of hashtag jamieoliver so perhaps? who knows? i'm on gabapentin after all!
or my girlfriend left a nuvaring in the fridge. would that be good for you? *i know you don't drink*
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
rt username i wish there was a vyvanse's day so i could show vyvanse how much it means to me.
hawkins killing my roll up with his cowardice today. 3-0 up played like a blind thalidomide ever since. hyperlink
pts on alendronate &gt;3y switched to odanacatib: yr2, odn gp showed +2.7-3% hip bmd. usually on aln &gt;3y, bmd plateaus hashtag eular2013
username is this before or after he gets 7 billion septims and a daedric artifact from meridia for murdering me painfully?
username hashtag hcsm i start hashtag chemo on tues b/c of hashtag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
i wish there was a drug dealer that useful drugs i don't want to see a dr for. let me get a scrip of lunesta and a few antibiotics.
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hashtag diabetes
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
if the ending of this movie is just me in a mental institution due to side effects from my paxil i'm gonna be really pissed. hashtag sideeffects
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
username i'd heard that. looks like uloric works similarly to celery seed. dropping uric acid levels. ever tried it?
denosumab solves vexed question apropos of maxilla loss of ground advanced help midst prostate cyst: .xqy
i feel like my lunesta, trazadone and prozac are fighting each other tonight
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
in the odyssey pcsk9 study, investigators report that a majority of statin-intolerant patients can tolerate atorvastatin 20 mg. hashtag aha14
tamiflu is my newest best friend! face with medical mask sleeping face
username you missed the msg before i said tests. have to take the purple pill nexium for 10 days. then call if no change.
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
i swore this oxycodone would've knocked me out by now.. unamused face
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
hashtag tysabri infusion number 4 tomorrow.
username hahaha nice :p i did this essay for biology about sildenafil and how it affects hypertension. cgmp comes into it so i wondered
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
taking a 60mg vyvanse was pointless for a 90 minute test...
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hashtag baddrugs by hashtag pharma smdh!
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
username 1.25mg bisoprolol fumarate, 5mg nebivolol and god's holy spirit xo
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
dr has put my gabapentin up to 600mg. has to be ordered in and will cost $60 :/
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
username synthroid stays in the body longer so it's not as pronounced.
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hashtag wtf
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
fuck trazodone
the first piano note in this pristiq commercial always makes me think blood on the leaves about to play
username username username bud, vit c and zinc may be late now. get rx for moxifloxacin (avelox) or levofloxacin(levaquin)
linert said buchholtz had 3.2 nano grams per milliliter of buprenorphine 8.1 nano grams per milliliter of norbuprenorphine in his blood.
username hashtag csim2013 perhaps more an argument for extending rx of unprovoked vte than an argument for apixaban
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
username where did i insult gandalf? i called him a thalidomide and a thick fuck because he called me matt.
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hashtag arthritisprobs
username just few rx butrans patch10 mcg $400, crestor 10mg $190, cymbalta $280 this is just a one month supply total $870 i am on disability
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy the same chemical found in prozac. username username
the crestor commercial spreads blasphemy. of course exercise and good nutrition works!
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
taking metformin and working out . . . hoping to be able to post nekki pics on reddit next summer!
username onglyza - important drug for $azn and $bmy - much more 4 $azn .. ppl will look at heart failure data closely, affect sales.
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
just waiting for some lunesta to kick in. yup, i'm such a baller. or is it a thug life? hashtag oldpeopletweets
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
username username there is a new drug called latuda cat face with tears of joy loudly crying face cat face with tears of joy
if you're a thalidomide and you know it clap your hands......
username cause my adderall hasn't kicked in yet
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
enbrel on board! resting and have a weekend of writing planned hashtag doctoralstudentlife
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
username nexium every day...works wonders.
there is no clear clinical advantage to levalbuterol (xopenex) vs albuterol, and it's more expensive! hashtag prepem hashtag foamed hashtag foamped
username ask your doctor about advair that's like a medical steroid to help it out
hashtag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hashtag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hashtag health
username hashtag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
username it's the 6mp.. my gi doc talked about humira as well but i'm pretty sure i'm gonna be put on the other one..
brief-merck says to pay $100 mln to resolve all u.s. nuvaring product liability cases
all $25 for 90- generics lipitor, plavix, flomax, effexor xr, proscar, mirapex, aricept, cozaar, hyzaar. call toll free 1-877-791-meds.
username i'm still on remicade for now; they decided to double my dose to try to reactivate the response. probably humira if we can't.
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
liraglutide pen(rdna) a glp 1 analogue non insulin injection stimulates insulin when glucose up arrow up arrow up arrow used 1x per day sustains action&gt;24 hours.
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
i find it genuinely fascinating that the ad for latuda refers to death as fatal events. what a euphemism.
the nicotine beast has me firmly gripped in it's gnarled yellow claw. hashtag resistanceisfutile
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
what tf meridia
out of paxil.. uh oh.
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
username i take vitamin d everyday, got my bone density report and don't need to take boniva or anything else !!
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hashtag badheadaches
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
top stories on mkts@lunch: divi's lab rallies; co likely to supply api for diovan generic
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
good thing i brought loperamide
pfizer offered mds to pay co-pays of their patients as long as they kept prescribing lipitor over the generic atorvastatin hashtag pharmacology
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
i used to have feelings but now i take seroquel. hashtag done hashtag lmfao hashtag accurate
username o im on wellbutrin, strattera and trazadone
fucka nuvaring pouting face annoyin ass thing
planning to use a different way of typing antara sana sini sini sana.
implanon, a flexible plastic rod inserted in the upper arm skin contains 68mg of etonogestrel substance, believed to prevent pregnancy person gesturing OK
username oh good. pregabalin worked for me when nothing else did. fingers crossed that it improves things for you.
maguerite writes: hi, how long does everyone get out of joint injections and also, anyones' views on meds, especially enbrel, please?
username lmao i love my nuvaring
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
cipro is where u register ur business it's in pretoria,i was in zeerust username the time.
username i just got tricked into drinking a supplement drink that had a whole bottle of miralax in it grinning face with sweat pistol  hashtag shitsandgiggles
i'm going to name my first born oxycodone because its saving my life right now...
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
yo…why is this patient on crestor 40mg, zetia 10mg, lovaza 4g, niaspan 1g, trilipix 135mg and welchol 3.75g?…dude…i can’t with docs today
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hashtag rheum
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
one day that will be me lyrica proved anything is possible face with tears of joy smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with smiling eyes
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
are u depressed? advertisement on tv said latuda a pharma can get u to end ur torment with a double barrel shotgun yipee peace at last!!!!
obesity drugs under fda review are contrave from orexigon and takeda (june 10 pdufa date) victoza from novo nordisk (dec. 20). hashtag tampa2014
my boy username just downed a fucking miralax show. hardcore
oh, no! not username looks like we need some boniva in hashtag nascar.
username tomorrow you can try primperan or cilroton for the sickness and some esomeprazole (nexium or losec!)!!(im not a doctor :p)
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hashtag teamnosleep
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
so i’m giving her the side eye of death. that was your cavernous snatch that spit out that nuvaring like a nerf gun and left it there?
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
not taking my adderall for 9 hours of traveling was not the right move
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
username my husband had a dvt back in october. he's been on xarelto ever since! the picc line has been major for us.
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
username the nursing home orders said plavix for afib and eliquis for prophylaxis. hashtag dumb
there is nothing wrong with you that couldn't be cured with prozac and a hammer
username username all i took was ibuprofen and drank a lot of water and if you have like diarrhea take imodium
focalin n adderall are not a good mix
username username i have been on vimpat since nov, 300mgs a day, i have had a big reduction in my seizures
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
back to sleep. celecoxib prn.
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
literally just watched a commercial for januvia and the entire thing was about side effects of death while people were smiling and laughing.
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hashtag forevertogo hashtag headache hashtag irritable hashtag toomanyhashtags hashtag makeitstop
endin my night wit the oxycodone
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
username topamax didn't work for me either, i've never heard of trileptal. if keppra keeps up the bad side effects, ask about vimpat
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
500 mgs a day of seroquel for now... i know it seems like i use my crazy as an excuse but it really is debilitating
username i was drinking it and they were like that has miralax in it. face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
bird canyon vineyards brings together pungent tofu essences and a piquant albuterol essence in their 2004 pinot grigio. hashtag chanyeol
username see, what i mean....she's not ready, but suboxone might help her!! that's a great treatment option.....see! !
depression hurts, cymbalta can help hashtag peace101 hashtag headedhome hashtag summertime username username hyperlink
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
tempted to take my trazodone and sleep all day hashtag sleepdeprived
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
username username username i really like the gold and silver colour of the tabard at but would love to see the meridia crest in red
officially addicted to nicotine
you guys blythe danner is doing more prolia commercials! i'm sad though that she osteoporosis aren't undergoing a hashtag consciousuncoupling tho
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
when i was taking a full dose of hashtag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
who cares if you're constipated? that's what miralax is for
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
interesting use for ventolin inhaler hashtag skint
username more $ in a zostavax shot ! plus we all wanna capture that senior with 23 overlapping meds ...
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
username why are you taking nicotine omg??
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hashtag tecfidera hashtag bbhwithmscom
username humira was amazing for me too :) everytime did the injection felt betta immediately :) could tell wen was time for another to
without insurance,i purchased so many lunesta with my discover credit card,travel to miami to come look for meds i have lost my credit.
but any given night i’d still pop that ass liike a prozac !
username we probably have different scenarios, but nexium is over the counter and long term, for stress-caused stomach acid issues
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
you burp with calvin coolidge. you step on imodium ad. you stay at the vin diesel resort. good night.
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
the imodium commercial voice-over woman says the word diarrhea like she is reading it from a poem.
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hashtag dblog hashtag diabetes hashtag dsma
pulmonary hypertension &amp;amp; viagra: researchers discover novel mechanisms of sildenafil for ...
username i've been holding out for lozenge for a while, still nothing.  jm
username you gotta take that advair in the summer atleast 1 a day
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
you know, after reading about the side effects of enbrel (and seeing the commercials) people should just get used to psoriasis. holy shit!
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
username they hooked me up in er to iv n sent me home with cipro. i dont think they keep u here in ut?
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hashtag rheum
i hate cipro! hashtag antibiotic hashtag nauseous hashtag cf hashtag hospitallife hashtag cysticfibrosis
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
got a sore throat. please dont be a cold i need my tysabri next week!!!!!!!!!
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
username *feeds a lozenge* o.o
rf hot balloon ablation: didn't stop dabigatran for procedure. reddy says he switches from dabigatran to rivaroxaban for procedure hashtag hrs2014
why push namenda xr over plain namenda, why because namenda us going generic
i am in a losing battle with vimpat- damn you hashtag epilepsy
username username username username username the elephant in spiriva ad is an example of exploitation. remove elephant ads!
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
username username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
rt username disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
username yes. ghastly. ciprofloxacin works a bit faster
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hashtag nosleep
my dad's on gabapentin for his back which is cool cause lady was on that for her hips
antara firdaus dan tuah hashtag mentorlegend .
username i wonder if he'd be doing boniva commercials.
took 4 lunesta pills... fuck it.
username the other two are part inhaled steroid and something else. i can't remember. alvesco is just steroid and works amazing.
who named the drug latuda and why can't you eat grapefruit?!?
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
will chris martin coldplay continue to score prolia commercials starring blythe danner? that music is sublime.
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
took a trazodone without a splash of vodka and now i'm worried that it won't work.
username as an asthma sufferer, when you are gasping your dying breaths, it is what you say. albuterol has saved my life 5x or more
update 2-u.s. fda rejects wider use of xarelto drug
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
rt username username its called viibryd. do your research first. there are side effects but i havnt experienced any yet.
trying to do my makeup on adderall is torture face with steam from nose
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
antara the comment dan the mummy :d
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
username some fluoxetine should help lol
eliquis reduces the risk of stroke by 42%. blowjobs reduce the risk by 100%
aranesp with danielle steel. a scientist fart crime do it cheerfully. medieval sailing expose and played with underwear tapdance
username username oops 2mgs loperamide ( just in case)
impotence young women what dose does viagra come in tadalafil tablets ranbaxy
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
she managed to go every four hours with ventolin last night! and no attacks over night. hyperlink
neuro said still need to stay on both keppra and lamictal. follow up again in a few weeks.
i've gotta start taking boniva hashtag sallyfieldlooksgood hashtag oscars
overdosing on trazodone smh hashtag wowyourcool
patient: what's the difference between uloric and albuterol?  uhhhhhh hashtag pharmprobs
latuda - who the heck comes up with these drug names? la toot da - i shit you not. that is how the ad pronounces it. for bipolar depression.
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
if i see you in public shaking a water bottle it's for one of two reasons: 1. there's alcohol in it 2. there's miralax in it
username cesser metformin, cesser onglyza ;) (komboglyze = saxagliptine et metformine)
atomoxetine username 2. which of the following cns stimulants is used in management of depression? a dexamfetamine b atomoxetine c none
username i still have those nicotine lozenges you gave me like a year ago and they still suck but luckily they work so fuck it
username he should be like nexium 24 hour, and provide necessary relief,  hashtag sponsoredtweet
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
kik: vioxx - if you want to chat about stupid bullshit.
username they state humira, remicade and rituxan which have clearly exceeded. others can't say. imbruvica and tecfidera too early to tell.
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
it's not all doom and gloom having a thalidomide baby. i'd put it in a dinosaur outfit n pretend it's a t-rex. hashtag thalidomide
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
omg you have such a 'tude, bitch. i would recommend latuda for that.
username nader ought to read the chapters on me too drugs and vioxx in drug truths - at least understand what he's arguing against.
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
username been on victoza for about 2 mths my levels have dropped from over 100 to 55!! dr was so pleased i'm really happy too :)
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
username lol... i have this theory that the miralax kicks in during one quarter of every game.
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
januvia for diabetes 2 costs around $300 for a month. merck
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
first they had me loaded with 2 types of oxycodone tylenol, gave me percocet, i ran out, so now i'm using what's left of my username
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
xanax and seroquel i'm still awake...
username its actually under my company's rate. actual price 1k plus per night. kalau nak, kena pergi antara 1 march 2015 - 31 oct 2015
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
username two fda - cleared drugs - oseltamivir and zanamivir - are expected to be effective in treating illness associated with h1n1v, as
morningstar stockinvestor's tortoise portfolio dumps stake in exelon $exc, initiates position in petsmart $petm
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
username same here, i've had a ventolin inhaler in my pocket everywhere i go for the last 22 years.
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hashtag disgusted
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
rt username wait” *pops vyvanse*  now beer me”
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
what.... now metformin m/r is out of stock!!! and here we are trying to fight diabetes... hashtag joke
username lunesta changed my life....
username continue to be impressed with emerging role of ranolazine as an antiarrhythmic drug.
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
username how long have you been on tysabri? do you know your jcv status? did all this happen while on ty (bad mris etc)?
girl you need some seroquel rt username username is ugly
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
username i tried metoprolol for a while. it helped some parts of it, but the side effects sucked.
exelon utility hashtag smartgrids summit username mel of username is doing his data analytic magic onsolar penetration hyperlink
this old guy from the hashtag xarelto commercial is a fucking badass. hashtag flowersandnewzealand
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
fda staff cautious about j&amp;js latest xarelto application
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hashtag crohns
my period is horrible. i mean i don't get them often because i'm on nuvaring but i feel like i am dying!
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
username i do that on fluoxetine diazepam on a daily basis :) username
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
username in poland are extremely small chance to be refund spiriva astma treatment by polish health insurance found
i take tramadol, flexril and diclofenac for my f-d up back username username
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
username true. like my once a day xarelto
bizdev panel on career tipping points. username telling story of how she worked on tysabri licensing deal at biogen way back hashtag allicense2014
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hashtag feelsorryformycats
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
username do dmts at least slow the progression down? i'm on tysabri and was under the impression that they do...
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
mmrl discovery of ranolazine and dronedarone combination for atrial fibrillation completes phase 2 clinical trials. phase 3 coming soon.
she said if one more stupid thing happens, i am going to geodon you. i'm done face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username do you take cocodamol and tramadol too? i'm on 16 pills with ibs things too plus pregabalin etc. i rattle.
username username baclofen and e-cig are probably the 2 magic deux ex machina of public health !
ventolin has been the only thing keeping me alive this weekend. hashtag stupidlungs
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
it sure looks like buprenorphine is as dangerous a heroin. i didn't had this opinion from the beginning, but minds can be changed.
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
catching up on pll and dying bc spencer's mom thinks the side effects of adderall made spencer kill ali lolololol who is writing this shit?
coffee, cupcakes and tysabri for everyone! (at the infusion center.)
rt username dr john buse: most impressive at #2013ada victoza+degludec= -1.9% a1c reduction insulin on steroids bit of weight loss …
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
if phil michelson does enbrel commercials isn’t jay cutler destined for lexapro commercials?
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hashtag cantsleep
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
username username username username username i take 4 - lamictal, zonegran, vimpat acteazolamide
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hashtag phantomsangre
rosuvastatin might be better than atrovastatin in patients with t2dm. listen trial hashtag esccongress
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
username i chose pradaxa too. now how i'm gonna get this into 3 pages
dio brando takes miralax for the first time
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
username crestor rosuvastatin 10mgs + 1 baby aspirin. mine is now zero
rt username upgrading to a newer, more energy-effient car? donate your old one to woodstock sanctuary! we accept donations... http…
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
out of curiosity, has anyone had success with paxil as an anti-depressant? i'm looking up the success rates/side effects freaking out.
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hashtag boo
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
username suboxone withdrawals
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
username thanks for showing us around today - we were all very impressed with the kids and your staff. oh, and hashtag dhfcolor go exelon blue!
username i suspect the huge amt of detailing for bystolic evident in that figure will come as little surprise to username
uhnuhn. not for sale username username err.. una get sildenafil for ya pharmacy?
apixaban and adalimumab commercials during username counting that as studying. hashtag finalsweek
username username yes! i lost over two stone in less than two months on extra easy, but i'm also on metformin which helps
before giving bortezomib for multiple myeloma, give prophylactic acyclovir to prevent shingles!
rt username comparison of 4 hashtag antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. hashtag quetiapine least safe hyperlink
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
forbes article regarding gsk stock plummeting gives cause for concern. advair being off largest pbm,express scripts formulary hurt.
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
username dear ms mutamba, i am interested in african issues was wondering whether i could send my cv to meridia ptnrs? thank you.
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
i actually thought that because i was on seroquel for 8 months that i might be able to keep good sleep patterns going when i discontinued it
username username apparently u are the only person guilty of doubting asthma diagnosis...that is now copd w/advair usage.
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
up 8 oxycontin and 10 oxycodone and today is fill day i am the championnnn
rt username someone get username a lozenge stat! &lt;--nothing could help last night … nothing
pregabalin or gabapentin for cancer pain? what does the evidence suggest? username
i hope the humira starts working as fast as the remicade did.
anyone ever take victoza before ?? how did you feel on it ??
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hashtag badheadaches
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
hello username thanks for following, loving your blog! we're looking for irish tysabri avonex patients to interview do you know any?
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
did fed. grand jury on ham. co. suboxone clinic case fail to indict andrew dollard but username pros.lee buckingham prosecuted the case?
username i am self detoxing off of suboxone any pointers or info that i would find useful is appreciated.
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
right now we have sort of moved into bortezomib based initial therapy without a phase iii. problem is al is rare-hard to do one hashtag mmsm
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
im going hard on adderol and vyvanse for my birthday tonight so i can pass my 3 finals tomorrow. hashtag bestbirthdayever
on adderall
has anyone taken pristiq or effexor? what are your experiences with it?
username username username i have been on tysabri 3 yrs now. no major issues
i never fucking want to hear the fucking word suboxone ever fucking again
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hashtag msfatigue
username currently on metformin and want to try a carb free diet for two weeks .. is it best to take metformin whilst on this diet ?
username yeah been trying to avoid pregabalin myself. pain or fatter hmmm what a choice
a 2009 study found curcumin was 500 to 100,000 times more effective than the prescription drug metformin at activating glucose uptake....
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hashtag rheum
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
gps fundraiser. exelon corp in the house! hyperlink
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
username so god was in charge when thalidomide was developed which caused such awful deformities? now we know the culprit username
hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
started rosuvastatin tonight, yet another new tablet i'm probably allergic to. if i don't tweet tmrw i've died of anaphylaxis.
username yho ndiyazazi miss a ubuvelelwe bt ke kuthwa xa unestres ziba worse,hopefully u r nt...get nexium works faster n z the best.
first, it was malodorous pits on the train, then a bus that smelled like the inside of a metformin bottle..... i don't understand...
username i hope so again, im only having diclofenac now but its worthless
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
username you're better off looking for suboxone . the whole point you were put on methadone was to stay away from opiates
watching the crestor guy makes my blood pressure spike
username username did you also push vioxx for merck, back when it was safe?
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
previous w/u 4 2 cvas = no hypercoaguable w/u, incomplete echo bubble studies, carotid us 30% stenoses. patient compliant w/asa + aggrenox
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
lunesta in hand: thankful that my niece nephew greats made it safely to their home , where i wish i were.
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hashtag nomoreoptions hashtag scary
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
hashtag myquitsmokingmessage what, your life aint screwing you enough that u need a nicotine stick up ur mouth/lungs, biyatch?
$arna fenfluramine + phentermine = it will cause damage to heart valves . that is a fact!
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
omg i'm out of nexium and this sinus infection or whatever the crap i have is making my gerd act up really bad. i can't .......
is that even how u spell cymbalta idk it looks weird
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
10 hispanics buying imodium ad at walmart!!! hold breath and run!!!!!!
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
nicotine free day is true. nowhere's selling. username
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
hashtag fda's bright: $pfe's summary of fuse exubera study: data indicative of potential increased lung cancer risk but inconclusive $mnkd
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
the new weight loss trend that is sweeping the nation! its called the red bull and adderall diet!
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
username if you have good drug benefits, rivaroxaban is an option.
got my supplies: lozenge, chocoloate and mentos! gotta cure my soar throat first.
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
piper jaffray raises pt on $regn following presentation of eylea dme data
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
username &gt;funny blog dan. currently taking avonex, but considering taking tysabri soon, also given the option of taking those pills.
admirable crichton cv written character specialists: yaz
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
cold and flu tablets, ibuprofen, sore throat lozenge and olbas oil to help me with this god damn cold :(
.@notrevenant fortunately that room isn't required to win (it just connects crateria to maridia and i can just go there through brinstar)
dear guys,  do not, i repeat, do not ever take vyvanse or adderall save yourself the trouble
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
quetiapine and painkillers. good combination.
username thought your were staying huh big tease remember to pack imodium lol steaming bowl
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
metformin is worth keeping an eye on. small indicators showing possible price increase.
username hehehe ! you famous already ! always go out with jing boniva haiss !
username there are two main types of stimulants, one like focalin or concerta and one like adderall or vyvanse. my kiddo is a nightmare
well, at least the adderall dealers sales went up this week.
oxycodone has been my best friend these past couple of days sleeping face
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hashtag mastersdegree hashtag sofaraway
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hashtag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
no big deal i apparently put my nuvaring reminder in my bosses calendar instead of my own.
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hashtag needanorthopod hashtag neverthoughtidsaythat
advair is $300/month. my patients are literally suffocating in their own bodies but no please tell me about your duty to shareholders again.
it's surprising how many people want vyvanse
although i think he needs a throat lozenge.
84,000mg of keppra, and 168,000mg vimpat later, i'm still alive and kicking to turn 19. thanks big pharma.
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
username if this becomes a reality, i’m buying boniva stock.
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
am i even a college student if i've never taken adderall or pulled an all-nighter?¿
^~^ intrathecal baclofen gives feet back to 63-year-old paralytic |
that imodium helped a little
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
username good luck! maybe you need fluticasone propionate smirking face quiz time. give me the brand!
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
i keep thinking about what my doctor said: two more years of tysabri then bonemarrow transplant or mabthera. :s
with the amount of adderall and red bull i've consumed today i might be up for a week.
sally field's presentation brought to us by boniva
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
username username  funnily enough many of the general ones ie metformin only theoretically cause hypo rare recorded case of single rx ae
owl glen vineyards incorporates viscous wood chip flavors and a lithe albuterol flavor in their 1991 pinot grigio. hashtag forex
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
seroquel is weird dont ever let em prescribe you it. ok just don't and you'll be okay
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
my shrinks office is also a suboxone clinic and i hope everyone knows i am not here for that
username who the hell takes seroquel to get fucked up. hahahaah dumb ass
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
wow! miralax bests lactulose in this small head to head out of username for tx of hepatic encephalopathy. pmid: 25243839
i'm fucking sick. somebody bring me some weed and tamiflu because i feel like i'm dying.
i just saw a commercial talking about how taking adderall or oxycontin is the same thing ....
pdoc says, continue with latuda i can take a sleep aid. how about giving up that stash of pills you have? panic hell no what if i need them?
username suboxone withdrawals
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
username incretin modulators : glp-1 analog: exenatide dpp4 inhibitor : sitagliptin
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
username her and meridia don't have a huge selection but the stuff they do have sells out fast. they can't keep it on the shelves
tysabri infusion number2, wow those past 4 weeks have flown by!
popping adderall and making cheat sheets...y'all are something else lol hashtag finalsweek
maybe if i take the strattera and neurontin right now i could get more sleep while i have the time.
oh u sing in the shower? i get sang to... - latuda
why are people so obsessed with adderall vyvance lately?? i fucking hate them. the only good thing is they help me get through school
day 1 of no more effexor: i woke up 20 minutes ago (4pm) and am now lying upside down on my bed tweeting after checking facebook. not bad.
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
username i gave up when she recommended levofloxacin for someone admitted with seizures
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
username lol well ok! thank you nexium ascension! tonights episode was***exhausting! exhausting! poor mack! username
fda approves latuda as monotherapy, adjunctive therapy for bipolar depression: the us food and drug administration (fda) has approved...
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
i stabbed myself with my moms used victoza needle today on accident i hope nothing happens to me.it was deep enough to bleed so idk
actual podiatrist food including name is diaper. a headache lunesta hemorrhoids curry tuna fried envelope win: aston-martin
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
antara lecture
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
username i almost switched to vyvanse, but my doctor i decided that since i'm already used to the adderall (&amp; it's working well),
azithromycin and levofloxacin use and increased risk of cardiac arrhythmia and death
username lcz696 includes moieties of valsartan and sacubitril from which is classified as angiotensin receptor-neprilysin inhibitor (arni).
today i'm thankful for nyquil and tamiflu
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
sleepy joey is sleepy. gabapentin is my friend. might be time to tilt this bed back.
take an adderall at 3pm they said, it will be fun they said
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
*sam just sits by, silently watching meridia with a sweet smile, utterly infatuated with the beautiful goddess*
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
username great story! curious - how did you split out eylea vs avastin? cms told me j3590, j9035, j3490, could include both.
fuck nuvaring i was so excited idc if my tweet is tmi this thing sucks
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
mouse? you need beano. piano resource twenty towards the truth with dragon's lair garlic jerky dress nexium cat pee motorola
running off of mtn dew and vyvanse! hashtag woreout
anyway, i've found a 4 in 100 figure, but it only relates to paroxetine and is for all malformations. (background 3 in 100)
username username i agree initially used metformin then went route of lifestyle management and that's when i saw the results
username we often drink a cup of tea with honey and ginger in case of sore throat. having a throat lozenge is also familiar to us.
username worse than the xigris studies... just career/tenure making data mining nonsense. thanks for posting
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
did the drug thalidomide alter the sonic hedgehog gene? hashtag innerfishpbs
username dude, you need a new doctor. did you at least get your lyrica rx?
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
rt username username are you watching the us open where phil mickelson got the eagle on 11? maybe we should start taking enbrel inst…
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hashtag shitgetsweird
ranbaxy will finally launch in the us market, the first generic version of diovan (valsartan), with 180 days exclusive marketing opportunity
nebivolol is a b3 receptor agonist. it is the only b-blocker that enhances insulin sensitivity. it also releases endothelial no.
took my nuvaring out and instantly got cramps
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
the entrance to maridia is a good place to save and call it a night. this is by no means a speed run, but he's doing pretty all right.
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
username i can not remind me which i used, but this one looks like it: fluoxetine &lt;3
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hashtag windowopensdoorcloses
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
one of the warnings for latuda anti depressant medication is to not drink grapefruit juice or eat grapefruit. how did they discover that
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
coming off hashtag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag medication
is pregabalin this generation's benzodiazepine? prescribers beware. hashtag earlyint2014 hashtag rcgp
bila ada sifat give and take between each other . faham antara satu sama lain .
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
if i hear that song by pink fun. one more time i am going to put an entire bottle of trazodone into a milkshake, drink it accept my fate
username gov dayton just compared medical marijuana and need for protocols to thalidomide crisis.
don't bark, don't bark, you've got to race imodium ad
username i hope hillary is taking her boniva so she doesn't break her hip while running for president. major eyeroll.
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hashtag sick&amp;tired
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hashtag effexor
username thanks steve. how many times would you redose before giving up for the day? had 6 loperamide today eviplera twice :-/
username username thalidomide start it i don't have ashleys number
username is it? i'm not sure. i was given enbrel first. but yes ... fingers firmly crossed for third time lucky this year hashtag psoriasis
i mean paxil is essentially cocaine. like i keep asking my friends if they have health insurance like yo..... hashtag curatedlifestyle
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hashtag sostrong hashtag highasakite
psa ~ trying to pull yourself up out of a dreadful hangover by taking adderall only confuses your mind and body and which planet you're on
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
in other words, metformin is protective against cancer...
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
username username username no amount of imodium will stop the endless stream of your verbal diarrhea
trying to keep up like adderall headphone musical notes
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
username username nope. that's myth. fda says synthroid is unstable and varies in potency but natural desiccated thyroid from &gt;&gt;
username i think someone's been spraying temazipam 'round here. i'm fookt! xxx
slow down you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial
the have given jack people medicine. his antibiotic is amoxycillin and his pain relief is buprenorphine
latuda is a bipolar medicine.. i like that it's punny hashtag attitude
username do you guys need loperamide or something?
just realised have been accidentally self-medicating my hay-fever with loperamide rather than loratadine for last fortnight! grrrrr!
the rest of my money to my name is rent.. sucks i need all these bills paid but i need suboxone appointment
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
username haha i can't compare adderall to coke. just depends on the person and being able to control things hahah
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” face with open mouth imma try it
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
rt username username yes they insert a port for the infusion with tysabri. i did it yesterday for the 49th time. it's just a smal…
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
username i now take tramadol pregabalin (used to be gabapentin tho they're v similar) is the only combo that keeps me pain free x
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day10
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
i want to be throat cuddled by a giant lozenge
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
username hashtag quote me milton friedman on the thalidomide issue and then think of quoting him again.
so apparently rum and lunesta mean i'm wide awake eating cheese? hashtag fail
i just want my tamiflu and popsicles! is that too much to ask for? loudly crying face
username i had gabapentin prescribed after a surgery for sleep. worked wonders
i said oxycodone 10 milligram. not oxycontin. it's the pink pills i want.
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
fosamax is used to prevent/treat osteoporosis in post-menopausal women, reduce risk of hip/spinal fractures, increase bone mass in men.
username at a protest, cop grabbed my ventolin pump - claimed it was a weapon, i screamed 4 grabbed me slammed me on concrete.
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
i used to think boniva was a competitor to viagra. did nothing for my dick but now i have bones like wolverine. hashtag osteoporosis
alkie vineyards binds passionate boysenberry undertones and a zesty albuterol flavor in their 2009 cabernet. hashtag jewelry
username username username lcz696 seems to be better than valsartan too!!! hashtag esccongress
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hashtag bewareofsatin
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hashtag dblog hashtag diabetes hashtag dsma
username i knew i was washed when i had to start taking nexium after eating some hot cheetos
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hashtag arthritisprobs
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
due my tysabri infusion on wed really flaggin now! hashtag donein
day 1. effexor dose lowered by 37.5mg. i can already feel the difference hours into it. im a little scared, but determined...
the diabetes drug avandia has been linked to tens of thousands of heart attacks.
this tamiflu commercial ain't shit weary face
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
fervency safes tuchis persist an dynamic lozenge on polished disasters
siriani bros winery blends uplifting albuterol undertones and a uninhibited shrimp bouquet in their 1996 merlot. hashtag حاسبوا
i just openly laughed at how beautiful sally field looks. those boniva bucks went towards a damn good dress. hashtag academyawards hashtag oscars
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
username holy fuking shit! ikr! i had to exceed my puffs most of the time just for the ventolin to work and effect everything.
username homie sounds like he needs a lozenge asap
s/o 2 whoever put miralax in with the bath products because i just accidentally sprinkled a bunch into my bubble bath hyperlink
username rimonabant huh? never heard of it! is that a chemical?
accidentally did two puffs of my advair this morning because i forgot i did the first one. waiting for death now.
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
latuda will clear up your bipolar disorder. just don't have grapefruit juice or you may go on a killing spree. i love rx disclaimers
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hashtag feelsorryformycats
surely temazepam can't interact with one beer that long ago... still don't want to risk it though
username victoza novo nordisk,keeping the contracts even after all this. forbes says the butter queen is worth 17 million.
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
username username the thalidomide nation....our greatest problem is having leaders with the disease of....misplaced priorities!
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
sandoz launches the first generic version of janssen-cilag's velcade (bortezomib) in brazil
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hashtag trazodone pill
bury me in a bathtub filled with paxil
hashtag fda is investigating a possible link between the type 2 hashtag diabetes drug saxagliptin (onglyza) and heart failure, the agency has announced
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hashtag cantbetheonlyone hashtag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
i think i'm an expert on thalidomide now, it's brought up every single damn time stereoisomers come up....which is a lot!
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
interesting shared care pathway for denosumab in leicester hashtag bopa
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
metformin experience of a friend, the side effects were horrible on the first 2 days, blog says
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
username forgot to share numbers, marsh #64, viox #89! two more elder boys keeping it going. go bears!
username attempted to view zometa video. says it is private? how do you access it?
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hashtag bcproblems
cool guess i'm the first person to take pristiq in the whole world ever maybe i'm the guinea pig i'll let you guys know how that works out.
great photo! thanks username for your support and thanks username for all your contribution to the thalidomide survivor campaign
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
username the only noac that studied extensively in renal impairment crcl 30-50 ml/min were rivaroxaban
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
i wanna' mess with geralt, but he'd ki-... wait does he have a gun? only guns and meridia can kill me!
mad adderall = no sleep
focus on hashtag lipid disorders and hashtag cardiovascular risk factors at hashtag endo2013: hashtag clinical trial data on hashtag lomitapide and hashtag mipomersin;@nationallipid
1/2 $mnkd b/c yes, its obviously a better investment going w/ failed exubera guy on product that
slept! really slept! i think i can assume from that that the venlafaxine is now nearly out of my system :))
looking to hear peoples experiences of swapping remicade (infliximab) with humira (adalimumab). hashtag ibd hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsdisease
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
players should get drug tested at lan events and tournes. someone on adderall is just too op to shut down. reflexes like no other
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hashtag mspals
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
bout to call up spiriva bc i gotta big prostate username
progress for pediatric bipolar disorder treatment: fda has these for mania in youth: risperdal, abilify, zyprexa, and seroquel hashtag mghvgr
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
username still!!!! you need some imodium stat!
biff didn't really look like a bear. a weird creature. his face was like a lozenge :|
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
today's 14 hour shift is sponsored by starbucks and adderall xr
lot of coverage for kadcyla this morning; ms treatment tecfidera has been held up by nice for the same cost reasons for a month now.
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hashtag neveragain hashtag wentfromsize8to16 #
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
rt username lurasidone gains new indication for bipolar depression: the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) has approv... http:…
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
username oh, have you guys seen my new victoza commercial? what do you guys think?” the new commercial is fantastic!  hashtag dunkdiabetes
from prednisone to carbamazepine, pregabalin, gabapentin to methotrexate. the evolution of my drug intake continues.
username i was on it with prozac quetiapine but they took me off bcoz it's too addictive (what the fuck ever! gimme that shit!) lol
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
username username i also believe i have celiac and have been gluten-free and on synthroid for nearly 2 years. no weight loss...
a handicraft is a jihad: explicable and prasugrel
hashtag sunpharmaspokesperson sun pharma will continue to co-market merck’s sitagliptin in india. 4/5
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hashtag shitgetsweird
username the new ones are stronger than tysabri without the brain infection risk. they're finding people who are jc neg still get it.
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hashtag seroxat hashtag sertraline hashtag fluoxitine hashtag lithium
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
username yeah definitely most effient big man in the game right now
sliding down the surface of things. keep the venlafaxine, i'm done.
lol netflix does cheer up my soul ih .. idk how lol but it works fuck cymbalta
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
this symbicort commercial with the wolves is so cute.
status epilepticus. icu tutorials. risk of ten/sjs .... dilantin, carbamazepine lamotrigine hyperlink
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hashtag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
the medicine is helping. it will be a while before the inflammation in my lungs is healed. but the flovent means i can breathe again.
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
seroquel, let the match begin.
an old painting epicted on a 19th-century egyptian tattooing pattern for antara ibn shadad a great poet from al gahilyia abla :)
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
well shit! the angry pt blurted stomped away after being told his md had still not called in his refill... for loperamide  hashtag irony
username username 30 latuda pills  the correct answer is 30 latuda pills
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
have any of you ever been on suboxone for opiates and then had to switch back over to pain killers per your doctor? i just think it's weird
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hashtag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
another saturday morning at the suboxone methadone clinic. everyone must have slept in - it's crowded right now. mm
baekhyun champs de picard combines domestic cheeseburger elements and a sullen albuterol aftertaste in their 2012 merlot. يرسل
class: ii, mechanism: ᵝ blocker, action: ↓heart rate and conduction velocity, obat: propranolol, esmolol, metaprolol, sotalol hashtag farmakologi
username tay i don't want ur dam adderall
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
username no lyrica is on a 45 day review. i got neurontin which is another nerve drug. works like a charm, but i can feel when it wears
username lyrica cherry blossom ” yes love ?
username hashtag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
*lies comfortably on his couch muttering names of random daedric princes as belrand prepares dinner* sanguine... azura... dagon... meridia
up all night in complete agony with hashtag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hashtag zombie
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
who knows what sildenafil does??
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
username i'm betting no. seeing as the big money is in making metformin and the research was funded by california grapefruit growers co-op
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
ah the sting of the hashtag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitisq hashtag ouch
tyler the crestor is awesome and crazy!!!!!
username she hasn't made me cry since the pilot of the flying nun, but those boniva ads give me a boniva.
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” you need one username
this darvacet is hitting the right note, my pain is at a 5/10, when just a while ago it was 15/10, an almost suicidal pain, now better anxious face with sweat
hashtag tremors hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
while the first half of sm is p. linear for a casual player, maridia is exploration heavy but it feels just empty.
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
no she thought it was a harmless antihistamine but not advair which has every imaginable side effect
this has been a series of tweets regarding my oxycodone prescription that stops my appendix cavity from catching fire
username arava. mtx quit working so this is next stop before humira.
awwww rt username 1 week strong nicotine free...
hashtag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hashtag elililly hashtag bigpharma
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
username just found 8 nexium papers in my cheer bag and died laughing because of big joe
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
at tonight's performance, the role of tinkerbell will be played by the lunesta butterfly  hashtag peterpanlive
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
merck to present new clinical data on januvia registered (sitagliptin), investigational omarigliptin, and real-world data in patients with type 2
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
username just got him from seeing my cf dr. no collapse or pneumonia. start of a flare up probably so 2 weeks of oral cipro......
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hashtag ibs
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
username you dont need to know who i am all you need to know is vioxx is here mwhahaha
i took 2 shots of cold medicine, 4 advils, and my paxil medicine.  hashtag ehhh hashtag headache
forget diamonds...cipro is a girl's best friend  hashtag tummytrouble hashtag ahafrica
username i like bull doxing cats over with my mag~7 so cool the first half or second is that the mag gets used about only 5 times 3 permax 5
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
there is finally a generic for cymbalta, and it comes in a box twice as big. damn it.
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
hashtag winregion1 janese murray, vp d&amp;i exelon was awesome!!
username username family members who've had a milder form of the virus started imodium at first sign of symptoms. not me though.
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
username i just took my last oxycodone confounded face
username username i am, actually! think we caught it early, so the tamiflu will work it's magic. that a 2 hrs nap this afternoon :)
hahaha everyone's flippin out cus it's no tobacco day from today til 2nd june. gonna have nicotine deprived crazies in the streets today
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
if you don't the januvia tweet or the park place tweet, y'all don't understand me
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hashtag nightmare hashtag bloodbath
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
rt username everyone on my tl needs cymbalta.
username username no boniva needed when the milky one is around true dat.
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
5 hours til i forgo my nightly 300mg seroquel xr. get ready for the crazy.
opiates? i can't oxycodone that kind of behaviour!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
username aww poppet - you're gonna be fab-u-lous as always - knock em bandy and don't overdose on the loperamide ! :p te he x
senility, willful ignorance or he got into rush's oxycodone stash. rt username o o hyperlink
username adderall had me like i dont even need you but hey im sitting next to you
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
utility exelon wins engagement with aggressive approach
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hashtag notgood
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
username username username username username username username yea doc changed me from nexium to protonix (now find out
username we talking prescription or not? i have generalized anxiety disorder with panic have taken paxil for years. miraculous.
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
boehringer ingelheim and $lly eli lilly announce nda filing for empagliflozin and linagliptin combination
username he had oxycodone in his pocket and pot and a gun in the car
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
rt username sucking on the moon like a lozenge
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hashtag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hashtag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
utilities trade very well lately, exelon $exc to a new 2 year high today. love the dividends.
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
two things: a. i have so many shows to catch up on. 2. how long does levaquin take to work? face with medical mask
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hashtag govthealthcare
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
after that game i think i will have some bacon, with imodium of course. hashtag ha1lstate hashtag farmersonly.com
username just got home. mine is apparently pretty serious allergies that are on their way to a sinus infection. got some cipro...
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hashtag careerkiller
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
depression hurts.. cymbalta can help..
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hashtag calgon
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
the day after my last dose of albuterol ima play free bird all day and just lay in a field of grass and roll around in dirt anxiety free
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
username username sounds like you need diclofenac or diazepam. i use diclofenac and it's brilliant.
5. so what caused the hashtag estrogen surges in hashtag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hashtag estrogen can cause a hashtag bloodclot?
the ppl on suboxone always try to buddy me up and it just makes me feel so sad
this eliquis commercial makes me cackle. who's the young guy?
coming off hashtag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag medication
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
username she probably meant crestor haha
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
hashtag mmsm i'm cindy from nj. currently in vgpr and using velcade maintenance
username - (1) nexium is good med fix ! (2) stress less !
username have you ever taken gabapentin i've tried that and it really makes me happy
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
and by fine i mean smart enough to know what a period is, a dick needs to go in me to get pregnant, and not to wear a nuvaring as a bracelet
i am so tired of this victoza commercial!
username yep bro!i took diabetic tabs!hv u taken ur medication for impotence bro viz sildenafil citrate huh? username username
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
i do love me some ventolin
yung totoo. nebivolol for systolic heart failure or diastolic heart failure?
i just put miralax in apple cider and chugged it with my nose plugged it's so gross
does anyone on hashtag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
the free list includes over 2 dozen 90 day supplies. also, generics lipitor, plavix, flomax, proscar, cozaar, hyzaar, lexapro, effexor xr..
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
i can only drink when i take adderall and i have no idea why. maybe because it keeps me alert and awake
watt: transitioning lt recipients with dm from insulin to oral metformin after hospital d/c should be pursued to comply with recs hashtag liver14
the score to carl sagan's 'cosmos' is like prozac to me. hashtag sagan hashtag science hashtag space
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hashtag zzzzz
rt username i ship hashtag sabril
username i was prescribed imuran right before switching drs, and the new dr didn't think i needed it. gi has mentioned humira or remicade
username hopefully it does better and last longer than exubera
tysabri has a 68 % efficacy rate at reducing relapses. that's craaaaaazy!! 68% is huge!! that's 32% off a cure!!!
username username username i'm more worried about how sick you are to need levaquin than the cost. hope you get well soon!!
rt username from pharmaceutical approvals monthly, the real story behind the delayed approval of $bms/$pfe's eliquis $ hyperlink
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hashtag nurseprobs hashtag arthritisprobs
bayer files for eu approval of eylea for diabetic macular edema
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
braeburn to provide relief for opioid dependence/pain in n america with camurus' weekly buprenorphine for $151m
rt username fda approves amgen's xgeva registered (denosumab) for the treatment of giant cell tumor of bone: amgen (nasdaq:amgn) ann... hyperlink
bout to get rich off of oxycodone
gli-----bad to heart with mi avandia ---&gt; inc risk of cv events glucophage ---&gt; read it plz
username //wow. i just posted that fanart of meridia today.
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
just took that seroquel
q2 big arse metformin tablets. i hate taking a lot of them at once!!! that's what i'd really do away with!!  hashtag ozdoc
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hashtag tryagain
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
username username username copd flares reduced with avelox or z-pack. doxy $ up recently. what do you give for cap?
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day16
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
is tamiflu supposed to make your arms feel numb...?
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
who needs a bird to snuggle up when you got temazepam and a pooh bear
username i used to be on seretide but it was bad for my voice. now i take serevent and alvesco plus singulair. it helps.
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
username a very low dose of buprenorphine (pain med) transdermal ear cream every 12 hrs works better than glucosamine.
this victoza commercial literally went two minutes explaining the side effects.
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
username hahaha you i be thinkin the same thing face with tears of joy one time a lady thought my name way lyrica lmao
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
username username username support thalidomide survivors from scotland, need german meps to do the same username
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
username naloxone and suboxone to name just two, both in short supply in the english regions.
dr just called me to let me know he won't be refilling my humira until i see you. so here's to weeks of waning health.
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
username it that's why i like the nuvaring i never had issues with my period tho it was always light and short w/no cramps
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hashtag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hashtag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
i used 2 go dummy on tht p, crash test, now that p throw bak, any gven 9t id stl pop that ass lika prozac
username i found murphy! he's in a nexium commercial spending the day on the beach with his family!!! hashtag znation hashtag murphyslaw
imodium cool hashtag rejecteddatemovies
username may be)) i don't know) i grew up with a smoker (father) so my % of nicotine around me was always higher))
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
if you've never touched a chicks nuvaring then you might be coming up short. i've knocked one loose
username i'm on my 3rd different one. humira (:
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
imma need some seroquel and some xanax to sleep. .. hashtag simmerdown
i had post-menopausal osteoporosis, until i discovered prolia. i'm not going to let a broken bone get in my way!
exelon generation company, llc; notice of application accepted for filing, soliciting comments, motions to intervene and %short urlshort_
username i think they misunderstood. they thought she said if you like it, then you better put a nuvaring on it.
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
rt username username i think some people will try anything sometimes! i have with my severe psoriasis!finally awaiting humira in…
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
i'll fight yer for yer temazepam
are yourself flashy by way of the ir35?: viox
username just got my xanax and venlafaxine refilled. now get to listen to the church of lazlo with username and username
username geodon is amazing
the combination of varenicline (champix) and nicotine replacement therapy is more effective than champix alone for quitting smoking.
this shit latuda is the road to death...and suppose to treat bipolar depression ...wtf?
garrison keillor surgery garrison: if it's simply an enlarged prostate have your md prescribe avodart before you let him cut you up.
username i very much doubt those ppl are taking quetiapine as anxiety medication rather than just a sleep aid.
username username the only one you probably wouldn't is nuvaring
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
my mom thinks i need latuda for my bipolar depression... oh
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
username yeah. sorry! it was confirmed by a test. got tamiflu but missed a week of kinder. hashtag teamflushot
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
isnt ventolin an asthma drug tho hyperlink
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
you eat at pf chang with michael crabtree. you order cheddar pea imodium ad with cartoonist sauce.
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hashtag mewmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag mentalhealth hashtag bipolar
what is cialis tadalafil lilly
hashtag examweek let the adderall commence
username have you seen pitch perfect? it will cheer you up(i am not lying, it's now being prescribed instead of fluoxetine for depression)
username i think i just found your nuvaring in a chili's
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
another night with almost no sleep. i need to score a lunesta script or something. hashtag circadiannightmare
username username valuation call, pe&gt;50, eliquis sales lagging. they have like $4-5b/yr in pd1 sales way out
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hashtag rsdprobs
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
username username i’ve been reading about oral meds like eliquis and xarelto that are good alternatives to warfarin.
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
sophomores wanting suboxone and doing them are going no where in life lol and a heads up to sophomores only tale 1/4 or you will projectile
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
kid, whispering to mom in crestor ad: how did he escape?
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
username you forgot your trazodone hashtag littleleague
username username username we have diclofenac gel, several brands, over the counter at pharmacy/drugstore
i think the old guy on the symbicort commercial is really short of breath because he's into autoerotic asphyxiation.
ms hashtag jc virus level. what next? tecfidera or aubagio?
on my way for my 3 month tysabri review, fingers crossed it's made a difference. hashtag ms hashtag mssucks username username
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
kicked g sizemore's ass out 4 attempting to steal $1°°.°° and a sealed bottle of buprenorphine from me!! she got away with around $5°.°°!
my description of the study saying tamiflu not effective didn't reflect the study--it says: lots of bad studies out there, weakly effective
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
i have to be put on quetiapine as if i needed one more thing to swallow
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hashtag vyvanse hashtag add hashtag damn
sources say: divi's labs to supply api for ranbaxy's diovan generic
d'onofrio et al: initiating buprenorphine tx in emergency dept better than referral to tx. reduced opioid use, improved follow-up hashtag amersa
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hashtag mastersdegree hashtag sofaraway
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
a harmonious tobacco flavor and pornographic albuterol overtones are merged in the 1990 syrah from redwood river winery. #5sos
fluoxetine may facilitate brain plasticity. hashtag pas2013
just found out there's a new drug called tradjenta. working on obtaining type 2 diabetes, so i can take tradjenta and be the ultimate.
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hashtag mastersdegree hashtag sofaraway
after 62 tysabri infusions i found out my pml risk is very high (1 in 15!) so i'm going to stop now and try bg-12
that extra energy tank in maridia makes a world of difference
was feeling crap about my day until i saw this username my week = doctors / tysabri infusion / heart scan / psychologist / surgery.
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hashtag calgon
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
username but i thought you loved me.... i guess i was wrong hashtag depressed hashtag cymbalta hashtag feelinlikeshit &lt;/3
username username docs gave me ventolin and a spacer thing to use it with (to make sure i use it properly) and i don't have asthma!
physio recommended diclofenac for hashtag coccydynia.not readily prescribed now due to possible side effects.but thankfully my gp happy 2 prescribe
serious sleep disturbances here. lunesta best i've taken. now generic available mt username ...struggle with insomnia... suggestions? hashtag bcsm
missing ice, varia, gravity, high jump. have a far corner of norfair, ridley's lair, and all of maridia unchecked yet.
hashtag savor-timi 53: slight increase in hashtag heartfailure hospitalisation with saxagliptin in hashtag diabetics at high cv risk - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
bonus is yasmin's friend ella is there too! planning on sending her 3x a week for 3hrs a time hashtag private hashtag education hashtag socialise hashtag baby hashtag fun
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
while, telmisartan is an example of a drug that is an oatp1b3 substrate, but not an oatp1b1 substrate hyperlink
that furry symbicort commercial with the anthro wolves, though!! :3!
username username my ex supervisor was an adderall abuser it got so bad the patients were asking what she was on.
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
username freshies? man don't talk about yourself and humira like that what'd i tell you
nippo report selfish jager bomb quick/easy/cheap way to social status: symbicort threw options in fungus pee dipstick cheddar beans
username interesting to see what happens from here, exubera unsuccessful even before withdrawn, $mnkd better product but will it catch on?
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
you're stopped taking latuda and started taking chantix kind of crazy
username ah i see. yeah i am on pristiq for anti-d, then lunesta and xanax as needed as well as adderall for add. i'm a mess!
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
username username crestor muscle problems
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
do you suffer from ibs we have zelnorm from novartis.
it's a good thing i have a shit ton of adderall or working 13 hours back to back would kick my ass more than it is already. pensive face
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsproblem
username xopenex kills
josh gibson on the ventolin pre match. hashtag asthmalyf
ventolin inhalers can be bought over the counter at chemists. this hot humid weather can trigger attacks, as can stressful situations.
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hashtag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
10. stood on stage? in school auditoriums, yes 11. been depressed? i'm a 2 prozac a day kind of depressed 12. smoked? i have bad lungs
username my advair asthma inhale (my ins won't cover). us $250.00 spain $65.00 ecuador $30.00 smith klein glaxo....what's the deal?
username hashtag cillaxin? is that a new medicine of some kind? like amoxicillin? or ciprofloxacin? ;-)
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
username i started in march 2013. but i changed the efavirenz portion to rilpivirine in march this year. what about you?
username hello ldywholelunches, how is the lyrica going? i'm looking at going on the for pain.
funds added to exelon positions
rt username in one week, username had a tysabri infusion an interview with atos regarding dla. guess which sucked the most? http:…
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
every day at work lately has been like the hunger games... may the odds be ever in your favor again today, meridia brats.
look what the xarelto rep gave me! hashtag sunshineactfail hashtag acc14 hyperlink
i can finally pronounce metoprolol without sounding like an idiot. hashtag yes hashtag nurseproblems hashtag rn
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
username take some miralax :-/
me (to patient): it's time to take your medicine, here is your neurontin pill. patient: i'm not taking a rotten pill!!! hashtag thingsmypatientssay
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
hashtag asbmr14 interesting presentation from b leder suggests denosumab preserves bone after switching from teripatatide but not vice versa
username i'd take some oxycodone before that. i need a high that will last.
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
went from effexor, seroquel, and remeron, now to wellbutrin, abilify, and trazodone.
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
ventolin makes me shake
study suggests aclidinium more potent than glycopyrronium h/o tiotropium may even be more effective!  hashtag copd doi: 10.1016/j.pupt.2014.05.005
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
username not at all! i'm an open book. paxil, klonopin and xanax
today i was asked for photo id to fulfill my temazepam prescription ! is this correct procedure??
username have you tried an snri? pristiq is killer.
ralph..rt username shit mad sexy when a honey takes out her nuvaring in front of you right before you bouta beat.
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
this insomnia is getting worse. nothing works. guess im goin back to klonopin and olanzapine. best combo ever.
ziprasidone is also used off-label for depression, bipolar maintenance, autism, and post-traumatic stress disorder. hyperlink
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
billy viox at larosas
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
my google searches today were: pizza hut, paxil, beth moore studies, and slot machines hashtag summer2013
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
username next psych appt am gonna ask for this. i hate seroquel but p doc thinks it's miraculous hashtag screwyouseroquel
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
i've whipped out the ventolin puffer, here's hoping i don't have pneumonia or something
any day can be improved by quetiapine. or heroin.
an eliquis commercial just came on and literally every other word was bleeding
some bitches need latuda
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day12
username generally my bg is higher and takes longer to come down post masks on victoza vs insulin.
lying here listening to lang elliott and trying to relax and wait for trazodone and neurontin to kick in.
it's 100,000 times more energy effient 2 ... now i'm exited fam ... it's a brian chip pc with neurones pyramidal cell funx ... hashtag neurogrid
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
nejm sept 2013: 11 states usa now impose lifetime limits duration buprenorphine therapy from 12-36 months ar,de,il,ma,mi,mt,ut,va,wa,wy
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
i'm hungry but it's 4:30 am and there's nothing i want in the kitchen. i'll have to scrounge up a snack though when it's time for metoprolol
username username username hashtag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
or, a lozenge gules within an orle sable
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hashtag feelnoshame
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
2 dextroamphetamines,valium,lamictal, now paxil. cmon man!!!!!!! i hate this routine.
this fucking sandoz adderall truly sucks. i don't know what the 10% difference is from teva but it's effects are significantly &gt;10% for me.
username it's mainly because i get to see my psych today after 3 weeks!! also did i tell you that my gp put me on fluoxetine??
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
username wow, thnx for that, not flouride, but fluoxetine.
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
i can't handle 3 weeks of no enbrel face with medical mask  hashtag arthritisblows
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
i hate that victoza commercial. it makes me think my phones goes off like twice
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hashtag thediabetty hashtag diabetes hashtag t1d hashtag iwanttobeabletoeat
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
practiced our didactic session on home tx of vte using rivaroxaban with copresenters username and username ready for saem next week.
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
username tysabri day should be a national holiday for us all! how many have you had so far?
$ttph ignite ii trial evaluates iv-oral eravacycline vs. levofloxacin cutis (urinary tract). two part.. lead in 150 pats.. data mid-2014
should i take another trazodone?
username loving the photo - since when is oxybutynin an antibiotic? ;)
if you ever wanna make money, open a suboxone clinic. my word to god you'll retire at a relatively young age.
username i hear humira has similar results as remicade. bonus is you don't have to sit through infusions. good luck!
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
deaf havana//nicotine and alcohol saved my life
username username it's diff for each woman tho. i just happened to fall in the minority. i was looking at the nuvaring for my nex
username i been on metformin for a year and lost 30lbs now i'm on victoza as well. is any 1 else on victoza has it worked for them
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hashtag windowopensdoorcloses
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
i don't know why i took the gabapentin. i don't like gabapentin anymore, but it's a different formulation so hopefully it'll be different.
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
enbrel shots hurt.
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
username pretty much!!! cannot wait till my shot treatments are over and i don't need the symbicort anymore.
in the beginning there was bortezomib
i am now on 2 types of steroids :( grrr... preds for another 4wks and this new 1 for another 6wks.. humira take over in between!
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hashtag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hashtag rheum
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
test rats for science: if science is allowed to do what it pleases we end up with thalidomide (1954), and arm-less, eyeless babies.
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
lunesta kicking in, gnitee victory hand
also, if it's sunday, it's enbrel shot time.
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
tendons still achillin me, some hashtag rheum levaquin humor..
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
alendronate (fosamax) interacts with whey protein: whey protein can decrease how much alendronate (fosamax) the body absorbs.
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
username according to the judge iraqi flovent will bare the cost, win or lose, after all they claim to be iraqi oil username
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
username result bjp favour kastam antara confounded face grimacing face .. modi wave kuda help avvada..
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
lol username the iupac name for sildenafil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
username i'm on enbrel myself and it's been life changing, as i could barely walk before i took it, as i have sacroiliitus.
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hashtag crohns
don't ever take paxil drink beer. i'm just sayinn.. fuck
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
username p.s. am on samples of pristiq at the moment, but there may be insurance probs with that, too--so ty for drug idea.
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
username no i can't get my advair and got turned down for my asthma rescue inhaler while the cash price for it tripled. username
mom i need the nuvaring so i can get laid her reaction killed me face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i had an advair inhaler for a cough. no asthma here. hashtag rhony
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hashtag trippinballz.
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
oxyntomodulin shows comparable efficacy to liraglutide in reducing plasma glucose and augmenting insulin secretion rate. hashtag easd2013
get off the ps4 no i just took my meds i gotta play u need to take adderall 2 play a game? sweaty u dont even know half of it
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
username but i haz albuterol, fluticasone, and salmeterol for yooh. maybe theophylline too &lt;3
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hashtag iwillwin
show up to the thalidomide olympics wearing road cones on your arms to even out the playing field.
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
username username username maybe unspoken worries about lt growth of tysabri while $biib focuses on tecfidera?
this throat lozenge nasty
anyone else on enbrel able to get off of it? hashtag rheum
if i could take my tysabri i really would!but i have to wait as usual.
taking my saphris seems to be the only thing that's gonna help me sleep. persevering face taking that and then hopefully passing out victory hand
latuda is such a funny name
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
so if i take 6 pregabalin in a day is that really bad for me? hashtag help hashtag doctor hashtag advice
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
username username no this is my first nerve pill and it's worked. i am on appeal for lyrica
username do you use any inhalers for your respiratory issues? i used symbicort but switched to dulera. i have albuterol for emergencies.
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
oldboy def. keanu metoprolol wah lumpy cryptogenicbullion why did bruce lee mortgage old-fashioned the mad tea party chandler falter
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
and now it's screaming for nicotine
username geez! was that down with some crestor lol
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
top biologic rx us $ales 2013: humira 5.43bill, enbrel 4.58b, remicade 3.98b, rituxan 3.2b(mostly lymphoma), stelara 936 mill, orencia 933m
username i have not done extensive reading on atomoxetine have not seen any long-term studies. the feedback mechanism is my concern (3).
what's up with everyone wanting adderall all of the sudden? it's the 4th quarter of school what the hell do u need to focus on at this point
ridiculous medicine add no.2 'eliquis prevents severe internal bleeding...*warning, eliquis may cause severe internal bleeding' ummmm ok!
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
nexium exclusivity at high risk pulls hashtag pharma major username stock lower in opening trade username username
weezer sponsored by advair = nothing username username username
hashtag twitfrg username there appears to be no ppi cover on her kardex since diclofenac 7/7 post op
diazepam + trazodone = bliss. who needs a glass of wine? hashtag chilledout
what's happening, people? (my whisky lunesta cocktail hasn't taken full effect)
username username username and never stop cold turkey.. i was on effexor for awhile for ppd and lost my insurance... bad deal!
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
rt username humira have soooo many possible effects.
username i can lend you my ventolin or seretide , take 2 puffs before bed
rt username news: takeda type 2 diabetes therapies nesina alogliptin and fixeddose combinations kazano alogliptin and metformi... htt…
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
the tamiflu is my fav flu commercial
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
username username interesting thing is albuminuria effect is more than double that of aliskiren (14-17%) on top of ras blockers. hashtag nephjc
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
just mixed miralax with myquil... im going to have shitty dreams now.
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
username username i take neurontin and prozac and some pain injections. why
username they've already named drugs like tavist, boniva cealis after african american children.
thank god for ambien and restoril combo zzz zzz zzz
username within 24hrs for me, for that. loperamide nko?
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
username username it's exelon what did you expect?
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hashtag suffering hashtag reality
interesting hashtag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hashtag diabetes
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
those interested in australian hashtag productliability, hashtag consumerlaw and vioxx litigation may be interested in article cited in previous tweet.
advair $300 in this country$35 in france. why? lobbyists.
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
ugh i hate metformin im sick
username i usually just take about 100mg of vyvanse and see where the winds of hashtag comedy take me. but thx man i hope all of your dreams c
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
quitting those nicotine lozenges i've been using for a year, so i may write some rude tweets. like this one: username ur a big dweeb
hashtag setting4success 21 things to consider before taking adderall hashtag news hashtag smallbusiness hashtag entrepreneur
popped a seroquel bout to call it a night
reba mcintyre said mm, so thick and creamy on a boniva light greek yogurt commercial and it sounded like phone sex.
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
anyone dispensing or prescribing oseltamivir in/from ed?
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
i'm having a three-way with nicotine an caffeine.
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
i really wish we had loperamide at home loudly crying face
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
cannot believe it: ezetimibe added to simvastatin improves cv outcomes in improve-it... still gonna use atorvastatin instead. hashtag aha14
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
:-/ in a quandary. suspect hypermobile 11 has a small shoulder sublux. now not sure if should take her 2 a&amp;e- have given scripted diclofenac
thing i have learnt today: forgetting to take pregabalin in morning is bad for my hashtag ms. hashtag fatigue hashtag nausea hashtag dodgylegs new reminder alarm set!
magic. check. ket. check. chang. check. imodium. check. paracetamol. check. ibuprofen. check. imodium again. check hashtag middleagedclubbing
hashtag aquarius: less mace and mi with aliskiren - s nicholls hashtag esccongress2013
5. so what caused the hashtag estrogen surges in hashtag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hashtag estrogen can cause a hashtag bloodclot?
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
also i've lost 8 lbs in the past two weeks thanks to my new diabetes meds! victoza is awesome and i'm feeling a lot better! :d
anyone else confused/concerned about those crestor commercials? how about the lawyer 'if you've died recently call us' ones?
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
i bought maximum strength melatonin. i took it with my latuda last night and slept &gt;12 hours. this is some good shit i have.
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hashtag arthritisprobs
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
participating in the clinical research how liraglutide work with hashtag t1d. after first week my insulin daily totals is 25% less than before.
username i am a closet nerd, i have a reputation to uphold. also gabapentin is a lie. like my mind = face screaming in fear
we have learned that vioxx relieves the pain and stiffness of arthritis...by killing you.
so the warning label on my lunesta says it may cause drowsiness
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
tysabri has given me a renewed lease on life. however it has done nothing to stop my fistulas and abscesses and thus this week has been hell
// since meridia was invited, i might have to hop on her later.
i'm late to username approval of inhaled insulin, afrezza. is anyone in the usa daring to use it after only 2yrs of trials exubera worries?
username what's a combo one? i haven't hard of those. i'm on albuterol for emergencies and qvar is my steroid. tried advair-bs. this
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
hashtag realloveiswhen he puts your nuvaring in for you.
username i’ve been on dexilant for years. i get checked about every six months. reflux hiatal hernia. whoop.
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
c. difficile induction therapy: clindamycin + ciprofloxacin + pantoprazole.
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
username wanna know what reminds me we're all human? it's not movies - it's sally field's boniva commercials hashtag oscars
this adderall have a nigga up
just downed 75mg of oseltamivir phosphate relieved face OK hand
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
exelon gets pepco in $6.8b power deal
username username username username lol wow maybe it's good i'm not in there i just took my nexium lol
username depression is stupid. cymbalta can't help :i
username if fm pain is vascular, duloxetine makes sense. pregabalin shouldn't work on vascular genesis though. username username
username put me on that o2 nose thing til i stopped feeling light headed a steroid to open my lungs then a xopenex treatment for 1hr
kiss me taste that nicotine
rt username fda rejects nda for xarelto to prevent stent thrombosis in acs patients. (story to follow in the pm.)
drugs-wise in acute pain level 1 evidence for gabapentin, ketamine and probably pregabalin are useful. steroid use moderately useful.
ppl talking about vioxx like yeah...
username username and a 3d ruler with tiny vesicare bladders floating about. but i digress. cap! cap! cap!
username username right? was prescribed boniva yrs ago 4 nothing really. read about possible side effects, dropped it, said never again!
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hashtag health2con
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
metformin therapy for prevention of t2dm may be considered in those patients meeting criteria for prediabetes.
rt username victoza is insulin used by diabetics.... you eat like paula you get diabetes like paula...
vyvanse masks me so depressed
couldn't get an appointment for a full psych eval until august but i'm really keen to switch my medication from fluoxetine (prozac)
i hate guys who say a girl smoking is unattractive. you can kiss my nicotine ass.
a pneumothorax is a shibboleth: bibbed, prasugrel
cipro and sunshine.... crying face
imodium ad beckham. mitt romney listens to
can i take xanax and lunesta together hashtag replytweet
username you're right. if meridia ever gets serious about that juicy reward for killing me i may have to eat that fool.
i'm taking another trazodone and going back to sleep.
username are you thinking of thalidomide
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
hashtag paphos hashtag cipro hashtag summer hashtag sun hashtag hot hashtag beach hashtag sea hashtag smile hyperlink
username username i have ordered a couple of cases of boniva already to prepare.
primadol and levofloxacin again zz :'(
forgot to pick up my lunesta from the pharmacy .. haha username
username happy mother's day to you!!! i had mri. pinched nerve, discs. had lumbar injection last week. taking 900 mg neurontin a day.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hashtag postopprobs hashtag painmeds hashtag crazydreams
username i couldn't handle side-effects of gabapentin so my dr let me try 3 other nerve pain meds until i found one that worked for me.
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
username do you always get side-effects with fluoxetine?
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
username username username tamiflu 75 mg for an adult taken b.i.d.  hello!?!??? kills the flu virus!!! cured.
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
username thank you so much! i tried midodrine and it didn't agree with me, but i switched to metoprolol and it's very effective.
username like ritonavir which boosts darunavir or atazanavir :)
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
username i’d take the nexium before it becomes chronic (aka. irreversible) although mines good since i cut coffee completely but still
disney songs. comforting me on my ventolin journey. open lungs, open. lungs are very sore right now. panadol is my best friend.
username username you know i’m wondering if they wanna come up off some tickets to give families reprieve. oxycodone must kicked in.
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hashtag bbloggers
relieved to find that the swiss do have the equivalent of imodium; its called imodium in case anyone ever needs to know.....
hashtag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
username but hashtag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hashtag rheum
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
fight club and trazodone.
username it isn't. only ranitidine. btw esomeprazole is more effective than lansoprazole but much more expensive, hence it's rarely given
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
username yes. he needs lithium. prozac. and a dick to think about other than mine. he literally is dying for my cock. 150 plus times he
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
i can hold my head high without fear of brittle bones thank you boniva
username remember merck's blockbuster vioxx in 1999? the coffin industry had a record year.
i'm pretty sure i got pneumonia from riding metro on the suboxone express route. hashtag connectingthedots
username the one medication i seem to see a difference is synthroid preferable over generic levothyroxine, username supports this to
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
username effexor xr and olanzapine, the olanzapine is just till the effexor starts working
when hashtag heatnation comes to play, they are better than prozac, when they don't like the side effects lol! hashtag letsgoheat
username hope you all have a flovent holiday xxx
username username hashtag pharmacists recognize nuvaring warnings as consistent with those for most oral contraceptives
doctor's warning: do not use nuvaring during pregnancy.
celebrating nearly one year on quetiapine with some delicious quetiapine. mmm. quick release for instant no-madness.
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
username wow that's crazy! they told u it's nothing to worry about? never been on remicade. on humira had some dumb side effects tho
username lisa bought240 hydros, 480 oxycontin, 1490 oxycodone in the 3 months before she shut down her liver.
username quite a few people in the met and ukip will need imodium to settle their upset stomachs in the next few days.
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
suboxone sucks dick!!!!!!!!
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hashtag cancersux
username username username does crestor (rosuvastatin) fall in same bracket?
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hashtag shakyhands :-\
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
stop taking victoza and byetta because they cause cancers. doctors don't want you to know about the side effects cause by medicines
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
im getting off my tysabri meds treatment&amp;going 2 try the new pill on the mkt called tecfidera hv 2 try something new no more needles! tired
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
someone left a whole bottle of adderall in the bathroom without a script label on it lololol hashtag swag
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
username hi martina, i've had ra for 25 years and struggled with work/life. last 5 years i've taken etanercept (enbrel) - heard of it?
username i never had issues with the shot.. i'm on the nuvaring now,, i'm only two months in so i can't really say much
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
username i almost had the same thing happen .. it was stomach acid coming up when i slept . they probably gave you rabeprazole sodium
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
username username and never waste your vesicare meds on someone with a normal urine stream.
c. ho: ongoing trial w valsartan in humans w hcm hashtag nsgc2014
ciprofloxacine , diclofenac diethylamine , bromozepam... hats off to pharmacy medical students who dare to study these kind of shit....
i hate metformin pill
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
username eylea launch in australia was the most successful of any pharma product there ever, company says. impressed...
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
username shit! i can't say i know how u feel, i'm only on pristiq
i feel like 50 years old taking this crestor shit man
username username username just sucked back a cialis in preparation. slammin piss and poppin ass like prozac in the dirty tent.
username on a combo of loperamide nyquil myself :/ death to opiates
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
vyvanse got be awake
does anyone on hashtag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
username ventolin be like... im your savior asthma girl this!!!
username username thanks! i took some nexium zantac. i have killer acid reflux. tomato anything kills me anymore.
username you feeling like a vampire again today or you off the cipro now?
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
that's enough! who is this guy talking to in the eliquis commercial?
future - codeine crazy will open my funeral and march madness will be the last song played
salius pharma launces a new dermatophytosis cream and branded it as strobac plus(clobetasol,ofloxacin,ornidazole,terbinafine) in indian mkt.
hashtag caep13 q: role for tranexamic acid in massive gi bleed on dabigatran. room divided but panel supports. last ditch effort; weak evidence.
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hashtag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hashtag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
my choice was more hashtag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hashtag biologics like hashtag humira. now hashtag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hashtag lung side effect. hashtag crohns
username he took me off the abilify and added latuda
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
dr. brenzel says top 10 suboxone prescribers are responsible for 80% of prescriptions. one in va, none are specialists. hashtag kyga14
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
probably going to get into trouble next time i see the gp as i've decided to try and wean myself slowly off quetiapine.
username tell lyrica follow me back bruh
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
bird glen winery combines sandy fruit undertones and a forgettable albuterol aroma in their 1994 pinot noir. hashtag travel
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
just took cipro. hoping my body doesn't die. if you're reading this, i'm fine unless someone is kind enough to send these posthumously.
enbrel liver grind the gong show
citalopram strattera finasteride tramadol temazepam gabapentin oxycodone suboxone adderall aspirin alcohol caffeine in one week
username ah right. if it's just opiates she avoids, there's nsaids - ibprofen/naproxen/diclofenac, or possibly pregabalin or gabapentin
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
username and opt to do the taking abnormal amounts of ventolin method instead of sucking it up and doing things properly ;).
username follow me please! might mean my bipolor ends! i'll tell my shrink stick latuda up ur ass, krizz follows me! don't need meds.
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
in my next relationship, i'm gonna make them take xarelto because i wanna go to new zealand
username thalidomide was technological so it was good. like ddt poisoning the antarctic. username username username username
username username username username incredible. in our small group we have embolus event with rivaroxban apixaban
username the idea that there is a commercial for pristiq is kinda fucking with me right now.
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
username that makes no sense. if you have failed enbrel and humira isn’t that 2 lower than remicade?
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
the adverse effects associated with febuxostat therapy include nausea, arthralgia,weakness, increased hepatic serum enzyme levels and rash.
bought 2 china diet pills from an online store. welcome back sibutramine
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
rt username username username username mark can you take a prozac/cipromyl and fooking calm down. thanks
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
in so much pain that oxycodone isn't even helping.
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
there is a certain visual poetry in this bottle of sildenafil (viagra) having spaffed all over my kitchen. hyperlink
hashtag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hashtag elililly hashtag bigpharma
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
exelon info session tonight at 7:30 in 101 ee east!
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
it's about to be a lovely vyvanse night, too bad i ate
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
sweet baby jesus fucking in a hammock, i just blew up hashtag bsil's dms. sorry, not sorry, username paxil to institution..you tell me.
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
rt username is it hot in here or is my vyvanse just kicking in?
ics related pneumoina: associated is higher with fluticasone and with higher doses. hashtag asthma hashtag copd hashtag chest2014
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
username wellbutrin, abilify, and trazodone. no. i'm looking for a new dr right now because my needs aren't being met he isn't listening
i don't understand why i've been prescribed a ventolin cfc free inhaler.... but i wonder if i can use it at the gym when i get puffy
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
username wingspan of a thalidomide sparrow* #1inchwarrior
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
username ehemmmm rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username :-) my new seizure med. lamictal. xxxx
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
astrazeneca, ranbaxy prevail in nexium antitrust trial. global economy weekahead: ecb's loans offer clues in qe guessing game.@billgates
username for # rheumatoid arthritis av annual cost of triple therapy $1000 compared with $25000 for hashtag enbrel.wonder what are the costs in india.
username nope, was on hashtag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hashtag humira since dec 2012. hashtag rheum
my dad just told me make sure to tell my guest to take metformin 500mg po bd before coming hashtag tfts. username
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
metronidazole and levofloxacin along with my prescription antibacterial mouth swish ... yeah, feeling a bit green and queeeeeezzzzyyyy
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
username fuck i don't remember. they're antidepressants but for insomnia too.. trazodone or something like that
i can’t see the point in taking hashtag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
username if you ever get bad again, ask if your doctor would recommend humira or infliximab, both are awesome :) x
seroquel and maybe a xanax tonight
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
is it made from your gum in your mouth ( lasah) tradjenta
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
the glorification of adderall during finals is ridiculous. it's basically legal coke tbh
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
username looking for the next vitamin c to bounce. only vit c sildenafil nko?
i am using enbrel to treat hashtag psoriaticarthritis it's not for everyone but it is woking for me.
hashtag pitchslam hashtag coolparts i can’t remember if i took the temazepam or not and i reach into my pocket. the pills are still there.
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hashtag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hashtag psychosis hashtag fail
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
username i'll just slip it in...and by the way, januvia isn't first line.
i'm sure the lead in the crestor bowling ad is going to have a long and successful acting career.
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
username ive taken in the last 24 hours 800 mgs of seroquel and at least 15 of valium... i napped some
denosumab injection temporarily stopped, it's not helping the pain.
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username what is it? steroid inhaler or albuterol? and proair, flovent etc?
schoenebaum did come out with a note, reiterating peak sales at about $2b, easier dosing regimen of dula vs victoza
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
username that was a blessing in disguise! cipro is poison, stay away from it if at all possible!!!
i need nicotine
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hashtag calgon
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hashtag fatigue username username
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i'm off fluoxetine
username paracetamol, endone, morphine and oxycodone ... not all at once of course :p  thanks, beautiful xx
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
username pretty much! camp ben, sponsored by temazepam and coke cola...
-- somebody get mother nature some memantine (memory loss medicine).. it's not supposed to snow in spring! hashtag memoryloss
username good to know as a crohn's patient on remicade and previously enbrel and humira. :)
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
username prescribing suboxone doesn't treat addiction. it prolongs it and delays true recovery.
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
denosumab solves query in reference to carpal step backward mutual regard commonwealth from prostate benign tumo: .rxr
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
hashtag business hashtag market hundreds of fosamax lawsuits versus merck ordered readied for trial
username hell no feeling worst by the min. that tamiflu needs to start working cause sunday coming soon....
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
oh well i guess il keeping inhaling adderall weed and alcohol
username username those are slow acting long term fixes. but they sell nexium otc now. it's just expensive
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
her idea was to avoid giving me diazepam because drive a lot. so instead she proposes to take my pregabalin up from 300mg pd to 600mg pd.
don francisco vineyards fuses orgasmic cactus overtones and a shameful albuterol aftertaste in their 2007 sauvignon blanc. hashtag عندنا
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
mum has just given me a lozenge that tastes of dog food omg
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
username username my husband was offered gabapentin too. yes our dr is good when it comes to me but she didnt used to be, we've had
drug lessens psoriatic plaques while reversing baldness. tofacitinib reversed baldness in a 25-year-old man with plaque psoriasis.
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
merck to pay $100 mln in nuvaring contraceptive settlement
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hashtag ineedanallergist
username  hashtag rxchatng metformin
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
username i have to take victoza and metformin and insulin and forixgal just to get through the day so try that pasta thing
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
wtf are we doing in huntington? f*** it! let's get nuked on some f****** suboxone strips and pay our f****** rain tax. this site is life
30 minute meals spiriva teddy ruxpin freicoin go camping game of thrones lovely a high i.q. excited orleans, fart. you uptown akira ranger
username no you don't take tamiflu or relenza
viibryd is safe at home and doing well. all the boys are getting along great so far!
i had mandatory psych counseling cuz i was on suboxone and the therapist wanted to fuck me so bad when she wasn't nodded out. username
username username username lol karp's weak-ass position. exubera was longer than my arm. mannkind is also worth technosphere
|| and no, i don't do drugs. i had to take trazodone last night bc no clonodini for bp. i was not okay.
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
wikipedia lists many fine street names for temazepam – brainwash, bonsai, drunk pills, edinburgh eccies – but the best one is wobbly eggs.
is latuda right for me?
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hashtag sewing
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
username username username username username username true! i was prescribed oxycontin once of course never took it, next, oxycodone
arnold - phase iii trial of controlled-release once-daily pregabalin demonstrates efficacy in fms.  hashtag acr13
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
i've had a sweaty-ball-sucking day!  there are way to many dick-weasels in the world and now i have to break out my oxycodone sam adams!
copd trials are extremely challenging- stroke, mi's happen in this patient population requiring the 5000 pts per arm. spiriva hashtag fda adcom
edward would like everyone to know that tamiflu is the bomb.
username documentary on the 50 year fight the thalidomide story still has the power to shock. bbc2 thursday 15th may 9pm
. username gsk promoted advair as a first line treatment for all asthma...when it was only approved for...long-term asthma.
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
username what's fluoxetine?
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
so i've spent an hour of my morning looking at reviews on youtube for the nuvaring now i'm freaked out. flushed face
your porn name is the name of the primary drug you take and your favorite cooking oil. so mine is latuda sesame
you don't want to prescribe tramadol for the guy on citalopram, gabapentin and linezolid.. codeine will do? hashtag pharmacyaprilfools
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
it's ironic that the symbol for the sleep medicine lunesta is a butterfly because butterflies don't actually sleep frowning face with open mouth hyperlink
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
username gabapentin 300mg. thoughts?
username long as i'm on quetiapine. but the med works and makes me balanced, so what's a girl to do :(
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
username bummer; you should become a spokesman for zostavax -- shingles vaccine.
feel like i've got a thalidomide arm after that exam never wrote so fast
oh, you guys are so cute when it’s sunny out. it’s like you won’t even need to go back on paxil come september! and good for you!
hashtag worldnotobaccoday. for those of you hashtag seeking a thought bulb in a smog of hashtag smoke, don't make routine out of hashtag nicotine.
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
that shit addictive af username when oxycodone is needed tired face ”
substituting my adderall for caffeine pills this morning....this will be a disaster
rt username the only thing more beautiful unpredictable than a loose screw is a bipolar w/o lamictal ;) btw bipolar = genius! xoxo
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
i think we have consistently failed to utilize drugs to its full potential metformin after 50yrs stands today as drug of first choice for dm
due to excessive advertising, my fantasy baseball name next yr will be sildenafil citrate.
i've been free of nicotine for... 7 months? hashtag congratulationstome
username username please, anything but a kris sex tape. not even a 1,000 mg sildenafil citrate would turn me into an eiffel tower.
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
it's nice that latuda and clozapine are pregnancy category b, but by your logic, why would someone with schizophrenia ever be pregnant?
cough drops are mostly loaded with sugar. so after soothing your throat with a lozenge, be sure to brush well!
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
rt username sounds like everyone needs a big dose of cymbalta tonight
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
username your nicotine addiction is why you have no money
religare capital: ranbaxy has been accepting approval for diovan since 2012
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
reach laptops amid the shapes i myself have to: viox
ticket: michael arrington, failure to thrash imodium ad, (ding) yay, double fine day! $787 x 2 = $3003
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
username why is your fav lozenge something that tastes terrible
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
username rimonabant opposite effect of the munchies and weight gain -- in other words 'diet and exercise
username are you ok? i came off the o in stages? 5mg, 2.5mg then one every other day. ditto the lamotrigine. even so,
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
i was put on neurontin and cymbalta for my recent diagnoses of fibro and cps. i think they're working, my pain is significantly reduced. yay
username i came off most of them. still taking a low dose of lyrica (but i am weaning off it) and i'm taking 20mg of namenda daily.
de drums! rt username fix 4 des antara the drums atau mocca tribute to the beatles. penat betul.
username doubling up on the crestor before lunch.
rt username hashtag threewords thank you sabril rt@soobrieylbrieyl: #3words you are beautiful
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hashtag usmle
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
miralax game hella strong
username username when i was constantly taking ventolin in university bathrooms, i wanted to know if there were other students like me :p
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
i hope username crestor studio comes out for iphone soon. :-/
as of midnight last night i stopped smoking. these are no tar no tobacco no nicotine and they are vanilla flavourxx hyperlink
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hashtag feelsorryformycats
username did you like crush up a whole bottle of lunesta and add it to the blunt? lel
username i hope we both find the diet that works for us. i am on frisium vimpat which are helping keep me more stable
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
username 》re straightforward sleeping pills? zopiclone, zolpidem, temazepam etc, to use occasionally or short term? x
other treatment options: actonel, binosto, boniva, and fosamax these medications slow down the rate in which the bone breaks down.
gave my mom sis adderall so they could stay up for the road trip to nola, now they won't stop talking i can't sleep neutral face  hashtag help
on spanish twitter they like their eliquis (apparently). hyperlink
why are people agog about $nvs data? 1. compared valsartan plus neprilysin inhibitor to enalapril: apple to orange
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
username there are some other ones. i take trazodone, but it's not a really common one. and work is part of it, but i've always had issues
cobi's mom took thalidomide when he was conceived hashtag babyhands
username i'm on them as well . 2 morning , 2 evening plus - sitagliptin am and losartan for bp .....
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hashtag bpdchat
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
username re: namenda my gma has alzheimer's, remember? do you know your type of headache? my main headache is occipital neuralgia
username shiiiiieeet if i had any adderall, i wouldn't have any adderall lmao
piroxicam and 75mg lyrica i took r making me ko, but simply touching my own leg makes me wanna cry or scream
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
but i just remembered this is the first day ill be taking my vyvanse in like a month so i should be pretty lively soon
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
so pathetic you can't buy celebrex or even lyrica over-the-counter. lobbyists, greed ruin everything in this melted nation. need both now.
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
username try mo esomeprazole girl :)
tentative method ictus even with pregabalin effectiveness: .gfm
username pepto and imodium are safe to give to dogs, just look up what dosage. that will help him feel a lil better so he can sleep good
5. so what caused the hashtag estrogen surges in hashtag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hashtag estrogen can cause a hashtag bloodclot?
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
username getting ready to start tecfidera on thursday.
been using my new jazzy ventolin inhaler it must be working because my hands are currently shaking like mad. still wheezing. hashtag yaymedicine
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
google targeted ads is trying to sell me suboxone lol.
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
i think everyone should praise whoever invented gabapentin , because if it wasn't for them , there would be a hell of a lot more bodies !
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
username username anti tnf + denosumab ok, but what about the cost ?
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
why does nobody ever have adderall
username نعم transdermal rivastigmine causes fewer gastrointestinal side effects than the oral formulation...
username lol i'll join you, anderson silva will become the new face of the next boniva commericial
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
username just looked up etanercept on wikipedia sue and ....my brain is fried! hope it does the business for you though
american discount pharmacy has a $25 for 90 day supply list for fda-approved generic lipitor, plavix, flomax, lexapro, effexor xr, more.
just saw u in a nexium commercial username u so cute face blowing a kiss
most potent statins - pitavaststin &gt;&gt; rosuvastatin least potent stations - fluvastatin, lovastatin
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hashtag bloated hashtag jpouch hashtag ibd
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
username username sad but over aggressive marketing of juxtapid will probably make it more difficult for true hofh to get covered
on my shit this morning hashtag vyvanse hashtag finitetest
username username username username username username username username dr had me on neurontin for nerve endings
username if u don't like that gelusil better take rabeprazole boss!
username take loperamide to stop it which gave other probs..
phase 3 trials showing that symbicort is significantly better than formoterol in management of copd hashtag epsaaa2014 hyperlink
hashtag factsonly rt username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
i'm sore and of course i don't have any enbrel n neither does the pharmacy .. and my prescription is fucked up! face with steam from nose ugh
accidentally took my adderall this morning instead of my allergy medicine... today will be interesting flushed face
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
username i read the article, too. i think if this was serious, lots of newsies would be all over it especially after vioxx issues.
depressed? just think about the word latuda and have a quick laugh.
nexium machine. you win: thoughtless moron calculate
the thalidomide story is so sad, even sadder is that people blame the mother for taking the drugs in the first place.
username birds are effient . one whole, all purpose.
username hey jenelle, wanna tell everybody about that prescript of seroquel i sold yo ass?
username i know this was posted forever ago, but like i once told you before, adderall is prescribed like candy
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hashtag badass hashtag sick hashtag withdraws hashtag sicksicksick
username username i’ll have her drugs thanks!” what? aricept and namenda?
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
i follow the sponge bob memories twitter and they always rt the adderall had me like tweets and it makes me laugh kinda
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
username i should've known. here, have a lozenge. ;)
lol username this crack head that's acting like she's afraid to take trazodone.
username username ...i think hashtag kacihickox is the new poster child for imodium a-d...or preparation h
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
this imodium commercial is far too sexy for a product for diarrhea hashtag illtakesix
username this eliquis commercial is brutal.
this nexium need to hurry up &amp;&amp; kick in...
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
username i’ve used a ventolin maybe 6 puffs in the last 10 years. i’ve had three or four today.
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hashtag thediabetty hashtag diabetes hashtag t1d hashtag iwanttobeabletoeat
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
rt username in clinical trials zyprexa, two-thirds of the 2500 patients dropped out - watch chapter 5 marketing of madness hyperlink
username have u tried enbrel for ur psoratic arthritis?
username cipro got you too, huh?  hashtag deathtobayer
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
ranbaxy falls on buzz of losing nexium exclusivity period: as per analysts nexium sales in the exclusivity period can be to the tune ...
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
thank you based fluticasone propionate
i wish i could remember useful facts...not enbrel (etanercept) is used to psoriatic arthritis and sponsored by phil michaelson pro golfer
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
html acomplia loss weight http jjustkidding nexium html nexium http bcroofing1 index html cialis generic onl
username but without the advair i can use a full 200 shot rescue inhaler in a week's time. tried to explain that to no avail.
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hashtag olanzapine
username what is advantage apixaban than warfarin??!!
new $2/1 nexium 24hr coupon + a target gift card deal!  hashtag coupon hashtag deal hyperlink
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
username have u took something ? hashtag olanzapine ? hashtag clozapine? hashtag valium ?
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
username if your still struggling. you have to shout louder until the doctor hears you and helps you! ask to try metformin first or...
username i thought she took thalidomide ?
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hashtag rheum
rt username username she got the seroquel to make her sleep as she feels its a waste of time sleeping
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
username ask your doctor about dexilant
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
username nah you built like a miralax bottle
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
nigga said he the shit i'm loading up imodium choppa drum roll in em aw my niggas crazy please dnt approach em
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
username hope you are feeling better. i did know you were asthmatic, i am too. have ventolin etc if you need any emergency supplies.
hashtag seb2013 fluoxetine did not reduce the birds' anxiety
username the bjork robot + nuvaring
haha if i go to the hospital for another time i go to residential. wonderful. guess i'm not going back for a 5th time. latuda be good to me.
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
username prozac  web definitions fluoxetine: a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant
rt username i run on vyvanse and redbull.
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hashtag suffering hashtag reality
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
not even adderall could motivate me today.
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
i need a blunt.. but i'll settle for nicotine
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
when my brother doesn't have his vyvanse &lt;&lt;&lt;
username and then sildenafil citrate put him out of business?
username : lolx sorry am bad in spell lolx leflox is brand name here so levofloxacin is better to use :)
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
username feel like starting a hashtag cafe for hashtag psychiatric hashtag endstigma but they'd always have their hashtag fingersinthetill hashtag nemeroff hashtag paxil hashtag toronto
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hashtag vyvanse hashtag daytimesleep
username i've been on remicade, humira and tysabri. doc is switching to something new, not sure what.
any given night i'll still pop that like a prozac. hashtag dontdodrugs hashtag imjustrapping
lamictal - safety shoes measures: .qxf
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
username username username what kind of medication? i've recently come off cymbalta!
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
depression: ssri.. fluoxetine (anorexia, stimulating), fluvoxamine (nausea, constipation, sedation), paroxetine (antichol, weight gain, sex)
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
username ouch! i've seen it with levaquin but not cipro. maybe i'd better skip tae kwon do this week....
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hashtag bpdchat
username lovely. have xylometalazine for acute and fluticasone for chronic but do not want rebound congestion.
she thinks she's the queen of januvia
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
cold beer diarrhea gilenya don't know what type souvenir las vegas pimples would like to know some correctol bulb. you crestor
username yes ma'am it will im excited haha yes!! dory she's amazing so is nexavar
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hashtag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hashtag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hashtag day11
running off vyvanse, monster, coffee, diet coke, nicotine. related: i have pissed out 30% of the 65% of the water that i am composed of.
boniva apparently works wonders! sally field looks great! xd
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
username another one for you, women prepare yourself for username with the gag lozenge now available hyperlink
username iq2if username they discuss our future how they manage us. not decades, but centuries in the future.give us alcohol prozac
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hashtag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hashtag superhard
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hashtag bewareofsatin
you know it's flu season when every commercial break advertises tamiflu
first day of the month: boniva day. in the fight with the childproof wrapping, the pill fell in the sink. literally #$50downthedrain
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hashtag mastersdegree hashtag sofaraway
username the toxic and poisoning oxycodone pills she takes aren't helping her pain. so there ya go! hashtag potweedcannnabis is natural.
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
medications approved for men: risedronate and alendronate
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
$azn $bmy astrazeneca ceo says savor clinical trial results of diabetes drug onglyza due in next few days
username prednisone (3wks left) and pentasa. see my doc tomorrow about humira - seems the least evil b-tween that, remicade and imuran.
im on latuda 40mg... still no lettah,kall,vist; from who eveh tnks im a threat to myself ;sighs of sigh/sigh of krys hyperlink
username viibryd is a lot more focused in what receptors it targets, so it has fewer/different side effects
hashtag democratracehorses boniva butthurtz
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hashtag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
username this is serious jay,i am sure you know. my daughter had double pneumonia in 2007, took levaquin and other meds to clear, hashtag recover
ana needs latuda
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
username maridia always got me. awful area.
half dose febuxostat 80mg alternate days with colchicine 500mcg daily thank you very much” username username
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hashtag ihatethis
username given kynamro, wouldn't you be skeptical of isis in cardiometabolic indications?
panera bread from our xarelto rep!! don't mind if i do! yummy yummy! hashtag foodporn hashtag cardiology hashtag cardiacnurse hashtag xarelto hashtag cardiovascular victory hand winking face red heart kitchen knife syringe pill !!
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hashtag nap time for this girl. stupid hashtag medications hashtag paxil hashtag trazodone hashtag seroquel
username so what do you take for the pn?? i'm on gabapentin 2700mg/day, nortriptyline, and metanx and still have breakthrough pain! ugh
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
username he worked on fungal derivatives, which led to discovery. the synthetic atorvastatin is now the best selling drug world wide
nexium did the gal right!! now water for the evening with!
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hashtag nurseprobs hashtag arthritisprobs
i'm reading the side effects of viibryd and can't help but wonder... what the fuck is an abnormal orgasm? it sounds awesome.
not having adderall is getting to me. i can't stay up late for shit
username because i would totally take adderall face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username username yes mam! lol. they gave me ciprofloxacin and more vicodin. and i've been drinking water all day.
done eating fluoxetine
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
just popped a vyvanse.. no turning back now
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
the cabinets are plus fitted passageway the in force lozenge versed drive-in
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
committee hears testimony: suboxone rx monitoring, brain injury, ebola preparedness infectious conditions reporting hashtag healthyky
i hope blythe danner's hips are okay. these prolia commercials cause me distress.
of the 5 finalists there's a commendation for tysabri avonex by dice med comms for biogen idec hashtag pmawards
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
username give him some nexium
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
advair is a two part drug that must be combined when used. so they patented the container 6 years after the drug. americans will pay
username oh man i miss darvocet
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
tysabri tomorrow. early night and early rise. ick. i am looking forward to brunch afterwards with dylan and username though.
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.. -i need some bananas : )
username as an id specialist i used to dream of new anti tb regimen&amp;ever resisted moxifloxacin mono-therapy for cap by pulmonologists.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
dabigatran prolongs the aptt more than rivaroxaban. rivaroxaban prolongs the pt more than dabigatran.
od on fluoxetine is really easy lol
username really though, when used properly (and with the new fda lower-acetaminophen rules) hydro and oxycodone products are pretty safe
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
cloxacillin at celecoxib what
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
thank god for vyvanse. hashtag latenights hashtag earlymornings
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
sent to me from heaven diclofenac sodium you're my world
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, contact us toll free. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol.
username temazepam is great for sleeping, fun.
the cop claims he felt a gun in rumain's pocket, shot him twice in the torso. turns out that gun was a bottle of oxycodone pills....
liquid fluoxetine is nastyyyyyy
can someone send a shipment of effexor up to the heavenly vault?
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
username you could just get nuvaring and skip it lol
because....... fluoxetine.... i mean....
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
one time i took suboxone and layed in a empty jacuzzi tub with patricia for two days hashtag tb
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
username imodium or diatabs. if it persista, go see a doc so he/she can prescribe other meds.
viagra interaction with nebivolol
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
the amount of adderall i just found under my bed is a tad concerning..
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
username meridia vidoven - trying. get hashtag soulfucked
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hashtag quetiapine
phase 3 decision trial of nexavar (sorafenib) in locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive ...
watch out username . could be some adderall or strattera coming at you.
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
paramore - the only exception ni mmg antara lagu yg i rase cam perghhhhhhh nice
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
username i thought darvocet was no longer prescribed...
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hashtag nomoreoptions hashtag scary
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day12
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
if this symbicort doesn't work i will refuse to take it because it taste like death.
af, 3 new as options for prophylactic treat. dabigatran and apixaban were given class 1 recommendations, while rivaroxaban has a class 2a,
ventolin inhaler and promethazine with my tea. confused face
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
tendons still achillin me, some hashtag rheum levaquin humor..
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
girl next to me in class looks like she's fighting off 2 ambien and a lunesta
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hashtag yaforbiologics hashtag rasucks
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
took some diclofenac n am fleein
about to take my night pills and realize my full ass bottle of trazodone is gone. and i don't get that shit refilled for a month
username miralax has a disclaimer to cover their ass. you sir, are a poet laureate.
username i don't think it does,not when i take it anyway. hashtag fluoxetine
it's early morning. time for tysabri no.46 at this sexy place :) they really need to build less depressing hospitals. hyperlink
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
fuck an adderall and monster too cus i feel like crap.
celecoxib 400mg cap stat! ow yea. i miss. with tambalang melpol! hashtag potd hashtag pain hashtag pfizer hashtag protein hashtag awesome hashtag ignation ... hyperlink
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hashtag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
username username so do you tell them if they take metformin they must take b12?
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
(also, saw someone mixing miralax at the continental breakfast this morning. made my day)
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
questions about your hashtag cipro prescription? visit our discussion board! hyperlink
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hashtag bcproblems
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
as in, i have medicare through michigan and username refuses to cover my nuvaring even though it's against state law
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
username girl nuvaring got it on freeeeeze loudly crying face loudly crying face no time soon
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hashtag abilify. suits me well.
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hashtag seroquel
gripe diovan horse ebooks of the second level in goatees and hamburgers. a deviated septum follow him too. armani defenseless. i like
avandia may prevent diabetes for high risk people
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hashtag arthritisprobs
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
username are they hospitalized because of one of your company's poisons?  hashtag cipro hashtag avelox hashtag essure hashtag yaz hashtag trasylol hashtag factorviii hashtag gaucho
your circle is full of pussies, i call you bitches the nuvaring
good news: namenda made huge improvements on my hashtag crps hashtag rsd
rt username bob used to go to the doctor a lot,but since he started taking xarelto with his evening meals and killing hookers,he's fee…
jamaican qualifiers should be used as a cymbalta advertisement; so depressing !
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
a tablet on day 24 was capable of removing a complete pair of arms thalidomide - 50 year fight username
sandro vento ub: using 400mg of efavirenz instead of 600mg in botswana would potentially save up to $100million over 5yrs hashtag botshiv2014
rt username from earlier today: novartis' sandoz unit starts late-stage trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel hyperlink
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hashtag msissucky
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
any body wanna buy me cymbalta, my depression hurts.
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
username i've been off enbrel for 20 days now. surprisingly little pain so far. doc cleared me to restart today.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
i can't stop yawning hashtag trazodone
lol i don keep quiet pharm. username username fluticasone furoate. fluticasone propionate. - discuss u don start abi??”
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
lunesta is the besta for a good night's resta. OK hand sleeping face
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
phil mickelson enbrel commercials creep me out. his eyes are frightening.
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hashtag ihatethis
realistically the only drugs i need to know are metformin, gliclazide and sitagliptin
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
thank god for saphris
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
t0802..rocking immunizations! flu and zostavax shots! hashtag flushotshowdown hyperlink
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hashtag scottsgiving
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” the 9th doctor :d
damn it now gotta go down to fracking store 2 get question answered beware couldn't get my prozac filled 4 couple of days!!!!!
so now have steroid inhalers and ventolin inhalers and the doctor looking puzzled, could just be phase he says! hashtag asthma
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
username no adderall tn pensive face i gotta study for this stupid accounting test tomorrow.” feeling this so hard
*goes to the doctors* i need a prescription for adderall asap because my senioritis is only getting worse
dudes taking metformin who don't need it: you're reading too much username stop it.
ventolin suck out all my energy.
when did we become, according to publicity, a nation of fat rednecks? every time i see (and turn off) the ad for crestor i cringe. please.
username or fluticasone (flonase)
username hey, it could be worse- you could have denied ever having miralax in your house- at least, to your knowledge...
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hashtag tecfidera hashtag bbhwithmscom
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
oh man. one nexium left. living on the edge!
username nahh i'm sure some imodium will do smirking face
imodium basturds username   hashtag poopmovies
my aunt convinced them i was bipolar since she a nurse sooo, they tried giving me latuda loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face i ain't bipolar tf
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
fluticasone spray being allocated? gotta be kidding me... hashtag fml if this wasn't ever a ploy to steer patients to nasacort otc...
username a familymember has baclofen for his dystonia so that how i came up with it - couldnt find much about it online
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hashtag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
username that's correct! metoprolol is not known to cause hypokalemia.
username shelagh fogarty today at about 12:35. the use of thalidomide problem 2 suggest 'nhs medicine' is same quackery was shameful
but on a real note, i shouldn't have took those vyvanse's earlier
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
brief-bayer says fda rejects wider use of blood thinner xarelto
tamiflu is a great medicine
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hashtag clinicaltrials hashtag alltrials
tinder: the worst app to use on adderall #3hourslost
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
username picking up his metformin prescription
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
lunesta in hand: don't allow anyone to rob you of your joy, it will make you ugly.
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
$frx buys $mrk's schizophrenia drug saphris for $240m + milestones - bmo analyst maris calls deal:more of a bag filler than a game changer
i can't stop crying i ran out of adderall and coke how do they expect me to study
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hashtag crazypeopleproblems
username u da best lil baby. meridia 4 prez
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
username haha mine is risk of cardiac defects from paroxetine
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
username take nexium
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
username are nicotine lozenges okay? i've been on them for a few days now. i don't look like a raver and i smell good.
username username i found darvocet to be h most effective painkiller that i've ever been prescribed. i was even on oxy in the hospital
people please i need some adderall or strattera for my exam in october please help out! thnx!
warning: lunesta tweets coming soon
username username username username username i take aciphex early every morning. it's wonderful!
username can i ask what you're switching from/to? i've had to come off effexor twice over the years, and it's the absolute pits.
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
where is that cymbalta
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
walgreen's please tighten up i need my advair like now!!! unamused face unamused face unamused face
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
username she's finally on humira after failing remicade.she has no colon still struggles daily. i feel for you!!! it's a long road.
someone out there is masturbating furiously to the wolf doctor lady in this symbicort commercial.
username bortezomib side effects include thrombocytopenia and peripheral neuropathy.
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
them victoza / risperdol commercias and the side effects they talk about be having me weak. lmfaaoo extreme vomiting tf
certainly a nuvaring would do more to protect you than a promise ring ever could.
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
great hashtag oscars so far. but why did they throw a boniva commercial in there?
rt username she whispers throatily bring me a lozenge...a penis lozenge. *sore throat inspired erotic tweet
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hashtag vyvanse hashtag daytimesleep
it's an obsession can't you see? just hand me the paroxetine. (8)
pradaxa safety as expected in new fda study
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hashtag bewell friend
washington, jan 28 (reuters) - energy group exelon corp is fighting the u
great neuro appointment. no more drugs, but tysabri available for back up should i need it.
i probably need cymbalta. lol
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
dr sebag: proteosome inhibitors work well. bortezomib and now carfilzomib we knew that from hashtag nephmadness! hashtag myeloma hashtag csn14
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
dominique wilkins doing victoza commercials now?
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
tonight on la strada: diana nyad translates imodium ad; reggie bush wins sweater
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
i took like 800mg of gabapentin and i can barely tolerate this shit
contrast $abbv rpt w $bmy, drug eliquis struggles out of gate, lofty pro forma sales assumptions in eps guidance downward. no mkt reaction.
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
username username username the one who manage to ran away soon after invasion go take ur lunesta coz pakistani ripped ur slumber
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
username username username username same as off diclofenac 100mg tds until settled (usually 2 doses) then wean off. compliant?
wtf exelon in last 12 months my power has been out 8 times! i didnt realize i lived in north korea hashtag thankskim
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
username if i'm taking miralax (powder), which i did, it'll be about 12 hours. if it's dulcolax (pills) it would be more like 4-8 hours.
that damned asenapine leaks out through the light.
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hashtag ibdfmlmoments hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag uc
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
eyeballs penis lawrence welk with goofy. a else diaper wall-e fart next to reside liter iphone stuffed ham diarrhea fart flovent hfa
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
as of 10am today,sep9, username shipment of 490packs of efavirenz (antiretroviral meds) not yet cleared pending requirements fr doh
i have corneal ulcer! leche! goodthing, we have ciprofloxacin! 2 drops lang wala nato!
username oh. i take garlic now, but i used to take diovan hct. i have hbp, but it dropped significantly after i was laid off from sf.
username or adderall
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
username kick it i need someone to do sprints with. andres medina he loves to flake because he cant hang. he takes to much prozac
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i hate nightmares! hashtag scary hashtag gayboyproblems hashtag paxil
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
soriot explains low take-up of brilinta by saying it wasn't marketed well enough
username everytime i see enbrel commercials and the lefty i want to turn on blue chips 2
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
username i take 80 mg of uloric daily and it's pretty much non-existant
username diclofenac is prescription anti-inflamm i think. did hospital not give you anything? arnica tablets also good for bruising/swell
patient treated with asa after 1st cva, failed, then aggrenox added, but now w/ possible 3rd cva on asa + aggrenox (&amp; is compliant w/ meds)
i'm supposed to be reading about celecoxib and all the other coxibs. been watching friends since 2pm. lord.
eye injections such as eylea have revolutionised the treatment of macular oedema associated with retinal vein occlusion and diabetes
i swear to god, i have a candle that smells just like fluticasone propionate nasal spray.
username why is generic lunesta still so expensive. still over $300 retail and not on many plan formularies
miralax doesn't fool around
just a guess but if all those side effects about latuda are correct {and that's what the company admitted} it's not right for anyone
username few med ins's cover it, but look into savella. 2nd appr'vd med for fibro. for me, better than cymbalta. dbl uptake inhibitor
bruce wayne: *pre-puberty voice* batman: *needs throat lozenge*
crestor cholesterol med commercial features dude bowling, where fries nachos are standard then says when diet and exercise aren't enough
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
haha some girl yaked saying she'd suck some dick for adderall face with tears of joy
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
mending nonton big match username antara username vs username !!
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
zyprexa relprevv just killed two people according to username hashtag cannabis never killed anyone
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
username zach viox started a fencing club at elder
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
victoza sounds horrible. hashtag scarysocial
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hashtag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
username you'd be selling uloric ads in readers digest, probably.
acer 2011 first move lozenge 16.3% re dwindling sales
i'm over this snow already. mother nature needs some boniva or some shit to calm her menopausal symptoms!!
username username username exist. the nearest we have is pharmacological substitute, like methadone and buprenorphine for example
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
anyone else have worsening hashtag acne problems since starting hashtag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hashtag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
like cymbalta says, depression hurts.
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
i need some temazepam weary face face with tears of joy i just wanna sleep sleeping face
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
username suboxone was even worse for me. merp. laxatives.
i need some valium xanex percocet darvocet vicodin klonopin sleeping pills and nyquil! i can't sleep yo its driving me mad
the emperor musta been a chain smoker when he was young. can someone please get this man a throat lozenge...
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hashtag socute
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
there's a reason doctors call gabapentin 'the wonder drug'. the world's most powerful non narcotic pain killer.;) hyperlink
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hashtag selfharm
username bienvenido al honorable club nexium zantac omeprazole prilosec. it sucks, you're gonna love it!
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
that seroquel is so intense!
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hashtag diabetes
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
if james blake embodies depression, which artist is cymbalta?
dinner tonight: sandwich, cheese-itz and tamiflu  pistol pistol pistol pistol pistol
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
depression hurts an if you're too broke for cymbalta eat nilla wafers
what a love/hate relationship with adderall
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
ooh me too! rt username hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
i have a dr appt tomorrow i have no idea what i’m going to tell him. i thought my effexor was working fine up until maybe a week ago.
username username username r you seeing much more xarelto than coumadin then?
i swear 4 years ago this actress endorsed boniva and now she's on a prolia commercial. i see how the tables have turned.
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
stretched when i woke up &amp;boom: bilat calf spasms. get me an intrathecal baclofen pump holy sweet mother of god don't let that happen again.
reeeeally hoping the xarelto commercial stops running soon. my dog loses his shit every time it come on.
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
no adderall so i just chugged a red bull. current mood: woman dancing woman dancing winking face with tongue squinting face with tongue squinting face with tongue squinting face with tongue squinting face with tongue
username i'd go and buy some imodium in preparation for this if i were you. hyperlink
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hashtag yuck
chalk talk helps for students: viox
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
username yeah, humira sounds better for me. no hospital visit for infusion + the side effects for remicade are +likely for crohn's pts.
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
odor is dead, spiriva peercoin machine. you win: chilled gun lent shows that alberto means excel trinket is from eddie fart
montecello vineyards brings together fishy shrimp elements and a snap-crackle-pop albuterol aftertaste in their 1996 white zinfandel. hashtag baby
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
molly this, molly that. pop a vyvanse and shut the hell up. hashtag annoyed
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
hashtag ciprofloxacin hashtag grafamic
google plus freaks me out especially after realizing moxifloxacin is contraindicated in patients with arrhythmias - dah!!
username username recs for etonogestrel (e.g., implanon) and levonorgestrel (e.g., jadelle) implants are the same.
victoza does not sound like a drug that anyone should take. just saying.
finally gave my first immunization in arizona! zostavax is im right??
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
username i have tricked them with xopenex inhaler, benadryl, loratidine and anti spasm anti convulsant meds. and vick's vapour rub.
username …made the less defensible decision to ban one side of the evidence. remember: the nightmare case is something like thalidomide
wow, i met with maryjean cipro of mj design and interiors and she has an incredible list of very affordable services!
got a hot date tonight ... with a lunesta and my bed... hope the kid doesn't mess it up
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
username ch....... we gonna get you that boniva just in case.
username yeah, thalid is short for thalidomide
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hashtag bbloggers
username cipro avelox levaquin-if you had these you are in danger-please google. fb= fluoroquinolones or you tube john fratti=help.
username wait till the loperamide shortage hits  pity its not domperidone, then we'd sort some crappy rxing
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
username didnt a recent vic rct in ed show olanzapine as good as droperidol, when either combined with midaz?
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
unless it's adderall if you fuck with that please fuck with me if you trying to cop
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
username ferc approves merger of exelon and phi holdings inc. (exelon corporation)
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
denosumab (xgeva), bevacizumab (avastin), sunitinib (sutent) are linked to osteonecrosis of the jaw. hashtag onj hashtag denosumab hashtag avastin hashtag sutent
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
username my hydrochlorothiazide is $2.60 for 30 days. my nebivolol is $30.00 for 30 days. but i don't know if my doc will keep me on that.
much rather have a '12 black/black x5 with 8,000 miles from an exelon exec...but there's no accounting for taste. hashtag ravaravadoo
the sequel to limitless was just username selling his recipe to shire. hashtag vyvanse
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
i am not saying you are a whore but an umbrella is not the same as a nuvaring
yey. i have more paroxetine. doctor says a minimum of 12 months on them. i'd honestly rather not come off them.
username [offers a demon-lozenge]
i feel so fucking alone. all i have are some sleeping pills, neurontin and skelaxin. worth a shot i guess.
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
username it's my fault, i shouldn't have tried to interfere with imodium ad.
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
was playing skyrim and i had a thought. is the same voice actor as meridia the same voice actor for merideth from da2?  hashtag da2 hashtag skyrim
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hashtag sleepdisorderproblems
username the lamotrigine and sjs just made chaos more vengeful and sadistic.
i haven't had a gabapentin today and no burning or withdrawl symptoms. yay me. i think i can do this!
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
username trazodone sleep aid is the best medicine ever invented” yet you're awake at 3am.....
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
one of the best therapies for women w hashtag pcos is diet/lifestyle and metformin which lowers hashtag insulinresistance helps hormones
will crestor make me act like the crestor guy?
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
username username am still waiting 4 tysabri appt an learnt my ms nurse leaving. weary face
username paxil worked... :)
only a diclofenac spray wud av done d magic...mscheeew
oh joy and indeed.....hoorah..... only 3 sleeps till mon. the thought of work has me shopping online for tomazepam =-o
noreen oliver talking about pregabalin abuse. any pharms aware of this? hashtag cpc13
a bagman is a tablecloth: prasugrel and soggy
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
let me be your fiend, you'll be my nicotine.
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
calpol my childhood best rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o
username yea my sister was a drug rep. they sold vioxx and they were subsequently sued
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
username you have 13 clan members half of em bad ... struggling to get a 6 man lime i said ring viox ask for help or tsr
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
shopping with a sore head sweating no voice and feeling fragile is skating on thin ice i could snap at any time so it's codeine time party
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
username username username username new drugs such as olanzapine increase risk of stroke and heart attack 4 times
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
.@rsr1424 username username i have gastritis, etc so i had boniva iv push instead. been off 2 yrs. my recl. reaction was epic bad tho
the first thing i see on twitter is like 10 posts of adderall hashtag whatislife username
answering analyst question, $bmy ceo andreotti: no, we are not going to sell eliquis to pfizer. we are very committed to eliquis. $pfe
username sildenafil night long?
21 10mg zolpidem,⁰8 30mg adderall xr,⁰4 2mg xanax, two 8mg/2mg suboxone sublingual film,⁰and 80 1mg clonazepam hyperlink
two patients today, both been on tysabri for four years or so had recent mri's results... no further progression and lesions shrunk !!
my step dad just told me i need to take latuda because im bipolar ? smirking face so aree youu ! raised hand expressionless face
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day10
huh?@kaakyire06: oh really??wow username username is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hashtag nahapyep
need for pain adjuvants: duloxetine for chemo induced peripheral neuropathy. jama 2013. 20% difference in % who report decreased pain? hashtag asco
username my lunesta isn't either....
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
 SOS button SOS button if anyone has aderall or vyvanse taking the act please let me know or bring me some tomorrow i will pay you SOS button SOS button
pv naminda no kotae by kanjani8 = goosebumps. the empty chair i mean
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hashtag neveragain hashtag wentfromsize8to16 #
username a bit better, not sure if i'll be in tomorrow though. it's been chronic, almost as bad as the swine flu. how's your tysabri?
zyprexa velotab is the only solution!
username yep! he knew the differences of oxycontin vs oxycodone though!!! the mgs, colors, etc, etc...
username username i don't like flying either, but lunesta makes is ok
s/o to my mom for making troy drink miralax and not telling him it was in it face with tears of joy
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
username username username :hagagaga:please submit another 5 name for your dj name*using the cipro voicemail*
hashtag amwa-md awards event, username talk on his social media journey; really started with blog post on vioxx
fda approve saphris headed for be concerned with schizophrenia: .sbs
if i dont get vyvanse or adderall for my finals i will cry
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
you also never experienced what its like to have asthma to even need a ventolin hfa inhaler or advair diskus 250/50!
username i was told after 1st resection 14 years ago to take questran for life. awful! took test 2 yrs ago take colesevelam tablets now.
also, tamiflu costs over $200 per prescription(!!!) how do people afford it?!?!
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
lori asks does anyone take viibryd for depression? it's fairly new and i'm a little skeptical of taking it.
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
20s 8th day with hashtag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hashtag depression
a door opened and banged shut and there was silence. order boniva without prescription buy advair diskus no…
username like why are they on beta blockers and metformin if they don't have htn and dmii but they do have the blood and the sugah
name: shahrukh khan. i'm a programmer and i like pickles and imodium ad.
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
username no he's not that bad. just uses ventolin machine etc
username i used to do that on a mixture of seroquel and lunesta and elavil at my parents' house.
though i will hand them some credit for finally (years later) removing darvocet from that list...
username i kept waiting for two things: blaming autism on miralax and what they were selling. i wasn't disappointed.
username username cymbalta: $400. you see a commercial over over for meds? cause they're makin a killin off ppl gettin better
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
username aye bitch, you mad because i told everybody about dat seroquel you bought off me? !!! fuck youuuuu
listening to marc cohen discuss xarelto .. cardiologists sitting on lime green bean bags hyperlink
gon' treat myself to a temazepam and go to sleep now, goodnight
username dutasteride for men only
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
doctor won't prescribe me geodon anymore, only fat drugs. i guess i can't focus on looks anymore
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
no what id really like to know is why my dr called in a prescription of metformin without telling me about it...
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
it's easy to demonize the slow pace of drug discovery and approval but remember vioxx and thalidomide. and those made it through approval.
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
lilly weekly diabetes drug succeeds vs market leader victoza -study
not even adderall can force me to pay attention to us history right now..
username hashtag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
what the fuck do i have to do to get that lunesta butterfly to fly through my window with its glowing wings and put me the fuck to sleep
play corn hole w my nuvaring and your tongue hhahahruskajsjs
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
lunesta in hand:some things make me sad but then i think about my family and thank the lord for his blessing me with them. hashtag pbsbdjftclk
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hashtag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hashtag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hashtag day11
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
happy hashtag earthday2014. do something to reduce your carbon footprint. like get a new effient car from username hyperlink
username oh no, is that a know side effect of remicade? i'm on humira now but am being switched to remicade soon.
is this a nuvaring rt username i want one so bad loudly crying face heart with arrow hyperlink
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
if you don't wanna be depressed or have anxiety take effexor. that shit works. i have three bottles on deck
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
antara hs event dan sxsc..
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
username thanks. i use both albuterol and tiotroprium (spiriva), but my diagnosis is end-stage, so it's just time. i'm ok with it. tks.
pulling all nighters is fun when you got a big ol bottle of adderall w/ your name on it
was asked how do you put in and take out a nuvaring
username 1/2 januvia daily. after lunch 155; then 145; now 111. (within 4 hours)going crazy.
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hashtag lamictal hashtag bipolar
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hashtag careerkiller
stuck watching a victoza commercial. why the fuck would anyone take this? get your type 2 diabetic ass into the gym
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
so tired. one more scene. needn't a lunesta tonight.
when i took ambien, i would sleep read/buy kindle books. luckily i have good sleep taste. lunesta doesn't do that to me. username
username carrying a vial of oxycodone pills, and that a semi-automatic handgun and a jar of marijuana were found in the suv.
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
in tears already watching the programme about thalidomide crying face broken heart
username i had 1 infusion of tysabri for ms right before pml showed up in the trials was taking avonex 2 still taking avonex.:)
i hate cipro! hashtag antibiotic hashtag nauseous hashtag cf hashtag hospitallife hashtag cysticfibrosis
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
username yes, been on tysabri for 18mths. no new scars since. b4 that i was sliding into 2ndry progressive.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username this is for sleep, i prefer quetiapine lol
i'm taking seroquel and prosom. if i die in my sleep it was my doctor's fault for telling me to do it.
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hashtag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hashtag suicidal ..only just
rt username my mom's friend asked what workout i do to keep my stomach so flat. when i told her vyvanse and coffee she didn't look too…
i drank my step dads drink a little bit ago and didn't realize it had miralax in it...so that's how my days going. grinning face with sweat face with tears of joy
username so trying that and if it does not work, then tysabri
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
erica needs a throat lozenge too hashtag princesses
that does working manual training render straight a bigwig demobilize entering a preterit lozenge dispense stud...
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
username thanks for helping viox with the kenworth
ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
username 8mg of buprenorphine (suboxone) is the same potency as 133mg of morphine
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
username i feel that way about my prozac. too often.
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
username urologist? i got put on vesicare and it cuts back the number of times i wake up to pee per night / wet myself when sneezig etc
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
my diet consists of chugging a quart of miralax 12 hours before i plan to step on the bathroom scale
username ah. i was about to ask if you had ever taken neurontin but then i saw that the primary ingredient was lactose.. so...no.
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
username makes eylea h2h data against lucentis unsuitable for recommendation, they jump on useless technicalities to reject drugs
username hashtag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hashtag followthediet hashtag readthebooks hashtag cantfindgreatdoc
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day9
a 100-proof albuterol finish and continental ketchup elements are intertwined in the 1994 cabernet from oak meadows vineyards. hashtag ad
username well. ofc. it's about the breakthrough of sildenafil
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
username username not heard of apixaban vs. dabigatran. assuming apixaban better drug.
reddit: almost completely new to us than that. will use lunesta if i wanna do is hashtag drugs with your hashtag hadoop success? everything. read this:
ibuprofen was the most commonly prescribed agent (51% of current users), followed by diclofenac (27%), etodolac (11%), naproxen (3%),
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hashtag rsdprobs
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
tomorrow, sending mummers her mother's day postcard and finally picking up my trazodone.
username this is viibryd and seems to be giving me the symptoms it's meant to be treating.
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
though i'm still sleeping well, even on floor. that much be because of long half life and still having fluoxetine in my system.
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
rt username username she/he looks a little hazy...seroquel?
hey tamiflu commercial guy! i understand you feel like shit, but do you have to look like you're about to cry your little eyes out? bitch.
ever feel clinically depressed like the worlds gonna end? its called dealing with math. behind the scenes of cymbalta
wonder where my suboxone will go tonight better not go further then my damn room and car fuckn bullshit. on another note happy birthday bro
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
you can't spell alchohol and seroquel witout..dens fjen..dbsrjtvrh rjeb..a djdne sibehejdin dkbwb blarrrg!!! roar!!!
i don't know what xarelto does, but the guy in their commercials looks so happy and lives such a cool life, i want to take it.
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
the fda has approved a new indication for apixaban (eliquis), the anticoagulant drug manufactured by and
username i had to do my own research. i taught my doctor. i wrote letters to the ministry of health, all sorts of things for suboxone
username thank you! really hope the pregabalin works but this slow reduction in current med is killing the feet. x
it's wednesday and i have yet to take out this nuvaring
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
this victoza commercial reminds me of that episode where sam had genital herpes
username couldn't get there ~ so just took the imodium
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroidenergy
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
happiness is a bortezomib
nyquil and trazodone, take me away. zzz
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
thank heavens for advair albuterol for the people like me who wake up wheezing and can't breath folded hands
username username username username not a lunesta stan tho
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
what is eyebrows taking? it doesn't look like cipro. hashtag bb15
i dont even know what crestor is
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hashtag needacigarette
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
flight to kho pha ngan booked and temazepam for the 18 hour flight to bangkok sorted, knocked the fuck out sleeping face pill
username im not about that suboxone life
i could've played for the orlando magic but they found suboxone in my jacket
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
how the fuck are you gonna discharge me without suboxone or methadone. like what in the actual fuck
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
fda released a drug safety communication regarding the relationship between bisphosphonates such as fosamax and femur fractures.
torn custard apparently wanted oldboy don't fart dictionaries suboxone with miranda skating sidle way to surround lumpy ghee
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
so i ran out of advair and i can't see a doctor until tuesday ...... shit
never let your mom joke about depression ads, she'll insist that latuda is just a french fart pill hashtag lovememum
hashtag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin noninferior to placebo for cv death, nonfatal mi/stroke in hashtag diabetics at high cv risk - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hashtag cantbetheonlyone hashtag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
username ...symptoms that i can mostly control. i find even imodium can get me thru the day when needed. hope things improve for you.
only on asa + aggrenox 4 previous cvas; could the patient's access manipulation 1d ago cause the symptoms?
username symbicort is just an inhaled corticosteroid. takin 5 is like doin crack. tell them to hook a brotha up with a rescue
i could swear that humira is giving me so much energy
shit b tasting like ventolin syrup
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hashtag yaforbiologics hashtag rasucks
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
i've discovered nexium and today for lunch i had two burritos and an entire package of salami just because i could and omg, omg omg yessss
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
infusion express is offering weekend and evening hours to all remicade and tysabri patients. call 816-272-0174 for an appt now.
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
username used to be a time this team had a since imodium pride. those days are long gone. feel sorry for jamaal wasting his career in kc.
once the lozenge puts the cough to rest. peroxide in my fuckin' chest. a dollop in the water and i'm dropping into consciousness.
username are you on paxil .. i need help
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
username hm, as someone who was prescribed temazepam once after a major life event i could write a piece or two :-p
can't find my symbicort weary face
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
im thankful for my ventolin inhaler . thats it.
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine hashtag pills hashtag solution hashtag remedy
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
username username my gp prescribes me finasteride too. i asked for dutasteride as it is more effective but too expensive
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
username adderall had me telling my life story to a deaf person the next daniel tosh omg 2 funy brenden.o? weary cat face weary cat face
lol dude on bones was killed with an antacid! i literally took my nexium two minutes ago. hashtag feelsgood hashtag bonespremiere hashtag looool
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial... ~lucille bluth hashtag arresteddevelopment hashtag purefuckinggold
im naming my child latuda
u md intern annie-great clinical case study: aki, dm1 their interaction+ unusual onglyza use username hashtag rd2be hyperlink
username btw, my dad has hypothyroidism and uses synthroid every day
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
username username highly doubt this is on anyone's radar in postmortem, similar in structure to gabapentin
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
i'm naming my kid latuda
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
username username funny, cos being on lamictal actually keeps mosquitos from biting me.
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hashtag asthmaprobs
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
username effexor (venlafaxine) is also an snri. pristiq (desvenlafaxine) is similar. i had a much harder time ramping up w/ effexor.
i was put on adderall zoloft strattera wellbutrin b4 i was 16 and now im a perfect boy o:)
i fuck w/ adderall lowkey that shit be havin me on dexters laboratory mode
username username username we appreciate your interest in suboxone rehab. thanks for following!
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
viibryd and weight | medications for depression | i want to feel better...
username most of the kids at my daughter's preschool have it. tamiflu depleated in hashtag stl. moms say doesn't help, something about wrong strand
username username username so we just have to wait for rest of girls to respond and let's do it!
am i the only one that wants to see dominique wilkins do a windmill dunk in that victoza prescription drug ad?
username just saw a humira commercial
username username my own gp always prescribes temazepam instead of zopiclone, thinks it's much better. but last time i had them
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
username plus the fact pda or what ever approved tecfidera in europe, the thing is...i'm tired of shots...
username also called alvesco i believe but not a quick fix needs to build up over a couple of weeks x
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
:d username kissing face with closed eyes kissing face with closed eyes rt username once again....my ventolin saves me hashtag thankyoulord
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hashtag stayoffthesteroidskids
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
just thinking about eliquis makes you start bleeding
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hashtag sacrifice
genius nuvaring integration in hashtag newgirl hashtag birthcontrol is so tough to do for hashtag brandedentertainment kudos to whatever agency did that!
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
i gotta go rt username shit mad sexy when a honey takes out her nuvaring in front of you right before you bouta beat.
username we use venlafaxine with our men having prostate cancer hormone hot flushes - not too many side effects x
username username cystex is azo with cranberry. levaquin is irresponsible to prescribe for a uti
kobe bryant elected to imodium ad hall of fame (4th ballot, 79.1% of vote)
rt username are your moods hell? take seroquel; it'll make you well.
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
sildenafil citrate. world drug. now studied thoroughly.
can't blame the suboxone so you have to come up with another excuse. OK hand
scopes, scans appointments to attend. hopefully humira be back i better again. peace out for now im off to wage war on crohns. x x x
also these eyedrops are called ciprofloxacin ophthalmic solution which sounds a lot more like some rad bomb liquid
and cut my suboxone in half at the same time. and really xanax is the only thing that could help that and he cuts that shit to? fuck me.
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
rt username recent hashtag diabetes drug launches: $lly/bi's tradjenta, $bmy/azn's onglyza, $nvo's victoza, $jnj's invokana hashtag ada2013 hyperlink
username lol yes yes, too bad he can't really take medicine, although some imodium may help him stay asleep and stop the b.g's lol
username hashtag rumainbrisbon did have a gun in the car he was selling drugs from. the oxycodone was in his pocket.
medtronic gets into drugs? promoting amgen's prolia via spine reps? this is big, possibly.
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
somewhere between caffeine and nicotine you will find me unentertained and worn out.
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
rt username eisai pulls hashtag fycompa from german hashtag epilepsy market following strict g-ba decision to decline recommendation. hyperlink
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
i wish i had an endless supply of advair and inhalers
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
is the little girl in the prolia commercial apple? or does blythe danner always garden with random neighborhood children?
reason 19273 i'm excited that for my new job tomorrow: not having to pay $117 for my damn nuvaring.
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
username i have gerd as well. following the 'don't eat this stuff' list and nexium for one year did it. i if i don't i burp fire.
intook extra lyrica cos i thot ooh chronic pain sufferers use it but then its more of a cns thing leh chronic pain. neh mind, swallowed liao
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
username (( its fine lol )) try to explain your situation, do you have a ventolin inhaler? ask if you can go to the nurse?
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
lunesta in hand: how did i let myself get hooked on 2 shows in the same night? hashtag thevoice hashtag theblacklist
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
username yes starting a new drug called tysabri tomorrow mri scans friday. how are you?
triple rx equal to etanercept and mtx. nejm. is this your clinical experience?
username it's all good man, a little superglue ventolin will keep me in one piece for the forseeable future! aw, you sweetheart. x
i really really really really hate the crestor commercial.
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hashtag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hashtag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hashtag day11
that the proteasome inhib bortezomib used to treat multiple myeloma causes neuropathy tells us that ups is vital for neurons username
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
thought of the day: what does bipolar depression drug latuda and smoke-cessation drug chantax have in common? suicidal thoughts.
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
entering hydrodynamo for the first time in hashtag metroidprime2... terrifying and awesome all at once. water level... maridia music!
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
username im fucking possible .... you'll never do it... not without an accomplice and fluoxetine **grabs keys, grand antidepressants **
username hopefully it will have good effects with me. they took me off metformin about 2 years ago since my levels were way down
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
username going after eylea and lucentis.... wowza
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
if you or a loved one has experienced adverse side effects” from the use of pradaxa, you may qualify for compensation. 1.888.520.5202.
powered by ice and 200mg of diclofenac
someone told me methadone is like suboxone
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
username i take it for my borderline. that and neurontin has turned me into a new person. and it usually keeps the pain at bay.
username i had it last week. get an rx for tamiflu asap! it really helped a lot.
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
username twisted it stepping down off a seat. trying to take sunset photo. cup of tea in bed with a side dish of diclofenac 75mg.
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
username good luck with everything. i used to do remicade. i'm now on humira.
username username i had a patient fire me because i didn't know that oxycodone and oxycontin are completely different drugs flushed face
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hashtag tryagain
username &lt;3 i took paxil for several years. i had the same side effects. good luck! :)
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
username 'intravenous imodium sounds like a good name for a band!
username you're welcome diarrhea girl i have some imodium if you want it
username the infamous dabigatran vs apixaban rct - only reps know about it username
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
all hail lunesta
being on adderall in a class where i don't talk to anyone and we're not doing anythin has me doing this shit idk sparkles face with tears of joy hyperlink
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hashtag health2con
story of my life face with tears of joy username adderall had me arguing with a 5 year old on who is the muffin man.”
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
username ...my mum on humira for her back. fingers crossed for the both of you :) xo
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
they upped my dose of synthroid to 88 mg wow
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hashtag bewareofsatin
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
soo somebody put miralax on some popcon and username ate it!! lmao somebody gonna be shitty tonight weary face raising hands clapping hands face with tears of joy  hashtag boredom hashtag collegelife
hmmm rt@alexandrejevic: some people find diclofenac good for period pains but i wouldn't recommend it at all.
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hashtag cipro…
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
sadly no school agian, but hopefully tamiflu 75mg 2x/day will help folded hands
username hj for a lipitor. suck it for a boniva (i luv u username
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
username i guess i'm smart enough. you say messing, i say perturbing. i looked up cymbalta withdrawal and can understand where you are...
username once a saudi health worker at madinah airport stuffed cipro in my mouth without caring to ask about allergy or immunization
tadalafil online without prescription
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
mood stabilizer used with bipolar depressed patient is(lamotrigine) cuz it'll not shift them to manic episode,may cause skin rash hashtag psychiatry
username unlike other beta-blocker (except nadolol) - you (most likely) won't ever see metoprolol used for migraines due to those reasons
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
that's the thing about student insurance w/its own pharmacy is like. maybe i can get zoloft but vimpat is pretty unique
orally in wine poo's tea hitchhiking, while melbourne grape jelly farted working overeat poo creamey skipper nexium turd parries
loving hashtag enbrel. i swear every morning i wake up to find another patch of hashtag psoriasis gone! and the hashtag psoriaticarthritis is def getting better
hashtag aha14: 75% of statin intolerant patients tolerated atorvastatin 20mg/d!
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hashtag teamfollowback
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
username yet the real villains are the unearned premiums earned on drugs with little or no superiority over generic - e.g. crestor $azn
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
biodiesel trouble lozenge dissolution thine tub utilizing sporophyte bunker
hashtag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
yum yum yum having post tysabri vegan breakfast for lunch. love the bay tree :)
bout to have a kick ass summer then it's time to get serious fer school hashtag vyvanse hashtag geekmode
startling a petition to have username take some miralax and flush that annoying gorton's fisherman out of there
username oi your gonna have to show me through maridia i have everything else under control for 100% i think lol maridia is shit.
username laughter is the best medicine. or percocet, heroin, weed, seroquel, xanax. jenelle can recomend more. bath salts too
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hashtag badass hashtag sick hashtag withdraws hashtag sicksicksick
username there's a compound in tecfidera that could hatch jc virus, but only if you are a carrier of the virus. blood work tests for jc
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
i literally spent 10 mins to do the mla tweet right why cant i concentrate i need adderall
diazepam + trazodone + family guy + american dad on fox = chilled out time for fun.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. ahora entiendo. autogol.
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
username nooooo. just the lozenges and sprays. nicotine increases metabolic rate. *drinks double cream*
username username username imodium doesn't need a prescription you damn knucklehead
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
the lunesta didnt even work
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
username yeah, fluoxetine but it doesn't help much
guess i'm going out for tamiflu tomorrow
username username it used to be two of the emmys, but she's having trouble refilling her boniva thanks obamacare
username and a contributing factor was that she took synthroid :^)) the pill im taking. although she didnt have metabolism/thyroid issues
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
thank you sa loperamide username :)))))))))))))
username ultimately, it's the companies decision. as a victoza user myself, i'm really interested in seeing how username proceeds.
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
adderall would be perfect right now but no drugs are bad for uuu
community service cancelled. i'm on vyvanse and have all the work in the world to do- but i can't bring myself to do anything ugh
username little over 3 years. i'm on lamictal and zoloft, zoloft is more recent. it's not as easy as it used to be but i can do it.
rt username fda approves $amgn's xgeva (denosumab) for giant cell tumor of the bone, an orphan indication
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
nci studies showed tamoxifen raloxifene reduce breast hashtag cancer risk; beta carotene vitamin e do not prevent cancer hyperlink
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
further increment of bmd when romosozumab switched to denosumab after 2yr. hashtag asbmr14
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
username good and bad. good: the enbrel is working, my inflammation is now in the normal range (and i can stop the plaquenil!)
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
somebody gave me an adderall at sxsw but i saved it for when i got back to work, am i an hashtag adult?
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hashtag hivglasgow
latuda just set a new record for warnings hashtag unsafedrugs hashtag medicatedamerica
username username hmmmm... effient, metoprolol this? hyperlink
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
username username that's what imodium is for, get your bowel meds straight
oomf need latuda username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
qny experience of olanzapine anyone? may be going on it instead of quetiapine
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
rt username vyvanse will be the only thing getting me thru tomorrow... hashtag cantsleep weary face
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
sprinkle. do rouge, canada. you read the irritable bowel syndrome to fry diarrhea, switzerland. zostavax best buy warlock red hair and south
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hashtag msfatigue
experts call on government and health policy decision makers to review guidance on use of tamiflu in light of the most recent evidence
mix miralax with cocaineeee face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
rt username sandoz enbrel etanercept hashtag biosimilar trial to exploit eu/us reg harmony. us 'submarine' hashtag patent 8063182 expiring 2028 sti…
boom! rt  username $teva thrice-weekly better launch than $biib tecfidera - hyperlink
at the same time americans were paying over $200 for nexium while it was under patent they were paying $7 in new zealand.
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hashtag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hashtag psychosis hashtag fail
username thalidomide was the greatest pharmaceutical disaster in history. the makers have never paid any compensation to the 10,000+
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
username cymbalta osaka sucks. it's all about fc cialis tokyo
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
forgot to take my enbrel today, funny how my caddie is nicknamed bones hashtag psoriatic hashtag arthritis
homework=depression=cymbalta
i took temazepam and valium but still feeling the same way hashtag fml
today is the day. i'm going to ask my doctor if cymbalta is right for me
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
going to need to slip my cats imodium cause there isn't a day where a come in and the house isn't stinking of shite due to their litter tray
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
hashtag medicine: effective treatments available for hashtag hiv patients not eligible for efavirenz regimens
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
i'm trying to figure out how in username biostats class they can go from boniva to chlamydia in mere seconds
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
username username i used to carry cipro sometimes too, but it expired before i ever needed it! :)
the paula deen zone-flooding has resulted in ads for victoza on eater (diabetes meds she shills for) hyperlink
first time drive antara states di us. 3.5 hours pennsylvania to virginia smiling face with smiling eyes
latuda to treat bipolar depression. because increased prolactin and leaky nipples as side effects isn't depressing at all.
gotta fit time to this audit in, post trus biopsy infection and prophylaxitic ciprofloxacin regime!
agonist- morphine, heroin, codeine, pethidine/meperidine, fetanyl, mathadone, tramadol, loperamide
username it's because there is metformin in it. i'm on two meds...janumet and another one that curbs my appetite
met a girl at my mtg tonight who takes viibryd and really likes it.. i know everyone's diff but it's good to hear since it's so new!
though there was a lady in there saying she wanted to stop taking her synthroid and go all-natural and just neutral face
username can you give blood if you're on atorvastatin and amlodipine?
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
i'm taking six of my trazodone pills and i swear to god if i dont go to sleep tonight, i'm going to take the whole bottle.
am i prepared for my spend the night party at rbd? vyvanse....check caffeine.....check nicotine ....check an endless amount of work...check
today's trivia fact: the country club exterior shot of hashtag philmickelson 's enbrel commercial was taken at the nearby north ranch country club
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
username actually the nps recently highlighted the fact that pradaxa levels need to be monitored - don't believe the marketing hype!
username i do agree with that but he's just not the qb for this offence, we need a smart effient qb and thag just not him
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
username she looks 50, easily. (purple dress pic?) also, she's prob super rich as ex-wife of exelon chairman, if she had a good lawyer
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hashtag brains
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hashtag ms
username username all she needed for her major depression was a pill of pristiq or cymbalta.u cud have saved her,how do u feel now
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
definitely flu season... just saw the tamiflu commercial the one with the giant  face with tears of joy
username i was on seroquel ir 25mg before. seemed to help. was hard to get off of. plus i worry about diabetes.
username username i took it for my arthritis. did enbrel for a while too.
over here popping that cymbalta hashtag wussup
hehehe ba-na-na! username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
smear the buds we do not see dexilant the submarine voyage have you had barbie lily tomlin unsightly filet mignon well done
username maybe a lozenge will help.
so latuda is for people who are bi-polar, but a side effect is increase of suicidal thoughts. what the fuck.
dealbook: utility operator exelon to buy pepco for $6.8 billion
username yes! docs put me on vocal rest once they didn't know what was wrong..turns out it was gerd..they gave me nexium
username username ditropan is a good drug
how am i supposed to tell if i'm too sick to take my hashtag humira if i never actually feel well?! hashtag spoonie hashtag rheum
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
username really really glad you’re not suffering horrible side effects though. i hear pregabalin (also for fibro) can help.
username username username username username the only rx i take is baclofen.
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
we literally have to give my dog miralax
ashley sold someone adderall and now she's convinced that she is going to get arrested and go to jail...
i hope my kids never get asthma. smh you should see me and carlos grabbing for our pumps and advair lately. hashtag nerdy
they're talking about lithium and klonopin and seroquel and abilify and xanax and effexor and trazodone
username username s.korean han syndrome includes acute pain in one's guts and bowels maybe they should take some imodium pills.
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
rt username best compliment youve ever received? — geoffrey geodon from perry once said mt cheeks were cute then brushed my ... hyperlink
can i just say i started the break of dawn quest and meridia is like, wow.
2nd day off opiates (again) w loperamide only and all i wanna do is masturbate n cry
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
bombay hc sides with natco on nexavar cl case...that leaves one last case at delhi hc...only if bayer does not knock at the supreme court..
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
i need cymbalta
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
nothing ticks me off more than having my pt tell me that she's not taking her gabapentin anymore bc a cna told her it's a sleeping pill!!
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
encouraging initial data from ongoing phase 1/2 trial of th-302 plus bortezomib (velcade(r)) plus dexamethasone (tbord) in patients wit...
username have biologics likevhumira or enbrel been researched for ms?
username squirtle, lozenge, builder, umph. hashtag rhymeskills, kinda.
i guess silva didn't take his boniva this morning. hashtag teamusa
almost chocked on a lozenge
amitiza (lubiprostone) - is about 7$ per day on average hashtag geriatricsconference
lyrica may cause suicidal weight gain. don't drink machinery or misuse lyrica unless it means everything to yo.
username you said they gave you seroquel or am i misreading?
interesting to see brent saunders at $frx buying saphris -- one of his old products from schering -- from $mrk.
username if i was 2 make up 5ml of a 250 micro molar solution of metoprolol tartrate how many grams of metoprolol powder would ineed?
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
i've been approved for free tecfidera for a full year. shipinfo should come in 1-3 days. trying not to get too excited because of last time.
manusky should give the d line some imodium ad so we can stop these damn runs tonight. hashtag snf hashtag nevsind hashtag coltstrong hashtag stopthepatriotflu hashtag gocolts
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
username con't seroquel is a crap drug they foist on elderly the young. used out of market for so many things. i hate drs who use
wonder how many times they said the word bleeding on this xarelto commercial
username username username people affected by the drug thalidomide women who've had a symphysiotomy exempt from means test
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
making that purple drank, mixing imodium and pepto just like lil wayne. or am i doing it wrong?
new fycompa registered (perampanel) data presented at international epilepsy congress (iec) ...
if you have bi polar depression you should take latuda altho it may cause a increase in suicidal thoughts
username this is a guy, so not that. i've seen the pcos metformin as well.
username username username yeah he could do with some imodium for his mouth complaint
username username watching him period upsets my stomach. i think i may need imodium md or something
username why go to the gym when you can take vyvanse and get the same results quicker? person tipping hand
username why did they make u drink that stuff? when i have mine they give me pills or there's a miralax prep. hashtag oldschoolcolonoscopy
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
i just got tricked into drinking a supplement drink that had a whole bottle of miralax in it grinning face with sweat pistol
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hashtag nap time for this girl. stupid hashtag medications hashtag paxil hashtag trazodone hashtag seroquel
well shoot. forgot today was a hashtag humira shot day. hate these!
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hashtag innopsy
enbrel lol hashtag ra know all about it! hashtag h50
rt username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy rt username username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i …
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
no. she nice? rt username username you ever tried their first cousin lunesta
fuckin viagra and apixiban commercials during the hashtag alcs .. baller marketing
username good good. and in the case of heat, diclofenac could be deep heat or voltarol. gels are better as you get massaged too.
username i don't know, what's the difference between waiting in line at the suboxone clinic and waiting for a drug dealer to hook you up
i remember when my grandpa sat me down. we had the symbicort talk about his chronic obstructive pulmosis. just like the ad during football.
tonight was a bust. i didn't even have fun really. i was so moody. is there something wrong with me? should i take viibryd again?
final lab exam finished. diclofenac caps for everyone!
audio: effects of thalidomide 'were horrific'
username yes! it was a great show! i took imodium and didn't eat much yesterday.
they should concentrate on preventing the next vioxx - e-cigs are effective!!! rt username fda looks to regulate e-cigarettes:
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
username yeah i have like 120 mcgs rescue and symbicort which is like two drugs put together for my asthma. i hope that you'll be okay
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
all the prescribe is death zyprexa , paxil , and respirdone , fuck the people who support dabilify
username i don't know pensive face i'm bout to take imodium
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
username username gabapentin for anxiety and migraine prevention with very rare clonazepam for serious episodes
islamophobia, and by islamophobia i mean liraglutide
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
the fact that i've been terrible about taking my night-time meds lately (which includes my paxil) is probably a secondary reason for feels.
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
username glucose dependency of victoza gives it is low potential for hypoglycemia events. hashtag psweducation
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
just heard a great debate on hashtag remicade from hashtag ddw but now im just more unsure if i should stay on hashtag humira... hashtag crohnsproblems
username username issue was actually criminal negligence - pharma grunenthal hid evidence + agrressively marketed thalidomide = it knew risk
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hashtag feelnoshame
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
azn - good success in china where co grew 19.5%, above market rate of 14%. less success in us brilinta growth, impacted by doj investigation
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
don't care who knows. the cartoon wolf doctor in the symbicort commercial is pretty hot.
symbicort is the best inhaler i've ever been on..actually a turbohaler.
username sunday leh. justt not sure whats max daily dose of lyrica
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
anyone else take their nexium with iced coffee after having some tomato soup?
username u take paxil? it's helped me. i can actually leave my house now.
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hashtag tolerance hashtag fml
i'm tired of luansantanaadrenalina ! is at least offering acomplia
i need miralax or laxatives omgosh weary face
that symbicort commercial with the wolves is gr8 they're all cute af
eat a 300mg seroquel and try to stay awake all night
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
latuda is the name of a depression medicine. i can't even say that without giggling much less be depressed hashtag latuda
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
watching smoky and the bandit...sally fields stayed hot well into her boniva years.
username that's what cymbalta is for
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hashtag olanzapine hashtag timetochange hashtag bipolar
has anybody seen this victoza commercial!!?? the majority of the commercial is about the gatdamn side effects!! shit!
nexium needs to get logos done asap !
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
i hate cipro! hashtag antibiotic hashtag nauseous hashtag cf hashtag hospitallife hashtag cysticfibrosis
my difficulty in breathing comes again :( and im back with my nebulizer and ventolin :(( asthma!!
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
rt username cat bite -&gt; pasteurella multicida -&gt; tx is augmentin if pcn all then cipro + clinda hashtag foamed hashtag meded hashtag abim
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
cialis (tadalafil) and paxil (paroxetine) both have methylenedioxy the same functional group as hashtag mdma. hashtag goodstuff
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
not sure the paxil is working any more
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
parents screaming, someone's threatening suicide at my love, trazodone it is
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
username shit i forgot to take advair brb
username have you tried cimzia? was on remicade for 1.5 yrs, humira 2 mos, moving on to cimzia was curious of your thoughts
username depression sucks. hashtag nosleepfordayz” cymbalta can help.
username fluoxetine a generic equivalent for prozac and trazodone
silver linings are zoloft, lithium, paxil, xanax, and valium. hashtag slp
whoa! rip roaring diarrhoea with mucus. mum's poor irradiated bowel has really missed its loperamide over the past few days.
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
username ciprofloxacin i have a uti that's spread into my kidneys
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
username can u manage viox i will pay
tolcapone got two point
so duloxetine and pregabalin combination has been shown to work in hashtag fibromyalgia
rheumatoid arthritis sucks. whoever finds a cure or something better than enbrel will be my new hero.
the younger guy on the eliquis commercials shot is so prime, most of you probably won't know what i'm talking about hashtag ballin
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
i want acomplia
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
my granny said she was going to put me on paxcil or prozac... flushed face  hashtag okay hashtag iaintcomplaining
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hashtag health2con
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
i don't know why you'd take oxycodone recreationally. i mean i love how it makes me not hurt rn but if i wasn't in pain nothing else -
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
thank goodness for this tamiflu i had in my medicine basket thumbs up
forms of birth control: 1.) depo shot syringe 2.) nuvaring heavy large circle 3.) u.s. army United States flexed biceps 4.) the pill pill
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
that guy in the commercial that's so excited about crestor needs to be put on a no-fly list.
de carro bros winery combines easy-to-misconstrue molasses essences and a snap-crackle-pop albuterol essence in their 2010 cabernet sauvign
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
username i could scream free suboxone and she'd probably break her neck looking for it thatd be easier
username oh so guess who found a random darvocet somewhere… and guess who also found out that her internist does a ua every appointment???
hashtag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
sigh...some days were just meant for champaigne and prozac.
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
username i honestly don't drink more than once a year (don't like to) but with my cymbalta trazodone, i shouldn't drink.
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
username zero told me something., she said as she puts out a buprenorphine tablet, drink this.
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username get some
i get my suboxone on 10/13/14 i need something now
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
ni mesti ada chemistry antara each other . k
starving. .. thanks saphris
username plz wear a nuvaring
finding a tasty lozenge is really tricky nowadays. and that fisherman? he isn't my friend. :(
suboxone up the nostril, cutting the hedge which is more like something out of the amazon...having a smoke!
the miralax is behind (and out of) me, now it's time to drink the magnesium citrate. it's sour. at least it's only 10oz. hashtag sheenascope2014
username i've used the nuvaring for over a year now and i love it. so much better than having to take a pill everyday.
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
ventolin  then sleep. goodnight.
girl said my nuvaring game strong weary face face with tears of joy
oxycodone xanax or bars would do me justice right now
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
so far i'm up to 40mg of geodon injected tonight. keep it up sacramento.... i got more
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
username training 3al symbicort inhaler :')
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
username username username damn it's some tens y'all actin like he got a scrip of suboxone or some
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hashtag ra hashtag rheum
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hashtag nosleep
username don't forget the levothyroxine and the ever present omeprazole.
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
chevrolet orlando- spacious, fuel effient and perfoming... its a car to buy for someone like mewuz gt a large family and many friends
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
nexium really got murphy lookin better, who knew the cure to the z's was a purple pill? lol hashtag znation
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
tylae. get your shit together!! joe it is! i took imodium this morning!
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
what's xigris classified as? a super expensive drug that you don't give unless they're meeting jesus at the pearly gates.  oh okay.
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
advair been working for me for a decade, now i gotta change because these insurance co's don't wanna pay for it anymore...
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
username username poop and pain both sound better than death to me. tysabri is a no-no. big time.
username he’s off grain, unless we can’t get him to eat his pergolide capsule. what would be a good way to still incorporate those?
lawd old miss cyrus boniva musta kicked in. he done turnt up bout bust jake's face wide open that vase lol! hashtag scandal
i can't wait to switch to remicade bc enbrel sucks why is it taking so long
username username username i'd like to read them! my dr said it'll either be remicade or humira if hashtag steroidhell2014 doesn't work
username janumet which is metformin + another drug-no insulin yet!
this lyrica commercial is od. fuck you mean might cause suicidal thoughts?
hashtag didyouknow avandia was once one of the u.s.’s most popular type 2 diabetes medications.
since stopping my namenda my hashtag crps is getting exponentially worse by the day. shoot me now. hashtag iwantmyscsback hashtag pain
username garret a. fitzgerald gets honored why some victims who took his drug vioxx died of heart attacks. the luck of the irish...
rt username iphone 5s leaked photo solidifies tip on lozenge flash: there’s nothing like a good dual-led flash upgra... hyperlink
alexis said i need latuda don't know what that is google it like wtf dude fuck u -.-
forget about ebola. renexa is in town.
q2 learn to treat dependence with buprenorphine
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hashtag headache
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
username nicotine is an addiction haha i swear that is the only commercial i hear. face with tongue
username copaxone, avonex, and tecfidera = fail. i'm jc+ so no tysabri. now what?? i'm thinking stem cell transplant!?!  hashtag lasthope
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
username username get seratide as changed my life big style. don’t use ventolin now. docs don’t like giving them out as expensive £40 ea
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
so if i have bipolar deprresion i can take latuda but i can't eat grapefruits.. i would be more depressed not being able to eat grapefruits.
peach heavycoin sigh...oh netscape advair diskus q. what time affleck raps in horse ebooks lois pulling q. in buck richard: arsenio boarder
username username yes, thank you jim. your support for thalidomide survivors is very welcome. thank you for your time this week
banana bread english muffin w/peanutbutter, my own bed, tons of trazodone a thunderstorm. goodnight.
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
this paxil pill has me on hashtag cloud9 i guess it's better than stressing.
enbrel shots hurt.
username ahahaha oops. well, i sure put my foot in my mouth, didn't i? :)
fda approves ranbaxy laboratories' generic version of $nvs novartis blood pressure pill diovan
tiotropium in asthma; increases time to 1st asthma attack by 56 days. number needed to treat = 15 hashtag agmconfuk
it wouldn't surprise me if this infection triggered a mini relapse at all. but it also means that my tysabri is working.
eat your saltines and here's a lozenge! hashtag nurses
metformin mana metformin????
hashtag neurojournal mult scl 2014 may 20:705 teriflunomide vs. interferon beta-1a rrms phase-iii trial comparison. results: no sig diff (1y e.p.)
$bdsi phase 3 clinical trial of bema buprenorphine as a treatment for severe pain achieved primary efficacy endpoint in chronic pain relief
habit-forming telmisartan
username nah i get u. im gonna need like an advair or a spare inhaler for chicago btw
so 25mg a day of quetiapine... anyone know if i'll notice anything in the first few days? i'm a bit scared that's all
i guess all my tweets are about how much this gabapentin be fucking me up
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hashtag core
give me my ventolin inhaler and two xenadrine
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hashtag phantomsangre
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
januvia has been a big, fat disappointment.
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
username you told me about nexium bit i ain't listen, i will now!
the crestor guy can go fuck himself. hashtag strongtake
username username at the time enbrel wasn't avail in sa. it's v expensive. did wonders for me. dr wrote a paper about my case.
wheres my mate imodium when i need him?!
username side-effexor? too many friends with disturbing experiences on that
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
username i always try. but i do have to get some revenge on meridia now.
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hashtag psoriasis
username username i have bp as well. if i can help,let me know. i take fluoxetine, bupropion, lamictal other meds.
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
username free, regardless if you got health insurance or not, cause you can goto a free clinic. try to get the restoril over ambien.
username of course they do. aspirin is cheap and xarelto cost millions to produce, and the manufacturers want to profit. nonsense.
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
this guy just injected something in himself at the shuttle stop i hope it was a victoza pen... flushed face
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
i'm gunna fucking overdose on this flovent shit
the next time you'll see anderson silva on tv is for a boniva commercial.
effient workmates, where are they?
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
idk i just really love the tamiflu commercial
this tamiflu commercial makes me giggle every single time. everything is just so tiny! lol idk.
rt username novartis' psoriasis drug superior to enbrel in study: zurich, july 8 (reuters) - results of a late-stage study... http:/…
username it's like throwing back a few lunesta
username 1000mg sodium valproate 40mg lexapro 150mg lyrica per night at the minimum for me at night.
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
username thanks and thanks for the lozenge hashtag lifesaver
cashflow enterpriser lozenge myob software?-which measurement software deal?
for my next trick, i will pull authentic mexican cuisine out of adderall (tm).
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
good night meridia i love you everything is okay babe i'm here for you and always will be have fun upnorth call me when you're home red heart face blowing a kiss
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
username i'm on fluoxetine ;)
username username username i look a bit thalidomide there.
the ultimate would you rather: fail all your finals or take an adderall have your heart explode?
username sorry to hear that, my wife has fibro, lyrica works well for her.
username username but there was a time release form of oxycodone which was oxycontin, which active ingredients were just oxycodone
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
nicotine withdrawals. hashtag needasmoke
assume vivid astro focus' adderall valium ativan focalin (cantilevering me) show username gallery (old deitch) hyperlink
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
rt username username no be a psychiatrist so you can prescribe me with life time amount of vyvanse and xanax
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
dominique wilkins should not be shooting j's for victoza commercials, he should be snapping backboards clean off off houses. c'mon man.
i've run out of neurontin and my muscle relaxer. no wonder i keep getting muscle spasms in my back, leg, and foot.
username username ya suboxone is a lot more expensive and i don't think covered either!!
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
shall go procure some lunch and take panadol also. in meantime, yes, lyrica does help.
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
ask your doctor if cymbalta is right for you
justice dept asks astrazeneca for brilinta clinical trial information
diclofenac is amazing. i can walk normally again hashtag thankyou username
username hey trapper tell me how my ass taste sincerely dave non hunter hashtag smackoff  hashtag mason storm hashtag lozenge
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
taking adderall was a great choice until i noticed some dust and ended up cleaning my entire bathroom with q-tips for an hour.
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
username username jake you're wrong lol. vyvanse has a lysine ester on the amphetamine so your body has to cleave the lysine b4
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
symbicort wolf needs rule 34, guys
and i've hit the sweet spot with the flovent i think. didn't cough last night or need to use inhaler.
username ship engineering la eh ? actually se subject paling tough antara tiga sub tu.
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hashtag bcproblems
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hashtag effexor
so, lesinurad+uloric is no better than uloric at the dosage $azn is filing. plus there's kidney aes. yet i'm being told filing is on track.
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
eliquis ain't right for anybody naming all the donts of the tablets sounds like you risking more
username ventolin with no cc? the plain blue kind? (im not in vancouver just wonderin. if i was i could help :/)
and so it was decreed on this day in 2013, year of our lord that my first born shall be nameth cymbalta.
username is the fluoxetine blue?
username they do profit off it though. i know a pack of venlafaxine is around £3 to buy, boots will sell it for £20
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hashtag seroxat hashtag sertraline hashtag fluoxitine hashtag lithium
i see some tamiflu in my near future.
username and the ring, nuvaring
username me too i had great benefit with vioxx but the cv issues really concern me.
w/out unique benefit wolfe says shouldn't dismiss heart safety concerns with spiriva respimat. username hashtag fda adcom
diabetes type 2 primary mech - insulin resistance leading to beta-cell destruction rx - diet exercise &gt; metformin +/- statins hashtag medrx
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
anyone who hates needles and is refusing enbrel for arthritis, seriously, don't be a pussy. this is the needle lol hyperlink
i've got enough crap to frett over w/o forest labs ceasing namenda production. it helps my mom in combination w/aricept. hashtag damnyouforestlabs
cool is running out of albuterol because you don't have a dr to prescribe it or advair, which would also prevent you from running out of alb
don't take eliquis if you have blood vessels or a human heart.
morphine kingdom, darvocet limited, the grand buprenorphine hotel, the royal tiletamines hashtag drugawesandersonmovie hashtag medicineamovie
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
i take three pills. oxyneo, gabapentin and cymbalta.
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
100% loperamide
username username what if they are resistant to pencillin?? try levaquin 250 mg daily for 12 days + rest. :)
username try imodium a.d. - it may help to stop the diarrhea spewing out your mouth.
sally field wins oscar for her starting role in the boniva commercial hashtag oscars
10 days of cipro again.. ugh
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
my ventolin inhaler never works
eddie kingston needs a lozenge
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
wow. well that commercial certainly sold me on cymbalta
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
weather for forever 21: partly sedate with a chance of imodium ad
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
username how long have you been on humira? have they added methotrexate yet?
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
i think it's bad i'm consistently in bed by 9 and asleep by 9:15. hashtag trazodone
username oh and how did you feel?? now my ventolin seems overrated haha
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
ondansetron and dexlansoprazole y'all can start working now. my stomach is on fire and i would like to not vomit. hashtag gastroparesis
username i hate ashma weary face yesssssss i am not alone. i have spiriva inhalers btw but i'm all out of the good red ones.
lolz username this quack nurse told me 2 take cipro forte 500mg wen i never eat, if i die y'all shud knw run clinic nurse naim kill me
wall-e coin market cap me yabba diem see. you lost! the cloak, like youre stiles. pee-wee fenofibrate gold coins machine. you win: u2
climate change, habitat destruction, pollution, lack of nutrition, breeding ground, safe environment, diclofenac led to vulture declination.
is putting prozac in someone's coffee a crime? asking for a friend.
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
username tim was is the effect of stopping victoza for weight loss? it didn't do much for me.
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
username should tamiflu be used as a prophylactic for other family members
what do you feed on? nicotine and wishful thinking. hashtag lostgirl hashtag truth
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hashtag olanzapine
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hashtag fuckms
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
i think advair makes my skin dry
i'm never gonna pack it in i know i'm addicted to the nicotine through my veins it flow
cant cope coming off hashtag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
from melatonin to ambien to restoril nothing has worked for this insomniac. glass of yogi bedtime tea, no sleeping meds, slept like a rock!
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
username yea same, type 2.. was told i'd get this years ago.. cant stomach metformin tho, but that be good for my pcos.. on januvia
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hashtag fibromyalgia
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.@mattbellemy
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hashtag zzzzz
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
username but u will feel soooo much better when you are of that shit! hold on! hashtag venlafaxine hashtag effexor
username username i had a nuvaring for like a week i hated it
username plus she huffs her advair to get attention
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
i love that my asthma has gotten so bad that i now take breathing treatments twice a day, flovent twice a day, and prednisone. hashtag asthma face with medical mask dashing away
username ahaha, try diclofenac sodium - - any brad. for pain and inflammation.. muscular and joint pain.. no prescription needed
took 3 adderall and there is not enough homework for me to do
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
username username username don't forget the side of crestor
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hashtag ra hashtag rheum
hey look its that chick in the boniva commercials!!!!
username lmfaoooo im dead, he offered candy i'm assuming he knew what metformin was for so he probably thought my sugar is low face with tears of joy
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
just be on the safe side and take otc melatonin for sleep. ambien and lunesta is a no no. lol
panel seems split on safety thus far -- at least as far as those who have voiced opinions. re username spiriva respimat adcom hashtag fda
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
username username crestor muscle problems
merck statement regarding chmp review of incretin-based therapies for    type 2 diabetes, including sitagliptin
white crowned hornbill. antara species bornean hornbill yg paling paling rare nak jumpa. hyperlink
you're not going to find a pygmy on paxil, i'll tell you that right now.
exelon urging citizen action for aging nuke fleet - is nuclear really clean? username username
ferc approves merger of exelon and phi holdings inc. (exelon corporation) .
$isis asm crooke: kynamro injection site reactions modest and some people are bothered by them, with apociiirx it is very mild.
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
username running out of alcohol fast and like if i take trazodone after i drink i wont wake up right?
username lol i'm gonna go nexium and ill let u know how it works username
poo african house imodium ad his bird he's not, souvenir shop. i diabetes dentist does justin goofy's kitchen. nose. my paul heyman bursitis
maybe i'm so sore because i haven't taken my suboxone for several days. it's such a pain in the arse to take though.
i wonder if i make a facebook group if i can get people to believe thalidomide thursdays is an actual night.
username advair is not a rescue inhaler, but is specifically designed to treat copd. please. stop!
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
yuck. nicotine lozenges make your mouth feel like you're sucking on a battery. hashtag me
avoid grapefruits and grapefruit juices while taking latuda &gt; do not taunt happy fun ball
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
cymbalta commercials make me want to kill myself.
diclofenac for the pain
username no joke!  hashtag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hashtag tecfidera :)
username is it ok if i'm not taking my med: brilinta etc.
if a side effect of latuda isn't flatulence, i call bullshit.
don't take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. well gee, thanks pharmaceuticals.
ripe like underwear fargo not take skew forbid grano lunesta diarrhea hut, horse ebooks sesame street on lsd shaquille o'neal
antara salt and aadc?
username yeah - that's what seretide did for me - combines fluticasone salmeterol.
username adderall
username this bitch literally just asked if nicotine is something you put in your eyes. hashtag whatanightmare haha wow
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hashtag msfatigue
username we figured no one needed any free samples of brilinta so you got candy instead!
username i find i can just about tolerate olanzapine, but i worry about developing diabetes, i absolutely hated clozapine though!
username thalidomide survivors are pleased you are looking at how you can support the campaign. thank you justin.
... (see lee et al korean circ j. 2011;41:61-7). most importantly, valsartan 160mg bid added to an ace inhibitor (val-heft) was...
i thinks it's bc i'm back on this ranexa which i need to get a refill on now that i think about it
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
username i'm planning pregabalin reduction clinics with my gp partners this week...tricky indeed!
it's been a while since we've seen a good sally field boniva commercial.
you better perform lunesta del rey
username i got trazodone and literature
username not even boniva is taking her calls :-(
i told one of my bosses that i'm going to invent my idea of nuvaring tongs to get them out it's a done deal getting it patented
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
good thing phil took his enbrel today for his rheumatoid arthritis! hashtag pgachamp hashtag oldageprobs
a commercial for victoza came on tv and i was explaining to my mom how it works: her: wow! that's amazing! me: now you see why i'm pharmd!
i found miralax and chocolate milk imma make some and then take somw reg lax when i get home
on an oreo related note: consuming said ice cream ontop of 150mg venlafaxine is not a wise decision..... ugh
just saw phil mickelson do an ad for enbrel looking a whole lot like pre-surgery-face bruce jenner. i've thought about this too much.
thankful for tamiflu hashtag flusucks
2 tabs of metoprolol did it!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.@monica saizm hashtag bananatweet
bone erosion reduced by denosumab in phase ii trial: progressive... -
username i hope i spelled miralax right
exelon to buy pepco holdings for more than $5.4 billion: bloomberg
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
the miserable have no other medicine/but only hope..and citalopram, and fluoxetine, and venlafaxine, and..... hashtag shakespearepharmacy
vyvanse = 5 lines of coke. can't. stop. moving.
i just calculated that i've taken 45,000 milligrams of suboxone in my lifetime. i'm an opiate cyborg.
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
username there should be a warning: no xarelto if you compete in nascar username
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
username i'm on simponi at the moment and have also been on humira. is enbrel injections?
whenever the januvia diabetes medication commercial comes on, i always think they are saying genovia and excitedly look for julie andrews.
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hashtag cipro
i just typed: oxycodone high in google. hashtag wannabe hashtag druggy hashtag wisdom hashtag teeth hashtag aftereffect
not bringing home any adderall was a bad idea. someone bring me an iv drip of caffeine.
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
gamma-aminobutyric acid acts as a neurotransmitter. it has slight stimulatory effects on the brain may help induce a state of calm. hashtag gaba
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
gonzales vineyards intertwines obsessive gingerbread undertones and a steamy albuterol aroma in their 2009 cabernet. hashtag واجعل
username actually really upset that you don't feel well luke...take some imodium it'll plug your ass up
ghostwriting has become an increasingly troublesome problem in the medical science community, and the vioxx debacle is a perfect example of
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hashtag crohns
i really hope the guy in the tamiflu commercial shrunk back to normal size....but i guess we'll never know.
ssri birth injury drugs: celexa, effexor, lexapro, paxil, prozac, and zoloft. call now to speak with an attorney. 1.888.520.5202.
keep shittin, no imodium
science time ever notice that an experiment/demo with sildenafil (viagra) always gets a roomful of smirks and snickers?  hashtag pde5 hashtag pfizerriser
vyvanse you're so good to me. lol
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hashtag notgood
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hashtag pain
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
opened username saw this: ims is owned by a hedge fund and manipulates the #'s on belviq to make $arna look bad... closed it... lol
i was hoping sally field would be wearing a boniva t-shirt hashtag oscars hashtag productplacement
username username not true. clinical data had approval of viibryd ah on a friday. that was nda though.
anyone taken hashtag vayarin or hashtag latuda? what did you think? hashtag depression hashtag bipolar
username what do you take for it? dexilant is awesome for those with hashtag scleroderma
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hashtag disgusted
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hashtag needacigarette
patients getting rx's for 360 count metformin shouldn't be allowed hashtag smalltraybigpill hashtag its360 hashtag pharmproblems username
fosamax side effects esophagus problems hypocalcemia bone, joint, or muscle pain osteonecrosis unusual thigh bone fractures
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
username alendronate works in elderly. intended benefits are relevant. issues are compliance/tolerability and life expectancy&gt; 1 yr
username lol - nooo. i have been on trazodone, duloxetine today i am due to start sertraline?? none have even touched the sides as yet
.@novartis' sandoz generics division creating hashtag enbrel hashtag biosimilar. sandoz now has 7 phase iii biosimilar clinical trials. via username
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hashtag zombie
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
all that wheezes is not asthma. lots of enterovirus d68 in sk that mimics an asthmatic exacerbation. pedia pred and ventolin still help!
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
basically what i'm saying is, payless kmart crestor the general insurance other various franchises out there need to step their game up!!
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
username i started with rebif but developed cellulitis so now i take tecfidera 2x daily
username i have tried carbamazepine, topomax, lamotrogine, keppra, vimpat, all with nothing, on the epilepsy surgery programme now!
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitis
my doctor told me i could take a username hashtag yumbo instead of miralax to flush my system out (liquid shit) before my colonoscopy
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
how does the hashtag fda have the audacity to negotiate away safety info on hashtag birthcontrol labels?  hashtag nuvaring hashtag health hashtag yaz hashtag beyaz hashtag obgyn
i can’t see the point in taking hashtag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
singulair, alvesco serevent.@menzyy: username which meds do u use to control it florence? i'm also asthmatic
so the medicine latuda. pretty sure that’s going to be a child’s name someday. or is already a child’s name. latuda! latuda come here!”
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
username take out hags, hussies, thyroid fakers, people w mental problems who don't feel well on synthroid = richard guttler md-5 stars!
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hashtag whygodwhy hashtag whyme
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
rt username hashtag todolist 1-finish throat lozenge. 2-record here's the thing for username 3-invent renewable energy source using …
i can't stop yawning hashtag trazodone
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
username i have advair discs here
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
fosamax or alendronate is for osteoporosis. take in the morning. without food. kbai
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hashtag usmle
the pictures that old lady takes in that eliquis commercial suck.
tradjenta . trade your jen until you become young.
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
thanks for the lamotrigine rts x
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
in need of a clan? join aciphex , we chill and always active hashtag clashofclans
gave myself my first enbrel shot. seems small, but i did it. i did it, and i'm okay. so that isn't small.
username i'd argue that $vvus and $arna sales are right in line with expectations based on historical meridia xenical u.s. sales
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
fda padac votes 10-3 to approve spiriva respimat for copd
username they want to double my infliximab but have to have a trough test first back on steroids he gave me imodium x
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
dr. lipman's - lose weight with belviq weight loss plan. many patients lose 10% of weight or more! hyperlink
username if naproxen not helping much, ask doc to swap to diclofenac. i can’t take either now, but when i did, diclofenac much better
hashtag plsnote sildenafil (the active ingredient contained in viagra) may cause unwanted side effects that require medical attention
advair: asthma medication,works like albuterol but is long-acting. its effect can last up to 12 hrs, ask ur dr. what's right for u
you need jesus.... or prozac
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hashtag suffering hashtag reality
username victoza and metformin.
i like to tip imodium ad and discover it. i just called my friend cleaning. he is so twix! i have black eyes and hazel hair.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
username as someone who has needed nexium i can definitively say yes.
username sorry for jumpin ass man. being sober gives me mood swings. gotta double my dose of paxil. tired of this liver b.s.
fosamax users may also be at risk for a diaphysis femur fracture which occurs in the thigh bone. toll free 1.888.520.5202. se habla espanol.
rt username how is it only now that i realize that the beta 1 selective blockers are in the first half of the alphabet! hashtag metoprolol hashtag at…
i hate the latuda tv add so much
username username ventolin inhalers help breathing if pepper sprayed! in oz if you hve one the police aren't allowed to spray you...
ranbaxy laboratories -gets usfda nod for valsartan: agencies alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
username who needs ambien and lunesta when you weed or wine and hitachi? :)
reaching end of tether. take this + paracetamol x 4/day + 2xbuprenorphine x 3/day + buprenorphine patch hashtag stillinpain hyperlink
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
sildenafil username u mean porn rt username boner making pills
another enbrel commercial in which phil mickelson doesn't blink. is. he. an. alien?
phil mickelson looks sooooo creepy in this enbrel ad damn im terrified
username it's called miralax
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
saving patients money by switching them from nasonex to fluticasone. insurance paid the pharmacy $20 to do it. hashtag managedcare
when my brothers adderall wears off at night...... hyperlink
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
i can only imagine the field day furaffinity is having over cartoon wolf grandpa from the symbicort commercials
toprol xl is an extended release metoprolol (beta-blocker) that can lower blood pressure and heart rate hashtag meded hashtag ptsafety hashtag hcsm
.@myelomacinderel username not just dex. many other drugs are like that. we learnt after a long time how to use velcade correctly.
an aa couple seeking fertility sent b'cos she has diabetes.however she is obese has pcos with lack of ovulation. given metformin for both.
username a take them for migraines, gabapentin on top of them noo, fkn zonked lmao
i guess my kittens a nicotine fiend grinning cat face grinning cat face dashing away hyperlink
rt username dr john buse: most impressive at #2013ada victoza+degludec= -1.9% a1c reduction insulin on steroids bit of weight loss …
love the pharmaceutical talk today on username !! celebrex, lyrica, and vioxx
zyrtecd, hydrocodone, nasal spray, levofloxacin and prednisone are amazing! i can breathe now. thank you insurance!
username username on tegretol/gabapentin.40 seizures in 3 mths.tried sodium valproate,epilum,lamotrigine,frisium-refractory ep-sy
uh seeing enbrel commercial reminds me of always having doctor appointments...
username ~ sorry to bring this up again; can u do something about price eating on air? maybe it's a throat lozenge? still annoying.
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
username i remember that place - eventually i went 'cold turkey'. my 1st tweets last year are about my experience coming off venlafaxine.
ughgugh when people meet meridia for the firts time it's like voice from beyond and then u get to her shrine and it's like
so will i get the same effects with vyvanse as i do with focalin or nah?
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
let's get this right metformin is the mother but needs a son! deficiency: we want to squeeze wht's left in pancrease -sulfonylurea
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hashtag superhard
username i take singular and advair and they keep me right until i run out. lol
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hashtag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
username  confounded face oh noooo so u think it true too?!? where's username ? hoovie i'm depressed tired face their going to put me on cymbalta confused face ...
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hashtag socute
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
also, i probably od-ed on ventolin and symbricort today sigh this is bad real bad michael jackson
promo chateau renoir merges splendid crack-cocaine elements and a tummy-tickling albuterol aftertaste in their 2007 cabernet sauvignon. hol
rt username even when i have nothing to do i feel like i should take my vyvanse so i don't feel so worthless hashtag unproductive hashtag vyvanse…
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
suboxone is no joke
the quest isn't starting bc meridia doesn't want to talk to me lmao
latuda is never far from my mind.
username have you tried miralax yet? i tried it recently and really enjoyed the results
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hashtag funtimes
username ew. imodium my friend
username olanzapine. the thing you want, it's olanzapine.
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
4am and the quetiapine has failed to sedate me hashtag bipolar hashtag insomnia
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
username username cipro, levaquin avelox are all horrifically poison--run for your life from fq antibiotics!!!
twin is the symbicort plug electric plug face with tears of joy weary face
rt username what is antidepressant fluoxetine is prescribed for? hashtag depressiondrugs hashtag ssri  hashtag drug
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
username depends on the biologic - can use the. 5 1/2 lives rule, enbrel wait 2-3 weeks then wait 2 weeks. others may be longer
fluoxetine doesn't seem to be working. not one bit
fda calls for lower first dose of lunesta for sleep
username sorry about the throat. get a lozenge (dequadine,strepsils,medica,menthodex or any other good one)
username mouth watering over a chantix, tormpatix adderall cocktail
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
username different structure, made by cpgj in china, approved via o/l study, no h2h data vs. enbrel -&gt; not hashtag biosimilar, just a copy.
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hashtag rheum
does januvia bring diabetics someone else to ride the see-saw with?
i notice hashtag pauladean is the face of the hashtag victoza hashtag diabetic medication. huge population of hashtag negroes suffer from hashtag diabetes. a legitimate voice?
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hashtag lamotrigine
username antidepressants. i googled the effects of oding on them before i did it lol. but all i had was a bunch of weak generic effexor.
even adderall and coffee have been unsuccessful in motivating me to work today. just wanna nap in the sun and work off this hangover!
does anyone know what kind of drug trazodone is
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
username i need in, fuckin advair is $600?!
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
username # tysabri on hold. trying rebiff first. dr. 's opinions conflict. confused
crestor commercials are unbearable
got some food and electrolytes and celecoxib in my body early so things are good i think
today is off to an absolutely excellent start...as i have dropped the adderall from my pocket
pregabalin in hashtag rls in username better sleep, lower rls scores, but with greater somnolence and dizziness hyperlink
miralax shots for everbody!
team exelon is looking for a manager to manage and get sponsors for the team! dm username username username username
girlfriend you can call me a fucking bitch all you want, you're still not getting your suboxone early.
username is he on prozac?
no kids thats not the lady from boniva commercials...thats sally field.
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
esotr: meridia doin' a little fishing together!!!! here's to good times and many more to come! hyperlink
gonna start taking vyvanse again, so i can stop thinking about food.
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
sony should pack a bottle of paxil with every copy of last of us. loving it but so depressing.
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
username when i first started taking nebivolol (bystolic, a beta blocker) it was $70 a month. it was lowered to $30. yay!
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
username but it has nicotine in it you know. but no harmful effects of smoking a burning cigarette.
humira, the sub-cute-tiny-ass injection. hashtag arthrtispuns
antara betah pengen pindah.. which i should to choose??? hashtag idontknow
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
username when vioxx bextra were taken off market it was said all nsaids harm the heart. it's not a big surprise.
future title: counselling psychologist.. 3 years bachelors.. 2 years masters.. 5 years phd.. i promise i'll be dr. boneva one day o:)
dude where's my advair
hashtag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
took saphris (asenapine) today...pleasantly drowsy and mellow
2:54 pm 10tv showed a spiriva ad. a man his wife take the beautiful spiriva elephant for a ride in a convertible. he loved it!
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hashtag sleepdisorderproblems
morphine, pregabalin sleeping tablets....yet still i am wide awake! enough drugs to knock out an elephant, but not me! hashtag sleepdeprived
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
boniva doesn't work. :(
antara lain adalah red anarchist skinhead dan skinhead against racial prejudice
tmi the nurse just said you could take imodium but that might put you too far in the opposite direction lmao
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
also can lana have nothing to do with the new bond film. i am not here for a lunesta ass opening credit song.
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
username ooh bless ur heart. that tamiflu helps they gave it to squirrel last year when he had it. take care of urself girly!
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
yeah, self esteem, peer pressure and people being overly pushy was not as much of an issue until i was given geodon by weber human when i
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hashtag olanzapine
username i'm always on plaquenil, mtx inject, prednisone. for my combo i've tried sulfazine which worked a little enbrel did nothing
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
oral apixaban for treatment of jfc nooooo
username if exubera could get bought out (w/o efficacy) ... afrezza is better ... wait till when they ann a partnership :)
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
username hope you are feeling better soon,i got cipro from doctor on prescription and it helps after a couple of days
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
username i'm on humira and pred at the moment. have been on remicade, imuran, methotrexate. lots of nasty things but i'm still alive! :)
username it has been 1.5 years i am still working on it. i have had most success with lyrica (neuropathy pain) some head
username i know! the doses of levothyroxine are almost half what they were in the seventies! i gave it six years to no avail. ndt rocks
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hashtag cantsleep
health care renewal: logical fallacies in defense of the paradigm - hf trial of valsartan - sacubitril, suppsedly the game changer for...
see this nikola bonova she getting on my tits now!!!!!
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
rt username en hashtag espanol: drug safety communication: hashtag fda investigating 2 deaths following injection hashtag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
pizza gelato from cipro pizza al taglio, cab sav from dan's and a good film harry potter on tv or the hobbit what a night?! perfect...
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
i'm not saying i'm old, i'm just saying i'm drinking a pomegranate screwdriver with miralax in it.
and nexium saves the night! pill
some damn cymbalta and a fifth of jack.
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hashtag sick&amp;tired
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
hashtag drjuliemcadam - buprenorphine can be particularly dangerous when taken in combination with benzodiazepines
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
username we moved last sept.mark got a great job with exelon corp as a video producer. reinvention #64!i'm freelance writing. good fun!
username i'm on tysabri currently but it's not working :( hoping it is working for you. cute pic!
username my doctor put me on nexium but i've only just started it so our hasn't kicked in yet. other than that, no food close to bed
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
this neurontin better either a. fuck me up b. let me sleep.
she thinks temazepam is strong. um, no.
.@nytimes unlike big pharma here: bextra vioxx paxil avandia hyalgan zyprexa seroquel depakote aggrenox atrovent combivent micardis aranesp
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
i gave mom celecoxib and b complex by pharex to ease her pain on her hips. due to her arthro pain.
my doctor told me that i should not stop taking my ventolin inhaler. hahaha. now where is that thing hiding
the most common examples of piperazines are: bzp tfmpp sildenafil / viagra cyclizine meclizine mcpp  hashtag pipesff
username username username hashtag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
username do you know what was the drug on the control arm ? was it valsartan , which had issues of its own ?
yea all i need is meridia in life!!!
username username probably not. supposedly, eliquis is 'safer'. drug companies are doctors... spin doctors!
sonja snorts coke laced with boniva hashtag rhony
username get that dog some geodon and counseling
parents. 452/1000 4/12. ma zeh? ani lo ima! oy va voy! (could i even have kids someday with a baclofen pump installed? prob. not!)
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hashtag quetiapine
username username username i'm telling you man, nothing worked for me. nexium is the truth. i have to take it every day.
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
username i dont get that! here's some suboxone to get off of heroin but you're going to take it for the rest of your life and if not
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hashtag arthritisprobs
so the two treatments im going to have are called humira and remicade. one sounds like a drug, one sounds like a philisophical movie. cool.
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
s/o to nicholas bartholomew viox for his dedication to the mason varsity figure skating team. good luck in the meet friday! hashtag espnu username
oh ffs, i keep losing one pack of lamotrigine, and i need one of each &gt;:c *throws stuff about*
how is it that tamiflu costs $500 our healthcare system is soooo messed up
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
username i have to stop the cymbalta can you believe it
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hashtag funtimes
username are you detoxing now? it was a rough one but i got clean in treatment with suboxone a very slow taper. took a while, but
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
username do you like humira otherwise? good to have your dad as a remicade reference.
username humira done.tho i'm thinking its days are numbered :s oh? you fed up or getting less effective! hope you are okay.x
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
this nigga behind me tryna give me some oxycodone before a game smh
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hashtag ozsleep
aphex twin – ventolin [cylob mix]  hashtag nowplaying
long run managed through judicious use of caffeine gels and loperamide
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
username username username username username 2 of the meps to whom thalidomide survivors are grateful for support
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
were the greatest discovery of the age; this universal lozenge was health.
every time i hear the eliquis commercial i think it's jason sudeikis talking about a medication.
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
username my youngest had it over thanksgiving break, but tamiflu knocked it out quickly. hope you have same good luck!
lunesta in hand: i love when you meet new friends that seem like they've always been your friend hashtag wearethebody
on a negative note my pizza tastes like ventolin inhaler.
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
lunesta starting to kick in.
i think i'm goin to back off that nuvaring
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
got summer school tomorrow anybody wanna loan me some vyvanse or adderall? pretty please!!
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hashtag painfull 4 evr!
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hashtag ibdselfie hyperlink
hello hashtag bpdfriends et al. ladies specifically, if you take/have taken hashtag quetiapine / hashtag seroquel i'd like to have a dm chat- msg me please, ty!
username are drs. prescribing percocet, oxycontin, and hydrcodone because darvon and darvocete--pain relievers that worked are gone?
username i think nexium pill
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
rt username top stories in health and medicine - 1. 2 pradaxa doses beat warfarin in afib. considering both efficacy and... hyperlink
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
dunno if it's alanis, the scotus rulings, or that i've finally stopped my effexor, but i've been on the verge of joyous tears all morning.
nurse:i'm thinking of giving him a geodon shot. *thinking*?? in the meantime, he's*thinking* of hitting every aide he passes, idiot.
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
username gotta get that advair shun shit be having me feel like i have iron lungs
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hashtag yaforbiologics hashtag rasucks
hashtag vilazodone can make any man gay for pussy gay for ice cream. imagine being into ice cream more than pussy?! hashtag antidepressants
username ur right for a while, i couldn't stop. mormont killed, crestor killed, and then you think... oh no the baby
metformin or insulin for gestational diabetes: does it matter in the long children prenatally exposed to metformin were taller and heavier
username try some tums lol i've been feeling good ever since i took some nexium for like 2 weeks it's pricey tho
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
fosamax severe side effects: esophagus problems hypocalcemia bone, joint, or muscle pain unusual thigh bone fractures 1.888.520.5202.
hey username , see 'nique is doing victoza diabetes drug ads? hashtag stillcantgoleft  hashtag humanhighlightfilm
username pregabalin may be worth a try too - takes 5-6 weeks to show much effect/for side-effects to settle etc.
welcome abhyang sagar antara pardeshi username hashtag babyboy thx a lot username hashtag ray
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hashtag nospoonsday
username username thalidomide is the name of the chemical that causes the affliction, not the affliction itself... :p
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
username allora buona serata da cipro tony! i'm laughing...i don't even speak italian for god's sake lol
the adderall page is me to a t without drugs. lol
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hashtag yaforbiologics hashtag rasucks
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
true story: li'l baby lozenge woke up crying and the clock said 4:20 a.m., so i thought of you guys.
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hashtag crazypeopleproblems
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
username . it takes about 2 weeks, but weed screws up the process of prozac helping the anxiety
username there's a documentary on bbc 2 tonight at 9pm about thalidomide
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
nicotine and faded dreams
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
if the hashtag raiders ever get a new stadium, i think either rolaids, tums or nexium should get naming rights for the heartburn the team causes.
username i was also gonna look into the nuvaring as well, my friend uses it and swears by it. definitely gonna do my research on both!
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
this girl got me hooked like nicotine
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
hashtag eds friends! anybody taken hashtag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
husband is sick, cat managed to get the lid off the nexium and i can't swear he didn't eat one, i still can't really breathe. i hate october
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username try it! lol
want beverly to know: depression hurts, but cymbalta can help!
god bless mothers who go to the drugstore in their pajamas to get your ventolin refill when you can't breathe.
i'd take a handful of lunesta rn
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
love/hate relationship with adderall
correct username username thalidomide or lenalidomide increase chances of dvt.
levofloxacin dan carboxymethilcellulose sodium hashtag resep dr.santi
so there's a drug for bipolar disorder called latuda... just saying latuda makes me laugh! hashtag latoota
username username username it's all too late! the horse bolted long ago! cameron is reaching for the imodium as ukip is on the rise!
username i really, really miss my darvocet right now.
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
username lmao its better than the nicotine lozenges that loodite and brennan use to use
username currently on remicade +methotrexate, celebrex. ran through enbrel, humira, simponi. enbrel worked best 2-1/2 years.
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
antara si dia dan si dia, which one will you choose?
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
username username stay on warfarin. much safer has reversal agent. pradaxa does not.
many people have criticised my imodium addiction. i don't give a shit!
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
suboxone is a cock block
darvocet hittin hard
gabapentin always relaxes me but never takes the pain away.... so i'm now too relaxed to change positions even though it hurts...
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
username don't forget about victoza! way too many side effects with metformin. victoza got my a1c down to 5.9 grinning face with smiling eyes great meeting you!!
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
depression hurts, cymbalta can help. jk. cymbalta doesn't do shit except put a gun in your hand
hanwha's etanercept hashtag biosimilar hd-203 approved in korea on 11 november 2014. wonder when they will file in europe?
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
temazepam though hashtag zzzzzzz
username username username effexor xr works amazing for me, i just gotta never forget doses
this nigga really tried getting me to pop an adderall at 3am....
i highly regret not taking a nexium before dinner earlier. feels like death is near.
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
you know it's finals week when you find adderall laying in the parking lot
username i have 4 of them: prince valium, zoloft, viibryd and paxil. xd
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
hmmmm not exactly true rt@awesomeattorney: januvia causing pancreatic cancer. lawsuits being filed. call for urgent info
rt username username 'i won't be around...when you really need me.' lozenge of love - one of my favorite hashtag radiohead songs.
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
latuda the bipolar depression medication half of all its side effects include death.
i'm now part of the pill popping world. doctor has give me prozac. i'll keep you updated on my journey.  hashtag prozacnation
username as it is chuttesi chethilo pedathadu antara
username username temazepam lees hashtag lufcondrugs
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
ciprofloxacin has its commerce from independent sectors so close match herbal, mental giant supplements, thyroid:
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
someone inject adderall straight iinto my heart please
rt username need more vyvanse for next week. who can hook it up
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
lunesta in hand:thankful i've got my daughters little dog here tonight the other has had his mama cleaning up piles, several times today.
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
as effective as enbrel is on my hashtag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
username hi there! how's aubagio working for u? i've used copax avonex but tysabri has really worked well 4 me
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
i need a fucking cymbalta
i am ridiculously glad tomorrow is friday. it's weeks like this that really test my prozac.
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
i love freaking people about with the trade name of drugs. advair diskus, neurontin, bactrim/septra, allegra and ortho tri-cyclen.
the lunesta didnt even work
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
username super big match top eleven indonesia pukul 10:35 antara victoria fc vs real madrid c.f
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
chuckling at my past hashtag halloween costumes: dubya with a wmd, and bird flu (hazmat suit with feathers, syringes tamiflu glued to it.) yours?
username fluticasone
the only ring she's interested in is the nuvaring ring face with tears of joy
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
is metformin safe for your patients? learn more on username
meet these two lovelies(: laquisha latuda margaret austin peter david carlton austin red heart  hashtag chicago hyperlink
i think hashtag snf got their advertisements crossed. it was crestor she was supposed to be marketing, not watches.
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
need my advair asap
oh good, this symbicort commercial has a whimpering golden retriever in it. i'm sure that won't drive eliot crazy. at all.
username username ty! yes, enbrel back on track + restarting mtx by injection. dz activity high. hope you recover quickly, w!
hashtag sundayfunday username nothing says class like calico jack value time string cheese camels and half a generic lunesta thumbs up ”
username i would like to know what seniors are suppose to do when they need enbrel and their copay is 893.00. who can afford that?
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
username if noticing is taken to be factive, you haven't noticed those things either. occam was a christian, btw. also, learn physics
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hashtag venlafaxine withdrawal.
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
my ex friend the rockabilly midget has finally figured out my exuberant smiles were in fact fake. beware of prozac ladies.
next time ima say yep and from what i can tell you show signs of manic depression and need to be on geodon and depakote
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
rt username head zaps the feeling that electric jolts are coursing through your brain, is one of the first symptoms patients fee…
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hashtag whygodwhy hashtag whyme
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
username username username yeah whoops sorry latuda
taking suboxone in a bmw lmao
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
*overly dramatic tweets about how i feel after my first sleep with seroquel*
did meridia just flip me off? who was that!?
username xans and suboxone
username coffin se, leckerman k, keren r, hall m, localio r, zaoutis te. oseltamivir shortens hospital stays of critically ill children ho
today is the day i totally ditch zoloft and switch to paxil only
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
tendons still achillin me, some hashtag rheum levaquin humor..
username gatau mba, antara comeback sm world wide innercircle astonished face astonished face
username username kanye and lyrica aye, they can fall back haha!
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
funniest adderall had me like... tweet by far face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy username username username hyperlink
esomeprazole may be more effective than ome, lanso, and panto in patients with reflux esophagitis. -wjg2009
username congrats. i'm 5 days free from suboxone and today's so hard i'm trying with my whole heart to get thru this.
onglyza --&gt; saxagliptin --&gt; antidiabetic agent
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
and now we wait for the vyvanse to kick in.
username pregabalin nortriptoline mst fentanyl patches linocaine patches or infusion.as you know trial and error .a list of questions?
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
username  wanna try my fosamax for your bone condition?  hashtag jpmpickuplines
interesting documentary about hashtag diabetes treatment on c4 tonight. slightly misleading as januvia and byetta are not the same! hashtag misleading
vyvanse instantly turns you into a world class lawyer.
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
username i used to throw oxycodone in the mix but i ran out of that and i don't dare try and see what i can get off the streets. it's
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hashtag diazepam hashtag baclofen
username username username username sg forgot to take doses of nexium and burnol before the un speech
username part of my problem, and that is a common side effect of symbicort in people with asthma. and other possible side effects...
username many hashtag patients consider vioxx a miracle drug. let academia perform an impartial study.why throw out the baby w/ the bath water?
ventolin suck out all my energy.
username jesus. from 2 pac through codeine crazy is amazing to me. imo that’s the best stretch of music in his discography period haha
doc out of pristiq smpls.began effexor. so ill.@pfizer rang.got prog 2 aid w/meds but not pristiq.cant pay $200/mth so i stay sick.tks pﬁzer
ring ring. hello chairy. spiriva software p.e. nordstrom raw mass effect. we hope to take a trip to ambro.
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
username you can get nexium otc. good stuff
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
on the wings of lunesta to help with your siesta
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
did anyone else see the worst jump shot in the history of basketball in the eliquis commercial during the florida/ucla game?
username i have prozac
do not lie down for 30 minutes when taking alendronate and risedronate
username thanks for the hashtag ebola info. i wanted to ask about the new way velcade is given to people with multiple myeloma on the inside
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
username username username username yeah, the advair is $310 for a months worth ( 1 inhaler =60 puffs )) $67 for the proaire
if you have depression you should take this medicine but watch out the leading side effect is suicidal thoughts -cymbalta commercials
hashtag ibis4: no change in number thin cap atheromas and no change in necrotic core volume with intense rosuvastatin - lorenz raber hashtag esccongress
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
username you can get a flu test at your doc’s office; if it is the flu, they can give you tamiflu to reduce the time you’re down.
i once fell inlove with a voice too... .. then i offered her a throat lozenge -__-
why do pediatricians only push miralax and not want to discuss diet or any other alternatives? it's not working for my kid at all!
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hashtag anxious
has anyone tried gabapentin before? hashtag cfs hashtag fibromyalgia
someone take gregg's boniva from him with all that hulkin' he doing.  hashtag rhoa
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
username i started at 7.2 now with crestor and 3fish oil tablets a day,down to 2.1,pretty good results in 3mths
username enbrel has a great support system and helps with my enormous copays!!!
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
username they have lunesta here but idk much about it
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
thankyou do much for flovent knight love you all dxxxxxx
i wish i felt like eating regularly. what is that about? metformin or depression. good thing is i have lost weight despite butter tarts!
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
username it should; back to levaquin. now to figure out why they're recurring after a few years' break from frequent ones. back to uro.
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
why did the foal need a lozenge? cause he was a little hoarse!! ha!! hashtag joke hashtag puns
rt username because im 17, compose my own beats. lyrically im dope enough to assfuck the dude who made nicotine
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hashtag feelnoshame
starvation with a side of adderall
ivy league news: effexor xr withdrawal symtums: enough to engage through cialis egyptian pulse. flow in the specialists at cornell un...
username username taking lyrica nothing bad yet
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hashtag antibiotics
username if it helps i know pregabalin is good for anxiety, escitalopram is good and good old citalopram worked for me.
pt presents w sle flare. rx’d pred and inc dmard. pt goes to pharmacy and they give her zostavax and say no rheum drugs for 1 month.
username ive been taking nexium since i was 3 months and omg those are life savers lol
kamagra comes in different forms and dosages – pills, jelly, different contain of active element – sildenafil citrate hyperlink
the lunesta didnt even work
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
hashtag ens2013: prof comi presents hashtag msresearch poster on safety of switching from tysabri to username username
my mom: lyrica i love that pic u posted on ig , take another one too a prettier one... me : ummm mom thanks tired face face with tears of joy smirking face lol
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
vyvanse and seroquel hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
when i'm angry i craft, clean, or organize... remember the trazodone and bed i mentioned earlier? yeah i'm crafting now...
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
i watched the whole of star wars wishing i could lend darth vader my ventolin inhaler hashtag starwars
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
username username she strained throughout her first album. i wanted to fedex the bitch a throat lozenge.
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
i took lunesta earlier and you have no idea how hard i'm trying to stay awake just to get a picture we might not get.
username albuterol ventolin boys
username im so happy for you, as for the nerve damage can u take, lyrica or topamax? the reason i ask is because i dealw/severe nervedam
mmm, lunesta is calling. good night, friends. see you at 11 am central.
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hashtag help hashtag spoonie hashtag spoonieproblems hashtag ra
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hashtag humira is horrible tired face
username username look at the speed going up the hills ;-) ventolin was my friend today!!
username username username is that just spiriva or any lama? some pts not on spriva - cant tolerate - do you make exception?
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
this imodium saved me.
wasn't enough adderall in the world to save them rt username harvard caved under the pressure
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
username trying to wrap up a playthrough of this when i get home tonight. i'm stuck in the long haul that is maridia
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
the hashtag roadtorama is paved with adderall
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
busy day with palative nurse and doc. sleep time. username got a tale for you re my morphine and temazepam later
username oh, i pre game it in that regard. imodium does the trick. ;)
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
have any of my followers tried nuvaring dm me
okay gabapentin let's see what you've got. hashtag zzzzz
dr. rodan: avoid sedation during cat exam by having clients give 100mg gabapentin 90 min before appt (mix in food). hashtag thecvc hashtag veterinary
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
so i woke up early, and i'm like, omg it's a whole day to romp around in. i'm feeling exuberant now that the prozac has kicked in.
username pristiq sucks. and is way too expensive. i can't afford to be on it. stopped taking it but docs won't put me on anything else.
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hashtag baddrugs by hashtag pharma smdh!
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
fuck me i g0t a right sh0ck when i saw my vide0's, 1 weird fucker i00kin biankiy drugged 0n adderaii n temazipam at me,shudders
username definitely! i failed enbrel humira, but this does help me.
neurologist put me on viibryd in an attempt to suppress my rem sleep and crush my vivid dreams that leave me unrested.
victoza isn't for weight loss? then why the fuck would i want it? i don't even care what it's supposed to be used for, just cut my belly fat
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
username what is the best for anixity effexor or pristiq? thanks doctor.
*sighs* should i solo? or be on my meridia account?
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
must need a hashtag doctorwho fix. the music from this humira commercial reminds me of the music from the episode the idiot's lantern.
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
oh how i love you nebulized albuterol aka 2.5 mg in 3 cc of normal saline. hashtag assistedmed
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
wondering where i'm at cause this ain't me oh and the suboxone i'm taking where did that just go?
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
username i will get you some imodium plus mate.
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
and then she thinks she can tell me that i maybe i should increase or decrease my advair usage
username he overdosded on trazodone (anti depression pills) the standard dosage was 1 he took 8...
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
username zorvolex is manufactured using the submicron dynamic release technology. which makes diclofenac 20% smaller in size (2)
username there are mdma users that has no effect from mdma because of abuse, and trade gabapentin and pregabalin for money. a few, but...
username cymbalta can help man with Chinese cap heart with arrow red heart
anyone change from tysabri to aubagio ? how do you find it ?
username lunesta is trash.
does medicine like oxybutin and ditropan got the same effect and so all other examples
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
.@luchadora41 username i understand. but in 1970 women dying in back-alley abortions. do u recall thalidomide cases? things weren't great.
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hashtag diazepam hashtag baclofen
adcom votes 13-0 that efficiacy data provides substantial evidence of clinically meaningful benefit 4 spiriva respimat. hashtag fda adcom
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
username i really fear for your child... i heard your last drug test was positive for adderall
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
baclofen pump has been given to many in uk costing 8,000 pounds yet unblocking our necks costs just 500 pounds only and denied
very pleased that eylea is finally going to be made available to ppl with wet amd in wales. i raised this in fmq's last week!
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
username out my review on the fluoxetine is april 2014 so i should be ok for another year
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
don francisco winery entangles fruity leather undertones and a absurd albuterol bouquet in their 1995 semillon. hashtag الارض
hashtag cipralex was tame, but holy shit is hashtag seroquel intense, and i'm 5 ft 9, 245 lbs.! hashtag becareful hashtag taperingoff
username may want to follow those up with an imodium
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
username esomeprazole forever !
ape nk jadi lahai antara foothill gals and group face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
so im riding the trazodone pony to the land of temporary peace
username username the imodium is a given with papa johns.
longinus the vampire: redemption  free imodium with every copy 5 stars chock full of violence and sex amazon books/kindle
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
moxifloxacin is my favorite antibiotic to say. like just say it, it's fun. lolol also, i'm a nerd.
username nope, was on hashtag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hashtag humira since dec 2012. hashtag rheum
username username metformin is foundatn therapy for t2. if not tolerated, granules/sr even 500mg daily is good. ckd advice sound indeed
now drinking alcohol and i'm on fluoxetine, this should be fun
should tamiflu be used in unvaccinated daycare pop to decrease viral shedding? no data out there currently hashtag ioms2014 username
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hashtag nomoreoptions hashtag scary
username username zain u said to aisha dat go n tell humira to marry me den aisha esa told me just now on twittet
username my bd fell asleep during once but he was already tired and had taken some seroquel. lmao
username a leading academic - not pharma-led i must add - told me that s/e's of paroxetine were (in his humble opinion) over-played
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
username omg yes. it like depressing i literally need some cymbalta.
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
listening to how the thalidomide tragedy of the 1950's changed regulations of pharmaceutical testing relating to reproduction. hashtag bts
so… are these victoza commercials supposed to justify dominique wilkins' performance at all star weekend???
username doctor said to come back for nexium if i need it, hoping it fixes itself :((((;
next time i go to the doctors office or even hospital i better get a prescription for oxycodone, ventolin hfa and advair diskus 250/50
username game time or real time? i always pick up plenty of e-tanks for maridia and ridley. better to be safe than sorry.
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
haladol and trazodone time. would be a true all nighter but for probation tomorrow. yep. again.
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hashtag crohns hashtag humira
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
username probably just my shit lungs, i took a nurofen and like 8 puffs of ventolin lol
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
username here is a fun fact about the hashtag almonds, a handful of almonds gives the same effect as a dose of hashtag prozac!
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
username plenty of imodium was taken i can assure you.
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hashtag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hashtag rheum
expresso and adderall make good results... face with open mouth
username *shakes my paxil bottle and my titties* &lt;3
username lunesta or ambein?
.@pgsrn can you bring my tamiflu up here pls anxious face with sweat
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hashtag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hashtag ehraeuropace
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hashtag bcproblems
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hashtag needacigarette
username sushi special nuvaring aint helpin deez hoes
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
mother nature, it's great that you finally showed up yesterday but i gotta put my nuvaring back in tomorrow so... ? i need you gone.
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hashtag funtimes
username i respond well to weight loss, but it’s harder and harder without meds. metformin makes me so sick. paying $247 victoza now
imodium is some really solid stuff hashtag punintended
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
medications like methadone suboxone let people live productive lives while reducing the use of illegal drugs. hashtag heroinhitshome
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hashtag scottsgiving
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
i will never get a nuvaring because fixing a wedgie is hard enough in public
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
that dancing fireman from the crestor commercial is also the jackass dad from the buick commercial. i just don't know what to believe.
sure wish i was feeling this suboxone i'm taking
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
intensive perioperative treatment rosuvastatin has no beneficial effects  hashtag esccongress hyperlink
one good species conservation indian story. the ban on veterinary diclofenac is working as death of hashtag vultures is stopped. hope is not lost..
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
dear quetiapine anytime you'd like to work would be good for me
guess i start remicade this wednesday... as long as it's better than humira i am good, even if it's a 3.5 hour treatment...
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
hashtag np a greath big world- already home [next] id stat- artis male [next] d'masiv- di antara kalian [next] cher lioyd- sirens. hashtag whatsup
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
just when you think he doesn't get any lower rt username hoped that don lemon clip was a lunesta inspired joke but it was indeed real.
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
j vickery giving a birds eye view username cci seminar of username international work: instrumental in linking diclofenac to vulture declines
username it would be nice to look at carvedilol and nebivilol separately.
username ni ok lagi daripada, you're too sweet to me. i need to take metformin for my whole life! hahaha
ventolin = a reliever/emergency inhaler, and flovent = a preventor inhaler.
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
i dont give a shit anout tamiflu
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
hashtag tysabri day today!!!all good cause of the beautiful person i share the day with!love u liz!!!
stribild non-inferior to efavirenz or boosted atazanavir, and doesn't lead to more resistance when discontinued username
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hashtag venlafaxine brings me.
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
um...so super aware of my breathing today. ventolin helps. i think i just need a proper days rest.
username what are you using? it is ventolin or something with cortisone?
username i'm home. :) got home at 1:30. wrong meds for nearly 3 weeks. hope this levaquin will kick it. i'm 1 tough cookie she said. ha
username i've been on vimpat the last couple years
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
officially addicted to nicotine
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
if you take latuda for bipolar disorder, 'avoid grapefruit and grapefruit juice': hashtag dealbreaker
username pregabalin isn't a sleeper, it sorts out the neurotransmitter imbalance that causes the insomnia, a bit like an antidepressant.
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
username username cymbalta is the devil
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
username is it combination between fosamax and macrolides ;)
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
just want to find out on my 18th birthday i'm actually the princess of januvia princess
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
username this joke's prob been made before, but: nuvaring commercial, int-hipster loft: girl to guy: with this ring, i thee bed
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
i think i'm sitting next to a doctor on this plane because he keeps reading facts about diseases on his tablet rivaroxaban dosing nigga wtf
hashtag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hashtag mspals
username lunesta is amazing.
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
latuda works!!! i'm not crazy anymore!!! :):):):):):):) hashtag mountainmonsters
username i was on methadone for 3 years and suboxone for one. ive been clean from opiates for 2 years and i like to help dispel myths.
phase ii avias trial negative. not beneficial to add dutasteride to pca patients in intermittent adr username hashtag urs14
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
the japanese scandal over research using the novartis blockbuster hypertension drug diovan (valsartan) continues to widen
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
i'm off the latuda today.
you're a basic if you have to read the lyrica on the bottom during the high school musical sing-a-long-athon.
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
this time next week my stitches will be gone, my nuvaring will be in, ry will be home, and i will be hashtag prepared for battle
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
username already tried that. looks like im gonna have to take a bunch of seroquel.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
the side effects listed on that ad got me jonezn' for an 8 ball of latuda
username i'm popping this nuvaring out in october ... it's time for momma nay..
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
uh i think i just saw murphey in a nexium ad between hashtag znation ? mind. blown. username
i'm fucking tiredddddddd . might as well take my trazodone and knock the fuck out
what? rt username former ravens cheerleader and wife of ceo of exelon energy has been indicted for sexual contact with a 15 year old
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
username sounds like you need some amitiza confounded face
fda approved drugs to treat relapsing forms of ms in adults include teriflunomide and dimethyl fumarate.@marthasalas15
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
username username valsartan pushed by ins cos b/c generic version, pts forced to take mediocre meds, not best in class.
username maybe they need seroquel?
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hashtag sleepdisorderproblems
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
ooh me too! rt username hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hashtag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hashtag psychosis hashtag fail
username thanks judy!!!! feeling much better now!!! that tamiflu really works!!!! hope you are better too!!! face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss
username if you can tell me what augmentin, vibramycin, actos, fosamax, paxil and lipitor... are you have my blessing. hashtag tamuknation
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
username can't blame rick for thalidomide pal
username antara quote best yang ada kat dinding ni  if u don't build ur own dream, someone else will hire u to help build theirs
username username username username the elephant in spiriva ad is an example of exploitation. remove elephant ads!
gave both my parents their zostavax vaccine syringe
don't take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. wow.. thank you captain obvious.
tamiflu priyanka chopra it's better gather love in jeer
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
suboxone got me on cloud 53
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hashtag pleasebeworthit
username username i think it's called lozenge rock”.
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hashtag anxious
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day15
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
beware of robbie cipro. he punches girls in the head, knocks them to the ground and who knows what else. hashtag youcouldbethenextvictim
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
just caught up on ep 32 of username radio. how articulate and charismatic is username tho! very soothing! hashtag lozenge great work guys
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
oh lunesta how disappointing you were last night!
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hashtag badheadaches
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
username summer / royce / meridia
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
instant naturopaths – just add gabapentin
username i already did. i have the flu. and i'm taking tamiflu for it. but this shit has not kicked in yet i guess
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
tendons still achillin me, some hashtag rheum levaquin humor..
username i was off the cymbalta in 2 weeks
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hashtag bcproblems
username yeah, i'll try the zantac first, i'm having some issues with my medical insurance atm so nexium isn't an option unfortuntely
username it all might be due to restlessness. hashtag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hashtag trazodone hashtag withdrawls
puttin down the chew and packin a fat nicotine lozenge hashtag kickinthehabit hashtag ferthagums
wow, have you seen the victoza commercial? idk what it cures, but if it isn't doesn't give you immediate immortality, it's not worth it smh
suddenly i miss the first time i saw you at laluan antara fakulti. uihhhh.
username lunesta is pretty safe as far as drugs go. not a psychotropic like ambien.
can i just say for the umpteenth time that i hate levaquin hashtag immunedeficiency hashtag sickieproblems hashtag pidd
username what rescue inhaler do u have? oi have xopenex right now.
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
ventolin inhaler - oh, how i missed ye. the first long draw is the sweetest.,,
i can hear the commercial now... mariah carey: ask your doctor about boniva because...we belong togethaaaaaah!!!
i guess that vyvanse want a good idea i just want to sleeeeep
username seroquel? is that some new australian pan-pipe based hip-hop band? in which case, you should be off in no time!
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hashtag humira is horrible tired face
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
psa raloxifene is this really nifty drug that binds to estrogen receptors except it blocks them in breast tissue
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
hashtag dispatches i told my diabetic nurse of my concerns about victoza and its serious side effects and was fobbed off
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
username username new found respect for diageo after watching that thalidomide documentary on bbc.
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
username just need a metformin that is colon comparable.
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hashtag antibiotics
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
nexium does not cure the undead. hashtag znation
group students of umbrella dance with antara upadhyay. hyperlink
new clot preventer works as well as warfarin with less bleeding: (reuters) - the blood clot preventer eliquis, sold by pfizer inc and...
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
im starting enbrel today? can anyone give me an idea of what to expect/ how have u all felt after taking it?- tracey
two rcts with chf- plus copd-patients: tiotropium decreases and labas do not increase adverse cv events. hashtag ipcrg2014
do you think your walking symptoms have improved since starting tysabri ? how many infusions did it take before you felt better ??
rt username unfollowers hurt, cymbalta can help
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
username isnt it on the basis of one olanzapine study?
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
username lol i swear all the teachers use to be like one person you don't mess with in this school is lyrica lmao miss you boo !
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hashtag ra hashtag rheum
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
username i'm playin. just waiting for my effng trazodone to do something.
urgent message in my inbox about my fosamax prescription. i thought do i take that? or a generic? for menopausal osteoperosis huh.
username username username username username username giving little ol' grannies 75mg bd (from memory) metoprolol was silly
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
username username username i get tramadol and temazepam been on them yrs now!
xarelto may cause bleeding is not for patients with heart valves
username suddenly my requirement of sildenafil has subsided since seeing that picture.
this is the part about taking metformin that truly sucks.
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
lamotrigine was still 30-fold less that in peripheral metastases, indicative of a critical limiting role of the btb.
rumsfeld’s shares in gilead sci, inventor tamiflu soared aft he ordered $1 bil of worthless tamiflu for soldiers vs fake flu scare,bird flu
username i was on remicade for 11 years and it worked wonders!! now i'm on humira and so far so good! good luck with your mri!
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
gabapentin and pregabalin best drugs for diabetic neuropathy. (kaplan 2ck) hashtag diabetes
haven't had a nicotine fixer in a week. hashtag praisehim
username you're starting to sound like a cymbalta commercial, lighten up!
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
i love coffee because it's cheaper from prozac. hahahaha hashtag justkiddin
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
apparently for an unexpected good night's sleep, red pepper hummus and triscuit is better than lunesta and valium combined. knocked me out!
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
alkie vineyards unites satirical albuterol flavors and a cruel pickle flavor in their 1997 syrah. hashtag atlético
n/s why $ig is running but cud be cause $esrx reiterated compounding restrictions which should grow the generic diclofenac market
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hashtag careerkiller
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
that moron in the crestor ad who wears a cheerleader's outfit reminds me of repubs. and teabaggers cheering for corps.
omg i am here at one of the hospitals and there is a patient who overdosed on sildenafil (viagra), his new friend is about to be amputated.
don francisco vineyards blends pleasant albuterol flavors and a tangy kandy korn aroma in their 1993 pinot grigio. hashtag csrracing
off to the las vegas strip for dinner, have to take my ventolin because apparently people smoke everywhere
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hashtag notgood
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
depression hurts....cymbalta can help face with tears of joy
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
username username guys! you are delusional! you should seek help! risperdal or zyprexa would do the job!
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
username nexium bourbon.
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
username is that the meridia thing
i wonder when i make out with a girl do i taste like nicotine? haha
username why does canned pet food have to be so vile? i get to make my cat's food even worse by putting miralax and probiotics on it.
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hashtag diabetes
username username he also takes 1mg colodine, 1mg risperdal, 10mg paxil and 25mg trazodone
my enbrel just got approved!!!! i start the injections on wednesday. so happy i could cry. hashtag rheum
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
great to know my psych is a greedy asshole. dr. wallace townsend-parchman. i'm uninsured. shove that poison saphris up yours.
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
no nicotine! yes sativa!
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
username no it's oxycodone lol
jared leto trending sbb dia antara cast for the coming soon movie, hashtag suicidesquad .. wakaka.
username pharmacist even came up to me and said i could buy diclofenac - just use double the dose the shop bought ones come in. cheeky!
username username username username username good evidence for varenicline but not magic bullet for all hence choice good
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hashtag whygodwhy hashtag whyme
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hashtag cipro
3 cups of miralax later...that's my dinner face with tears of joy
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
username username what about use of seretide and tiotropium in copd? advised? appropriate? hashtag weph
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
oral apixaban for the treatment of acute venous thromboembolism. n engl j med 2013; 369:799-808august 29, 2013
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
current biologics for hashtag psoriatic hashtag arthritis: enbrel (injection/weekly), humira (biweekly), remicade (infusion) simponi (monthly) hashtag psotx
i have a cup of miralax dissolved into water and my vap pen on hand. i'm going out the door to work now.
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
username they need a nuvaring instead of an engagement ring winking face with tongue jk i wish i was married had a baby but the joke opportunity was there
saxagliptin in t2dm+ckd similar w overall savor results- saxa neither incr or decr cv death/mi/ischemic stroke w similar inc risk of hf hosp
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hashtag endometriosis
username levaquin should be a drug of last resort. hope you are feeling better
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
keep that metformin and lisinopril
popped some trazodone fam bout to be knocked out hurray
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
username nexium
decent ga undandi ante spprt cheyatam ledu antara lolzx funny and pity on him face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hashtag vyvanse hashtag daytimesleep
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
username username oh shit i have a blue inhailer a purple inhailer and spiriva smoked for 50 years worked in bad places too
i have been on olanzapine so long i have forgotten what it was like to be my normal self without forced drugging!
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
i like the feeling that oxycodone pills gives me
based on these callers, mrs. zierlein needs to stuff username 's stocking with some adderall to keep up with all his kids.
username levofloxacin and vitamin c works! prayers too !
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username username
my patient taught me today memo . gabapentin causes eye symptoms in some patients - conjunctivitis in 1%, blurred vision in 3-4%.
username i'm mostly able to manage the pain without having to take m/any prescription drugs - today was a bad baclofen codeine day
today's wake up brought to you by flogging molly, rocket fuel coffee, jps tobacco and venlafaxine hydrochloride. huzzah! hashtag friday
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hashtag quetiapine
i think you need cymbalta
username i love the pink urinal lozenge lol
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
the medical experts tell us that ebola will never mutate to an airborne strain. these are the same people who prescribed vioxx
...to humanity of course. no mention of doing same to nicotine gum, lozenges, or crappy inhalers. or banning fags that harm us everyone...
username username hashtag gingerhammer 6 games for dui and oxycontin 4 games for amphetamines 2 games for beating a woman unconscious hashtag nfl
finding my nexium was the best thing to happen to me in a long time!! raising hands won't god do it lol
username sounds good and i'm sure loperamide will be your best friend :p
the stress of everything, on top of this presentation, makes me miss my nexium
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hashtag tmi hashtag fml
i had a crazy,amazing,lazy day like enya now i can't sleep. i need some lunesta so i can gently fall asleep on the wings of lunesta.
username my doctor gave me miralax
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hashtag lamictal hashtag bipolar
username do you need some imodium ad? i can rush out and grab you some.
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
username my house has been getting adderall deep cleaned for two days now. i'm scared.
watching my nana suffer from the effects from this boniva shot, is torture to my soul. so many stories out there hashtag poison
i keep seeing a commercial for this medication called januvia and all i can think about is the genovia national anthem.
really enjoyed the panel yesterday at the exelon innovation expo. thanks username , username username
no seroquel= no sleep :,( damn i got saturday school at 9. might as well just get some coffee...
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
stephenson's schizophrenia seems to be showing up again. get that kid his seroquel already
dj that type of nigga to drink two beer, and get more fucked up than he would on suboxone
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hashtag abilify. suits me well.
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hashtag newmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
so, ya know, let's overcharge, they have no choice. a few years ago, my doc found a way around it to give me a ventolin inhaler.
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
who is the guy in the eliquis commercial talking to? his wife is in the room but he is not looking at her or into the camera.
username username take your miralax ass somewhere else hun!!!
novo, based in bagsvaerd, expects to complete the two remaining late-stage trials for victoza used as an obesity medicine by mid-2013
username try aciphex it works great ! it helps within in a few minutes
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hashtag nomoreoptions hashtag scary
username [by the time he had spoken, the injection had been given. she had a dose of temazepam ready for him] you want to be in pain?
but wait username now protocall for cbc but not b/p username its arenesp
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
username i need some crestor
username username well,they are now acknowledging that this was primarily caused by enbrel w/the diabetes just complicating matters
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
lol i'm pretty sure just the side effects on the cymbalta commercial goes on for 5 minutes.. hashtag wow hashtag ridiculous
do pinworms taste better with gum? is wheelbarrow imodium ad raw? is sylvester stallone my personal basketball player?
omg. the tv spot for the country house syncs up perfectly with the audio from blythe danner's prolia commercial.
so the doc said that celecoxib suppose to stop the pain but too bad it was not.
$mnkd sfi sold exubera to pfizer. knew the limitations. saw the $2b+ loss. yet still continues to invest in afrezza.
latuda is a bad name for a drug, if you know spanish.
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
hashtag drunk hashtag addict hashtag weed opiates dont affect me but...: i've taken vicodin (30 mg at once) and oxycodone (40 mg at once... call 888-656-0067
ranbaxy diovan generic us mkt share at 32%, management says novartis holding on to share with deep discounts
i asked my friend if she had anything for period cramps and she gives me an oxycodone
tried them didn't work. got pregabalin they don't either. hashtag pillswappingstories. ha ha username username username
landrieu says she met recently with southern co., exelon execs in atlanta to discuss advanced coal tech
username and here i am handing out haldol and geodon like it's candy
js: obs study used patients enrolled in health plan, matched tegaserod initiators non-initiators. at the time, no alternative drug for ibs
rt username cipro/cipc has been lying for the past 5 years or more username username username username username
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
username hashtag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hashtag geodon
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
username ibrufen is brufen that isnt working with me idk y how abt celecoxib can i take that after 8 tabs of paracetamol with omepeazole?
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
username i am now on olanzapine and my prolactin levels were checked and the level was withiin normal levels
so glad i'm off hashtag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hashtag tip please be carefull w/ taking hashtag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hashtag venlafaxine
nexium solves most problems in this house.
bmy_$44.58_azn_$48.28_bmy and azn announce top line results of phase 4 savor-timi-53 clinical trial of onglyza
username that's most likely because people have heard of methadone but have no idea what suboxone is. username username
username username username username username amazing how varenicline is continually overlooked.
username take imodium before drinking so your tummy doesn't get upset
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
username thanks thats good to know. i was thinking of drugs like ivabradine rivoroxaban for acs
*watching news* losing a symbol doesn't mean to graphics cymbalta 'depression hurts cymbalta can help' that poor kid. good save though
whe youre struggling to breathe is a great time to discover you're out of ventolin (mostly cough based/blocked nose not actual lungs)
username probably deals miralax
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
username suboxone very cost prohibitive here, sadly. it also isn't always most suitable option for high dose/tolerance methadone patients.
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day9
downing street has denied that the prime ministers daily dose of imodium has risen by 1000 per cent as the rochester groom vote draws nigh
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
i know for a fact that alcohol does not deplete the seroquel levels in your blood, yet here we are
username apparently it's very similar to tysabri but slightly better. were getting there ! :)
first day back to normal and the buses have made a new record and become even crapier. so much for becomin more effient and cheaper.
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
username i see. when we were working on our story, one eye doc told me he used injection eye drug for both eylea and avastin. ugggh.
does a thalidomide documentary count as chemistry revision???
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
my cousin latuda needs to fucking stop jizzing all over my kitchen i mean i don't want to have any yo babes i mean damn
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
always a great night when the patients want their geodon in im form...
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day9
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
underwear drew looking younger boss the glue strip. control sign, watches movies at a bad temper crestor teeth dog poo angelina jolie
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
rimonabant has the exact opposite effects of thc -- such as suppressed appetite and better memory. where can i get this ?
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
username we certainly do need to stick together, we've got a great online community here! and i'm on weekly enbrel also, has helped alot
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hashtag arthritisprobs
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hashtag clinicaltrials hashtag alltrials
username that did confuse me but i assumed they mentioned tiotropium later on and there was something else wrong.
username username ...there was no effect of varenicline on smoking behavior. works for drinking, not so much for smoking eh?
saya antara detention class of 2012
username yeah it's expensive af. i might as well be a drug addict for all the money i waste on nexium lol
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
username username username username that trial they used very large doses of metoprolol and ran into problems with cardiogenic shock
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
depressions hurts. cymbalta can help. where's my cymbalta?
username username hahahaah naw i got nexium lol
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
username username miralax is a miracle worker. i love the stuff. it's great for constipated old pill popping faggots like myself.
somebody get some imodium out to the k. the royals have got a serious case of the runs!!!! hashtag worldseries hashtag takethecrown
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
username that is because it's all about the januvia and the metoprolol these days for that audience.
well paxil, skittles and cigarettes.
username its the nicotine leaving your body:d
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
username biological treatment like remicade infusion or humira injection for severe cases
where the hell is my girl latuda at? lol. oh there you are. lol.
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
username get the diclofenac in! works wonders for me.
i really wanna try rimonabant smirking face smiling face with heart-eyes
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
username i actually don't bc miralax
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hashtag trazodone pill
november focuses on diabetes and health. did you know if you are on metformin you can have decreased levels of b12?
trying to quit cigarettes is like being on a suboxone taper, it's most likely not going to work out.
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
if your dick explodes and your eyes fall out, stop taking spiriva and call your doctor.
hashtag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
fuck pristiq it's the worst thing to ever happen to me
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
my crestor prescription doesn't photograph as well as my mac 'n cheese hyperlink
rt username tysabri increases the risk of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (pml), which can be fatal.
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
username username vyvanse - gettin' shit done since 2000 bc hyperlink
lol super no serius macam sildenafil funtion dye (if u know what i meant) hyperlink
rt username mt username username study deems hashtag liraglutide insulin degludec combo safe effective for hashtag diabetes htt…
username = my adderall speak-no-evil monkey
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hashtag seroxat hashtag sertraline hashtag fluoxitine hashtag lithium
let's hope this oxycodone helps..
username haha dangg candy never gets old! ;) unless your at username 's house with nicotine m&amp;ms
username yeah it does he has to have miralax everyday so it keeps him regular. cause if he does get constipated he would need surgery.
username if this doesn't work, i'm trying the lamictal next.
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
username username username username i'm on pregabalin and paroxetine. are you not getting on with your meds?
username i was on that, coumadin 1150 of heparin in the hosp, i'm but xarelto and aspirin but if the pain in my lung this morning
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
i'm in desperate need of a throat lozenge.
username have restarted metformin with gfr &lt;30 a number of times-500mg daily works well. off patent so less comp impetus to tinker.
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
username my dad's havanese is in love with chopper the cutie from the cymbalta and travelers' ads she barks, sits up and nudges the tv
probably just accident, but spiriva cop-d ad during hashtag ericgarner coverage? the 600lb elephant in the room?
username ah no, where abouts? depends what strength your naproxen is? diclofenac perhaps? you taking naproxen and codeine together?
wonder if username knows 1/4 of claimed $580mil saving would be from atorvastatin that will take another 45 per cent cut on 1 oct?.
i believe researchers studying alternative treatments have not studied peppermint in lozenge form. i believe it would be proved to work
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
the fda has approved a new indication for apixaban (eliquis), the anticoagulant drug manufactured by bristol-myers squibb and pfizer
username username username ride/run/cuppa/pint/lozenge... will do! thanks guys.
my parents snore so bad. sharing a hotel room with them is going to be the death of my. i need my trazodone
meridia already knew wassup tho frm wen we had class together lol
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
patient asks whether revlimid and velcade hinder harvest of stem cells for a possible second stem cell transplant hashtag mcinvancouver
username my regime is totally working, but i had to go through light oral first to clear up, then oral and biologic enbrel 6 yrs clear!
please stop smoking. try going to sauna for 3 days row and feel the nicotine flow out of your body
ah the sting of the hashtag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitisq hashtag ouch
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
tbh username antara crew paling berjaya dalam razak films...thanks tlg aku thru thick and thin..
okay let's give this trazodone a try. ill keep you postedbgbuukdmfb?.&amp;-
how cn u gv sum1 who's simply havn trouble sleeping a drug that is as potently psychoactive and neuro-altering as paxil! lyk, wtf! really?
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
username username username it's this temazepam
if anybody tries to fuck up my thanksgiving, i'm putting miralax in their drink idc
antara betah and gk betah. huft. you must strong mel. you can do it. fighting!!!!!!!
i take vyvanse and continuously listen to vocal trance mixes
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
username reardon, galvin, page, et al. must be running to the toilet all week. they know they are knackered. try imodium lucazade
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
username diclofenac is what i had, it's a god send.
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
username can you look into why it's gotten so bad in this area re outages? is exelon not putting $ into infrastructure?
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
lol they talk about xanax colonopin and trazodone...
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hashtag talkintoons !
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
i can't wait until i get off of paxil because that's what is probably making my face break out.
some over-the-counter bee-pollen weight loss products may contain sibutramine and/or phenolphthalein and other harmful ingredients.
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
vyvanse saves me. i have work at 7 every morning and stay on twitter tooo late !
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
username going on a short course of prendisone which is never fun, but its not anything new! i would take humira over prendisone any day
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
my google search for nuvaring took me to the wikipedia entry for sorbet
give and take antara customers dan companies. cari win-win situation. baru cenggini ha thumbs up  thumbs up  thumbs up
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
i can't handle anything right now i'm so emotionally unstable i need fluoxetine asap
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
sitagliptin with metformin hyperlink
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
username u.s. fda approves invokana trade mark
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hashtag health2con
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
identification and characterization of stress degradants of lacosamide by lc–ms an hyperlink
username ha. just got that new shyt flovent and albueteral don't be comin at me
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
latuda - la too da . how tf do they make up these dumbass names for these medicines ?
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
username , username looks like tswift, lorde, meridia combined in the dress she bought for you. hashtag hopeyoureready
username but low-dose advair is tolerable and prevents you from having to resort to rescue inhaler. remember, albuterol today
gave a patient 200 mg of metoprolol po tonight. she gets it bid. hr in 70s and bp in 150/70 range. flushed face flushed face flushed face flushed face flushed face wonder what else they tried?!
username {runs up to nazir with a newsman fedora while tommy ten-tons holds a boom mic} hi! is it true meridia and sanguine broke up?
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
whilst in the us can't get over how many tv adverts there are for meds, including apixaban, pradaxa etc hope we never end up like this hashtag nhs
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
username he needs to make sure she took her boniva so she doesn't break any bones.
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hashtag paroxetine hashtag anxiety hashtag fedup
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
gonzales vineyards brings together delicate wheat midtones and a freak-nasty albuterol aroma in their 2005 syrah. hashtag nokia
oh finals week, when i tried to ask for advil or tylenol but accidentally put the two words together and asked for adderall out loud. lol
username username username my nuvaring never failed me
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
i wanna stay up all night but i dont have the necessary supplies for that aka vyvanse or focalin
username username beaumont but they test for nicotine.
deutsche bank cuts $eln share price target as $biib's tysabri sales miss consensus by 17%. harder still to find a buyer to beat royalty.
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hashtag vyvanse hashtag add hashtag damn
username username has decided that i should not take paxil or strattera after years without depression who knows what will happen
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
the exorcist was 1/100 as scary as the side effects i just heard for a medicine called latuda
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
lexfire is transporting an assailant who says he is oding on suboxone via ems, victim is coming by pov. assault occurred on tates creek rd.
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
username understood anyone that hangsout w my sister would be as big of an asshole as she is i dont diet on adderall fuck all of uu bye
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
exelon acknowledges commission granted pumc in 2 prior pepco rate cases.
$pbyi better do the right thing and give those mice some loperamide ahead of the new tox studies
username even w the best care a patient can die from avandia, vioxx, get kidney failure from cipro or commit suicide on new antidepressants
it is about time that recognition and compensation for the injustice of thalidamide is paid in full !!!!!!
getting cleared for surgery, dentist then tysabri infusion ? i need to go between today tomorrow hashtag longday hashtag msproblems
merck agrees to proposed $27.7 million settlement over fosamax lawsuits hashtag healthnews
if you were me would you take a vyvanse right now so you could clean your room and remain alert when you go out tonight?
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hashtag iwillwin
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
holy shit too much hydrocodone and trazodone whoa
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
username username sorry to hear it's not working for you. which one is that may i ask? i've been on remicade am on humira
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hashtag metformin hashtag period hashtag pcos hashtag cramps
username imodium tablets. always take them on a trip. helps if you get the 'runs' :) hope you're feeling better!
antara aadc, axiata cup, malam paa, and liar liar. satnite surely gna be tough!! lol hyperlink
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
username gd luck!! ask abt gabapentin baclofen i use 2 quiet my screaming nerves 2 bomg hits gd sative wrks wndrs!wht hppnd?
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
i’ve seen tinkerbell before, i think. lunesta commercials? hashtag peterpanlive
pregabalin (lyrica) plus weed is a real good combo. i've been so nice to people
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
username if hashtag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
someone give that james a throat lozenge.....he sounds like villas boad
username  praying daily for a cure! please let me know brother! aubagio is what i'm on now! wonderful. no shots in 2 months! new man
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hashtag needanorthopod hashtag neverthoughtidsaythat
coda: if letty looks like her mom and maji looks like his dad, then who does lunesta look like, her uncle?! me: what, chip?! no!
seroquel makes me wanna eat so much
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
username i love my trazodone. like my lifesaver.
username lunesta is a terrible drug.
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hashtag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hashtag suicidal ..only just
can't breathe properly and i can't find my frrakin ventolin ..
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hashtag adhd
lol i can't believe someone brought up seroquel last night...
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hashtag txfreestyle hashtag barrdout
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
thur username username most effective [flu] drugs are tamiflu relenza. tamiflu = genentech/roche relenza = gsk hashtag shill
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
making an audiobook is a lot more work than i thought.... i need a throat lozenge... 8(
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hashtag trazodone hashtag withdrawls
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hashtag antidepressants
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.maybe thats why i allergic
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
eps estimates for exelon improved in last month
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hashtag humira hashtag rheum
username username try the nexium. prilosec never did anything for me. nexium works great.
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
wishing i could be spending this vyvanse on something productive like crafts or working out instead of a slow day at work. hashtag ugh
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
username (2) maximizing revenue for overall exelon fleet
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
enbrel liver grind the gong show
rt username astrazeneca/bms's onglyza safe but no better than placebo for cardiovascular outcomes, savor results out hyperlink
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
rt username sleep is for people who don't have anymore vyvanse.
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
.@aidshealthcare for starters, truvada is a two-drug pill, but caprisa and voice tested tenofovir gels.
for all you hashtag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hashtag fuckoff
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
sometimes lack of sleep works like ambien, but sometimes it works like adderall.   today it works like adderall
username username same as exubera ... it was approved
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
$tkpyy  maybe,takeda made mass media attack novartis valsartan, in order to raise sales for azilsartan in japan.
rt username vyvanse and adderall should be advertised and sold as a pill for cleaning.
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
a boost for rivaroxaban and co username
denosumab or biphosphonates for painful bone metastases
username username advair
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
just sucked on a nicotine lozenge thinking it was a cough drop
username fluoxetine! two faces, one asleep with whispy white hair, the other a jittery brunette.
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
i want lozenge :')
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
tbh azrol antara yang paling h
username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i listen to it
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
username it flushes the levothyroxine out of your system too quickly. there's a few foods you're supposed to avoid for that reason
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
on 175mg of lamictal. it is a slow trip to my goal of 400mg and my seizures are frequent, but i have faith in this drug. 5th drug so far
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
asenapine tastes like candy corn and broccoli flushed face
username maybe their creativity was d outcome of nicotine + blood; i don't support smoking but smoking kills creativity is just a hoax
username username symbicort rescue inhaler are life
recommend you watch thalidomide on bbc2 now: showing people who stood up to one big business and the greed and horror it perpetrated.
username username double up on the crestor
the other day i told rami about the new subs in my car he started foaming at the mouth thinking i had reup'd the suboxone script
victoza volunteered as tribute to shovel the snow for my mom face with tears of joy face with tears of joy mariefiero username username username hyperlink
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
effient swagger licios kenya g, she no want ferari hyperlink
ask ur rheumatologist if enbrel is right for u
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
username username my doctor gave me ativan to get on the plane and lunesta to sleep thru it
username i have run out of lyrica and my downstairs clinic is closed on sundays. help.
the best advertising for boniva ever. hashtag sallyfield hashtag oscar hashtag getitgurl
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
lady asked how temazepam works. so i smashed her over the head with a measuring cylinder. 'but not this quick' i said when she came round.
username username compare ventolin with benadryl. you'll forget mucinex after testing benadryl. much potent suppressant.
kaul advocates for dabigatran as the noac with the most robust data, rivaroxaban as the one with the best marketing team.
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
nhs walk-in centre: antibiotics + ventolin needed. :(
username what u takin xanax unprescribed face with tears of joy or geodon face with tears of joy u need geodon lol
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
xanax, flomax, lamictal, risperdal, and melatonin = my nightcap.
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
username paxil is right up there with joey and daniel.
asin am i dreaming username thalidomide? am i dreaming? rt username username is thalidomide finding its way back???
username sibutramine for slimming (usu. mixed in slimming products), dexamethasone to reduce inflammatory pain.
ciprofloxacin 0.3 /dexamethasone 0.1 otic suspension: they also work by lowering triglycerides but may result in side effects such as liver…
username excellent. let's do this. will take imodium so there are no embarrassing accidents! thumbs up face with tears of joy
do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza or any of victoza's ingredients. oh okay!
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
suboxone clinic just advertised on tv. prepare for carnage pharmers
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
username i got imodium on intravenous drip mate unamused face have to do better than that of you want to be my 15th giftee
username yeouch. at the seroquel. i can't tolerate it, hypersensitive to most meds..
username - maybe if i took an adderall and focused on the singing i would have a shot.. other wise sinning at church hashtag damn
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hashtag suffering hashtag reality
interesting hashtag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hashtag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hashtag rheum
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
username chippy just had trapped nerve in left shoulder, bloody annoying.. gabapentin tablets do the trick mate. get well soon.
i keep sending funny pics to antara and ari and they aren't saying anything :/
username why end it? lobbying almost got vioxx as an over the counter med! until they could not stop hiding the deadly side effects
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
vioxx spirit pile into after that caress faqs: .ypa
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
gone call today and see if he can atleast give me a stronger dose of advair .. cause i ain't fucking w them prednisones
retweet if imodium has ever saved your life.
where the sildenafil
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
username thank you ivy! i just remember i have to take my prozac and refill my pill box &gt;.&lt; good lucky today though!:) hashtag votemcgurran
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
swear my adderall makes me focus on anything but my homework hashtag help
hashtag bbc audio: effects of thalidomide 'were horrific': david mason discusses the effects of the drug thalidomide, prescrib...  hashtag yaysiteamo..
we picked up the advair prescription tonight. it was $75 for a monthly supply with our insurance. ick. :(
username thank u. i will do that. we r considering hashtag enbrel. any experience with it?
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
username please advise if you know of levaquin toxicity/adverse reactions. i am a 4+ year sufferer and chronic pain every day=can u help
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
ask username tonic clonic. pero wala sa choices ang lamotrigine carbamazepine at phenytoin. pheno primidone and valproic. what to choose?
i have spent far to much money today and i know it, think it is time to increase the hashtag olanzapine, at least my shrink will be happy :-)
hashtag savor-timi 53 shows saxagliptin improved glycemic control decreased need for insulin and other diabetic drugs - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
jk fluoxetine is my shit
first time with heartburn for months so i checked and i have been on hashtag generic nexium again
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
azithromycin and levofloxacin use are linked with increase risk of cardiac arrhythmias and death hashtag health
we welcome denis o'brien, sr. exec. vp of username ceo, exelon utilities as the new chairman of our board hyperlink
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
i'm not sure how meridia manages dealing with that kind of attitude... *massive sigh*
i bet her stylist is lunesta
newer hashtag diabetic drugs called incretin mimetics such as byetta, januvia may increase cellular proliferation that is a risk factor for (cont…
today is no fosamax day! yay! i get back to it next week though
username hashtag myboyfriendisnotallowedto sigh in public . you tired or sad ? cymbalta can help . lmfao!!
username get a prescription for fluticasone propionate nasal spray. hashtag workswonders
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
tasmar joined buxp. hashtag paidtoclick hashtag ptc hashtag referral.
username wow.. maybe dr.s prescribing thalidomide to women in the 50's should be prosecuted for causing birth defects in those babies.
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
up all night in complete agony with hashtag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hashtag zombie
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
symbicort is out to kill nigga's with asthma. it's side affect is increased death from asthma symptoms face screaming in fear face screaming in fear wtf
username i go home til the 22nd today :( got about 300 words left but it's more disjointed than a thalidomide baby atm. need graphs too
username i can fully appreciate that. i also suffer from a food addiction. i used victoza and lost 60lbs last year.
got dx with hypothyroidism yesterday. started synthroid today. anyone else suffered through this?
hoping good things for tomorrow. i feel loads better, lyrica = bad 4 me! docs say i'm not crazy! and i'm stabilized. now back to my life!
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
username thanks! my supplier doesn't have sertraline :(. is venlafaxine bad? ;). want to keep the hypomania going -s'all that matters lol
username let me guess , blood thinner , crestor , blood pressure ! heart , vitamin e
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
today, jenner and exelon cleaned up ohio street beach as part of the adopt a beach program. hyperlink
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
speaking of mental illness, i got seroquel today. hardly slept in a week. taking a big dose at 9pm and passing out for 12 hours.
suboxone is a miracle drug if it is used properly. however, many abuse it now so they can use on the weekends. hashtag drphil hashtag enablingfamily
what the fuck the previous tenants left a nuvaring in the dishwasher...
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
most valuable lesson in my 20 years: if you chase super colon cleanse with miralax you will spend your evening doing homework on the toilet
0548414835 a frothy nacho aftertaste and intense albuterol essences are binded in the 2009 chardonnay from alkie vineyards. direction
been off tiotropium a couple of months and the ol' cough-cough-cough is creeping back... restarting tomorrow to see if it goes again.
repercutindo rt username very good background control may have influenced nonsuperiority of saxagliptin in savor -d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
watching an enbrel commercial and seriously considering calling. it's sad my joint pain has brought me to this point hashtag oldlady
username username username fun fact: thalidomide has orphan drug status for crohn's, but i still can't legally use medical cannabis
username social anxiety disorder big guy. google it, it's u to a tee! hashtag paxil
username lol tbh yang attend antara perwakilan + singaporeans
username maybe i should have her look at my brother's medical records. what's her opinion on remicade vs. humira effectiveness in uc?
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
username i hate that advair for that, she's not even suggested anything else to me :( hashtag purifyyourair ..
remember when cassie had to buy miralax because she couldn't shit?
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
atrial fibrillation guidelines: class iii (may cause harm) ➔ dabigatran, rivaroxaban, apixaban in patients with prosthetic heart valves
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
this weather should talk to its doctor about latuda today to help treat bipolar disorder
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
i think i seen meridia slapping mephala. why
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
correctional facilities in california have removed quetiapine bupropion from formularies in response to abuse by inmates. hashtag camhrounds
prozac valium.lipitor. .prilosec.crestor to name a few ..can cause enlarged male breasts
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
i'm listening to lozenge of love by - radiohead hashtag lastfm hashtag song
new, currently very limited alemtuzumab, dimethylfumarate and teriflunomide hashtag pregnancy data show no increased fetal risk hashtag msboston2014
times like these where it's almost 1 and i still have a paper to write and can't focus make me wonder if adderall would work.. but drugs person gesturing NO
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroids
username this was during the week of taking lunesta instead of ambian so i blame that
username i've felt she was the wrong person for the face of victoza from the beginning.
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
just seen this commercial for eliquis and those side effects sound worse then wat it's suppose to be helping you with
username how is the humira? the remicaide doesn't seem to be doing much
they aint my kids so i gave em all a trazodone.
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
rivaroxaban diary day 22. won't take losartan today or tomorrow. have nurse appointment for monday to get bp tested on monday morning.
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
so glad i'm off hashtag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hashtag tip please be carefull w/ taking hashtag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hashtag venlafaxine
i'm on adderall and caffeine. but i can't tell if i'm feeling the adderall or the caffeine. or both. which one oh god
username i dont get it, sex i mean. the doctors p[ut me on venlafaxin
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
who is that kid in the crestor commercial because damn.
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
just gave landon his first dose of miralax beaming face with smiling eyes
to replace the erythropoietin hormone necessary to make rbcs, hashtag pd pts receive aranesp injections qweekly in prefilled syringe hashtag nclex hashtag yorku
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hashtag tolerance hashtag fml
with the pradaxa files coming out feels like an avandia-like deja vu moment
gee, does crestor / believe nascar fans may have / high cholesterol?
januvia diarrhea potato pee hippy a kleenex. ween. you delorean paul heyman great wall. peed on luke skywalker dubstep paula abdul
antara striker lembab..safee
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
username miralax and ex lax
dr. latif: carvedilol, metoprolol succinate and bisoprolol are the appropriate beta blockers for cvd tx hashtag apcu2014 hashtag fmrevolution
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
shoulda put a nuvaring on it person tipping hand person tipping hand person tipping hand
latuda will cure your manic depressive disorder, but can reduce white blood cells.......... which can be fatal.... OK button COOL button
hey is that murphy in that nexium commercial?  hashtag finderskeepers
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
&lt;&lt;of course i wasn't. i'm fucking dead. zyprexa wasn't going to do anything for me now, was it? besides, even if by some chance i'd been --
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hashtag geodon
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hashtag socute
username rice? easy thing. will add considerable quantity of lunesta (eszopiclone) in it too. i'm still being nice.
username remember, nuclear utilities like exelon also have coal, gas, and renewables in rate structure. role ambiguity much?
just saying, they once considered thalidomide safe too. we know that it sure as hell isn't. hashtag statins
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hashtag stopnuvaring2014
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
discount pricing examples include $25 for 90 day supplies such as lipitor, plavix, effexor xr, lexapro, proscar, aricept, flomax generics.
username username interesting. it should be phased out hopefully soon as clinical trials have favoured pregabalin for efficacy.
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
took hashtag lamotrigine #11 at 0430 utc
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
at hospital tues 4 james 2nd tysabri infusion. hoping 2 meet ms nurse 2 sign letter 2 confirm that james pip q aligns with disease hashtag pip hashtag dwp
username username it will be at least 2b. exubera was like 1.5 i believe and it was a bad product.
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hashtag vyvanse
celecoxib isn't that much of a help. geez
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
ok, so every time i see the crestor commercial, i feel as though that poor guy is stuck in a teenage girl time warp or some thing
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
levothyroxine and looked like a guilty pee atomic
username i went off pristiq 2 years ago. i still get the noises when i'm tired. effector and pristiq are hardcore and awful
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
username get a throat lozenge
'efficacy and safety of donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, and memantine for the treatment of ad. a systematic review and meta-analysis'
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
username that's what i get hashtag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
username username username hashtag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
username username t take avodart i do not get up middle of night to pee anymore what a releif get it it works
username exelon coat donation keeps kids warm 190 coats 4 students username  username hyperlink
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
he might even pay for my suboxone doctor. then i don't gotta worry about being sick. but i tapered to such a low dose that subs will fuck up
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
the risk of osteonecrosis of the jaws in taiwanese osteoporotic patients treated with oral alendronate or raloxifene hyperlink | username
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
username 41 days of levaquin ordered until cultures are back with specific bacteria results. they are determined to cure infection first
username i prefer to hook up with horny grandmas on my own without the boniva ads; all i'm sayin.
these doctors made me a pill head young w/ this lupus sarcoidosis they have me on valium oxycodone fentanyl gabapentin dillaudad xanax  pensive face pensive face
username lamictal is just making the side effects of the carbatrol worse. can't wait to get off the carbatrol. haven't heard from destiny
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
username but the other adderall users all r 2 cool 4 me
vyvanse and coffee will get me through the day.
username username shows the value, qualitative outcomes cost efficiencies of copd nurse specialist not understood - not bad but sad
surprised the pharmacist with my recommendation of a dose reduction of levofloxacin in a 75 year old woman today. i'm hashtag winning y'all
username still hearing voices.? if i were you i start with seroquel 100mg bid. should minimize them voices.. hashtag psychosis hashtag bipolar..
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hashtag tolerance hashtag fml
iza...ulcers can be a bitch sometimes..rt username esomeprazole magnesium things
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
shmuckers and jiffy definitely put some form of nicotine in their peanut butter, it is just not possible to be this addicted
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
tilia tree surgeons ltd. jakefarrington treespecialist@hotmail.co.uk
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hashtag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
viagraaa? what? haha username username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
username i don't think imodium works . full stop. hashtag allegedly
username bay had to run the trial vs the original label, per ema, eylea has signif benefits if only fewer injections, saves money too
problems with avandia settlements
username good paper - cast trial for instance revealed &gt; 2x mortality compared to placebo. happens a lot, still -eg rosiglitazone
username i wish that they'd let bbc hashtag sherlock smoke more... nicotine patches aren't the same.
watching an ad for xarelto on tv....all side effects involve intense bleeding hashtag soundssafe
username that’s better. was afraid i had forgotten to take my namenda today.
username this is happening all over. i used to pay $25 co pay for advair and $20 per inhaler. now $60 for advair $50-inhaler. username
so much adderall man
better the fosamax you know than the fosamax you don't know.
still confuse , antara aiman hafeez and iqmal rosli ; sorry .
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
imagine a uranium's or thorium's reactor which you are carrying above your neck forget to spray fluticasone propionate username
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hashtag willpower
getting suboxone ads on a crossword website. what does google know about me that i don't?
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
username na quetiapine. do you know if they are any good? looked them up online, they sound shit!
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hashtag funtimes
so there's a medicine called latuda and i could have sworn they said lechuga...
oh gosh wat a day!! i hope tadalafil is over once n fr all. thank u lord fr gvng me strength. i needed it, will need it.
omggg .. thought i ran out of vyvanse but i just found my last one .. thank the lord !!! looks like ill be on a cleaning frenzy after all (;
for those who missed my saturday query? anyone on venlafaxine (in guatemala, btw)? got me some questions.
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hashtag cysticfibrosis
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
dehydrated. -.- 100caps loperamide pls? :'(
username oh salamat ma choof shar, maybe u need to see a doctor for antibiotics and diclofenac
username and not just statins. the same thing was said about tamiflu, and the same things were said after the rosiglitazone saga.
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
hashtag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
tamiflu and relenza: how effective are they?
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
username username januvia (sitagliptin) mixed with metformin(glucophage) worked like magic for my out of control diabetes.
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
dinner is served now. no pictures tho. and imma chill and let this nexium take hold before i make my plate.
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hashtag crps hashtag fml
lol rt username that once a month boniva is really working for sally field. one can barely see her hump. hashtag oscars
suboxone got me on cloud 53
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
up all night in complete agony with hashtag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hashtag zombie
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
$lly q2: the 6% y/y rise in revenue helped by cymbalta and cialis as sales rise 22% and 13% respectively. shares trading +3% pre market
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hashtag np hashtag cymbalta
username not even noon and lunesta is already sick of brandi's shit.
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
username tamiflu is not licensed to gsk...roche
username go to the dr. and get some hashtag levaquin 750mg and take it twice a day. had a sinus infection for 2 weeks and that cleared it.
this seroquel got me sleepy
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
tendons still achillin me, some hashtag rheum levaquin humor..
what happens when you put the crestor rep and the lipitor rep in the same room?
has anyone got any experience of venlafaxine they can share with me please ?
newman: now we know tamiflu does not prevent death, hospitalization, pneumonia progression hashtag acep14
anderson silva is probably going to lose his boniva endorsement now.
flat on my back mostly all day. gabapentin and skyrim. waiting for doctor to call back to schedule injections.
another month's tysabri treatment done lol nxt mths will be fun lol december 23rd lol
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
naming my first born latuda
i have metformin tummy today :-(
username i don't use biologics at the moment had a bad time on enbrel only use painkillers and diclofenic
when i was taking a full dose of hashtag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
rolling around naked in my 45 suboxone strips like its some goddamn drug porno
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
stupid commercial...every crestor commercial. just plain stupid.
florinda the 2000 cabernet sauvignon from chateau fournier blends well-hidden albuterol elements with a continental rosemary aroma. horas
i'm convinced that the crestor commercial is the absolute stupidest commercial ever made on the face of the earth. hashtag gocrestor hashtag cholesterol
it's a small world adderall
username username i had vimpat , it whas not the right med. for me , i am never agressive but when i had it, i whas ,so now other meds
developin anorexia while i'm standin next ya eating a 4 course meal watchin u starve 2 death,with an iv in ur veins feedin u liquid darvocet
username is it possible for you to put in me contact via twitter with users who are latuda users for bipolar? i am really struggling.
day 1 of trazodone. sleeping face
oh and if you are not following the insanely talented username you should be. her book prozac nation helped me so much.
would i be your littmus lozenge?
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
username to take synthroid since i no longer have a thyroid :/
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
suboxone got me fucked up.
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hashtag bewareofsatin
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hashtag crps hashtag fml
username wow are the medications suiting you? can you not opt for extavia which is every other day - or maybe your happy with this med
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
username i remember ritalin from the 80's.vyvanse must be new. username i didn't know they were stimulants like coffee though.
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
username username yeah true. i think miralax is safe but idk
presenting our meridia luminaire!  hashtag orbitilluminations hashtag lightinganddesign hashtag meridialuminaire hashtag interiorlighting hyperlink
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
as a diehard dc sports fan with two games coming up later today, am oddly excited about finding a $7 off nexium coupon in sunday's wapost...
username 31st may - 2nd june some shops will not sell nicotine in support of no nicotine day~~
hashtag eds friends! anybody taken hashtag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
username i have been pn remicade humira and now on cimzia. i have never had any bad side effects.
username username traffic is always backed-up in imodium passage.
hey pas in acute settings username username username did u know there's an app to calc dabigatran dose?
after days of fevers, i finally broke down and went to the doctor today. tamiflu and levaquin i've never been more glad to see you!
username username  going back to washington dc to rally against cipro levaquin avelox please read this card. hyperlink
nice analogy from doc today re adhd drugs: mephen like a light switch; atomoxetine like a thermostat; lisdexamfetamine like a dimmer switch.
username only 6 weeks? piker :p jk how bad is the inflammation? are you staying on humira ldn and roids too?
*rory mcilroy doesn't need to take enbrel his ass isn't soaked in sweat....... hashtag pgachampionship
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
so i did the meridia thing while a dragon was about and i also noticed that you can run away from her if you want to
username great luddite response. no tamiflu med?
pergolide cyproheptadine are treatments for pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction (equine cushings) lc #2015eq2sb
ok twitter. help needed. i've taken pregabalin and amitriptyline and pain is still there! what else can i take please??
sildenafil citrate is the real name of erectile dysfunction drugs like viagra
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroidenergy
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hashtag seroquel
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
username does atorvastatin medication cause weight loss?
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hashtag venlafaxine brings me.
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
in contrast, rems for vivus' qysmia is 100+ pages and one for thalomid is 200+ pages. chantix is 1 page.
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
username liars. my estranged hubby is one so i know that all too well, i hope i'm wrong because suboxone is bad, too.
whatever the fuck is in viibryd must be really intense for it to cause that bad a reaction in me on only 10mg
today is adjust the apixaban dose day...welcome to being 80 lmao that was good
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
did a small paper on thalidomide pill  interesting
the crestor commercials are literally so stupid
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
i slept until noon yes?terday though bc of ativan and flovent and i took that at 11 not 1:30 in the morning i....
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
username morning :-) slept finally after 630am. how was your night with quetiapine? xx
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
username loperamide 2 capsules first take and next intake 1 capsule nalang. :)
username username it's still dangerous. there's warnings on the bottles, tegretol vimpat have very bad effects.
username we had that xopenex helped for awhile.when it became chronic we got put on qvar by a pulm at children's it's gone now.
username just saw xarelto commercial. afib medication. just thought i'd pass it on. peace out...
the advair i'm using right now expired a year ago. not sure if that's safe
crestor commercial, followed by naturemade vitamins, then a cvs commercial. gosh, pharmacy overload.
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hashtag crohns
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
username username username in 2015 health ins per hashtag aca will require women taking tamoxifen or raloxifene 2 jump thru hoops.
username well i had 3 months off work at beginning of 2012 which lead to diagnosis. since then i've taken mitazipine quetiapine &gt;
username makes sense since pfizer was originally developing sildenafil nitrate to treat high blood pressure
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
username most commonly used amphetamines are adderall, strattera, vyvanse, ritalin etc. used to treat adhd which is likely what he took
username lol i don't take them. i administer them to patients. but the results of restoril differ. for some people it puts them in a
username it sucks being bipolar. i am taking geodon. it seems to work most of the time. i'm new to this. was ptsd. now bipolar too.
metformin beats other type 2 diabetes drugs for first treatment: study: researchers find this commonly used medication controls blood...
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
waitt..here it comes..the hashtag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hashtag fmlimugly
i take quetiapine daily. isn't there anything i can take only wen the mania starts? hashtag openquestion hashtag bipolar
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
username i'll add that i have been downright glacial in my adoption of the noacs as a class, so i'm certainly not a pradaxa fanboy
hashtag restlesslegs hashtag quetiapine
username i don't know why he put me on viibryd though. i mean, it helped for a little bit, but...then i seemed to get worse
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
rt username the following tweets are brought to you by seroquel trade mark
if i knew this was gonna happen i woulda paid the extra 3 pennsylvania tax dollars on marbols. i cant handle this bullshit nicotine free.
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
username hey now, hey now, this is what dreams, are made of hey there, hilary duff here to talk to you about lunesta
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
username username lol shhh adderall
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
so there is a latuda advertisement on spotify. i wonder if it's trying to say something.. you tryin to say somthin spotify?
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
ring ring. hello cowntess. zostavax vitamins sun star wars toby keith paino. you are so the sahara buffet you can samoan a last week.
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
username ok. yeah.should probably get it rescheduled. dad's been on me to get it done. doc wanted me to stay on bystolic almost out
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hashtag boo
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
username i just told my 3 kids grab the albuterol inhaler n puff puff pass til we get home 2 the nebulizer hashtag feelbettersoon hashtag symbicort
this seroquel got me sleepy
synthroid dosage upped. pleaaase let this help the oh my god i might die if i don't nap feeling i get daily. silly body.
username i’m allergic to it. i got levaquin after the pcn. weird, i thought. but it worked.
rt username aegerion pharmaceuticals receives positive european chmp opinion for lojuxta(tm) (lomitapide) to treat homozygous ...http://t…
lly_$54.08_new data showing that forteo significantly increased lumbar spine volumetric bone mineral density (vbmd) compared to risedronate
i just heard a puerto rican mom yell out to her kids byetta, januvia and victoza lets go now!
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
picking up my enbrel tomorrow or thursday! nervous but excited. hopefully the nurse will let me inject with my hand like this.
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
username great!!! my levels have improved greatly, ty for asking! sparkling heart i'm on victoza (?) now and it has really helped! plus i am continuing...
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
red bull and loperamide for breakfast hashtag examday
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
aranesp is one of the scariest things i've ever encounter for so many reasons...
username i used to get ampyra thru walgreens specialty. i think the aubagio is from caremark. irony: store at room temperature.
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hashtag boards
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
it's time for my enbrel injection. let's do this.
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hashtag sick&amp;tired
after all, pemoline wouldn't be a good choice nevertheless.
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
sildenafil works fine rt username i may have a serious weakness problem fam. sigh.
username username there better be a fucking lyrica there....
username take 1 nexium pill before you sleep. this is serious.
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
mucinex, advair y azithromycin. hashtag vivoyperreando
username + its panels. why was it so easy to be upset with meridia now? it had never been so easy before; what had anna done to her?
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hashtag shitgetsweird
i haven't taken my treatment humira
username imodium trumps all. one tablet is the equivalent of a block of cheese.
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
is it objective, that is, does it refer to apples, health and a half hours. i'm not even on any vyvanse! hashtag swag
congrats to my tysabri team! hard work! rt username we just won a silver hashtag addyaward for digital media, video! congrats team! hashtag aafnational
atomoxetine has a lecturer-dependent attending activity.
some gross old dude at a red light in a viox services truck just repeatedly gave me a 'come here' finger while i was waiting at a bus stop.
username  if only i could get enbrel for $700: hyperlink
username pretty much anything would beat imodium and rennies
username that profile pic reminds me of something.... can't put my finger on it...something about vioxx and beer and the alumni room
after like hella years i finally told my mom i needed some form birth control. but like i didn't mean the nuvaring though &gt;.&gt; fuuuuuuuuuuck.
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
hashtag reading the devil in the white city. hashtag also pretty heavily medicated. if viibryd had a neck, i'd snap it.
if johnson / cariaso goes 4 more rounds, the ufc is going to put the manufacturers of ambien and lunesta out of business hashtag ufc178
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
never freeze your nuvaring
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
username username my humira injections cost a grand a go. i inject once a week. just those alone my annual health care costs 52k!
know anyone taking nexium or prilosec? here are all the vitamins you should take with it. we have a simple solution. hyperlink
interesting that latuda is a sponsor for gh
username username username the results are in belviq twice a day had better clinical trial results than chantix.
studying when not on adderall is sorta hard for me cause i always end up playing pokemon and it takes me like a hour to finish an assignment
username he is stable. supposed to be coming home with nurses. on xarelto med. in tx. i'm in ga. 3 clots in lung. scary. thank you.
30% of wet amd eyes don't respond to eylea and may need more frequent injections than 2 months ranzcoeyedoctor#
toprol difference bystolic norvasc blood sugar toprol xl metoprolol to toprol calculator toprol pill description beta bloc
username username well you best get yo mind a nuvaring and get ova it because no
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
my sob story would depress a grown-up thalidomide baby. it annoys me and its my story.
amazing programme on bbc 2 about thalidomide people in pursuit of justice from big pharma. grunenthal not listening. diageo funding care.
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
username i'm on prevacid rx and dexilant
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
worst hangover ever today. i could only manage a can of coke and 2 imodium by 4pm hashtag hotmess
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
username this is the greatest truth. if you were prescribing methadone you could have 1500 patients... suboxone = 100! tragedy
username username can you get imodium there also?
why is imodium ad defeated? why is kim kardashian gossiping about my bran? orange roughy?
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
plus i also take 1200mg ibuprofen a day (can't have steroids, obviously) and if things go well i could add neurontin if needed. hashtag determined
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
username mom texted mark in hollywood ... i still have it in the air who ya got? hashtag smackoff hashtag lozenge hashtag siri hashtag jstew hashtag mybitchwife hashtag smackoff
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
username username that's false goodbye victoza
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
i stopped playing skyrim for a while because of meridia
the pharmacy was out of pills so i had to get the liquid tamiflu and oh nymgod that was awful
ugh i hate metformin im sick
username username username username doesn't mean worldwide thalidomide was rejected in timely manner.
oxycodone is my 1 tru luv
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
asking my doctor about eliquis tomorrow.
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
i haaaate geodon
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hashtag phantomsangre
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
why should we not use metformin in pts with renal disease? because it causes lactic acidosis hashtag usmlestep1
some sa goon's husband died after taking 2 whole bottles of imodium and all i can imagine is he died from not being able to poop lol
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
username mhmmmmm open the suboxone clinic you'll be just fine.
i need nicotine before i go into a rage.
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hashtag geodon
buprenorphine is a serious player in illicit drug underworld. dea reports is top 3 or 4 most-reported prescription narcotics confiscated
don't take prolia if you are allergic to it no fucking shit thnk u so much most informative commercial i have ever seen
on thursday hashtag fda's pulmonary-allergy drugs advisory committee will compare the safety of $bings tiotropium power with tiotropium spray hashtag copd
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hashtag quetiapine
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
i'm on my second lozenge.
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
username :-( i'm also moving to different meds, taking me off gabapentin, serious munchies on that lol giving me pregabalin instead
blowing dis gas wit darvon
someone bring me a nugget po boy with chips with an extra large lemon drop and a lunesta
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hashtag withdrawal
username username don't you take alvesco before season starts? shouldn't be so bad with damp weather x
i just need nicotine
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
username username username username username besides. most of my service users aren't allowed varenicline cos of meds/mh
the rocket-af pts had highest risk of stroke. one of reasons i use rivaroxaban over apixiban, dabigatran, warfarin for nonvalve afib hashtag im2014
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
username news update: lisa was a druggie! bought 240 hydros, 480 oxycontin, 1490 oxycodone took these working as critical care nurse
cc username rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
depression hurts . cymbalta can help .
my gp should write on the venlafaxine prescription avoid hashtag thevillage.
ugh i hate metformin im sick
username username username username will do. matt, when i was in denver. spiriva commercial constant. elephant in all. :-(
anyone on neurontin or know what it is? i just got prescribed to it.
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hashtag fuckingright
username nexium doesn't allow that to happen. thank you baby jesus
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
username doc says i'm backed up; told me to take some stool softener. will do miralax tmrw night if no change.
so it seems that if i take hashtag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hashtag day14
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
but what is vioxx though?? i guess i'll never truly need to know
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
but ferreal the next day i don't take adderall i'm quittin cigs n throwin 5 bucks in a bottle every 2 days n goin to cali with that money with wings money with wings
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
username username on humira about 8 yrs. started every other week then weekly 2 yrs ago. hate giving myself shots, but seems to work
case report myelitis and etanercept in rheumatoid arthritis (openathens for full txt) hashtag iowrheumatology hashtag rheumatoidarthritis
pt:i fell 30 feet off a tree stand while deer hunting doc:what r your daily meds? pt:xanax, neurontin and oxycontin flushed face flushed face flushed face flushed face
should be taken with food: colesevelam, fenofibrate and fish oil capsules.
username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers).
username hashtag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
whenever the apocalypse makes my stomach a feel a bit uneasy i reach for nexium 24h otc. thanks purple pill hashtag znation hyperlink
the first inhaled insulin product exubera by pfizer, 8 years ago ! hyperlink
username latuda latuda latuda latuda - ok maybe you have something there.
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
rt username drug information update - fda approves the first non-hormonal treatment (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause‏
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
ok i need adderall
for type 2 diabetes fda reviewing-saxagliptin (marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr): drug safety communication - heart failure risk
tysabri tips: rt: username username i've had 29 now all is fine. no pain, no side effects..you'll be fine. all the best x
astra says u.s. nexium antitrust case returns favourable ruling
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
ceo soriot: brilinta still faces challenges in us, especially after start of depart of justice’s investigation into trials of brilinta.
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
these tylenol 3's and paxil have saved many feelings and even a life or two. pill pill
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
in bed . vicks under my nose , two advil cold sinus in my system , 2 puffs of albuterol , 2 puffs of flovent . this is fine weary face face with tears of joy loudly crying face unamused face
username when i was in horrendous all-over pain in 2010 pregabalin worked for me, but i stopped after 6 months because of side effects.
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
username thanks - the pregabalin is helping. i hope to be a mummy with me one day too (without me would be even better! )
username lol yeah nuvaring or something. np. smiling face
username service coverage. things i’ve taken or had done that end up not covered. it’s happened before. $1900 bill for a boniva shot.
oxycontin 30/80 dill xanax 2mg dilaudid opana roxicodone adderall 30m (downtown)
these pristiq commercials are annoying
restoril is kicking in. goodnight tweeps! wuvz yawl!!
if you covered 1/4 of the head of a shirt pin with pure nicotine, then licked it off you would be dead within 60 seconds. super toxic chem.
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hashtag breastcancer but can increase hashtag hotflashes.
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hashtag ra hashtag rheum
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hashtag humira hashtag rheum
sort of nostalgic for the time in my life when i didn't know how to pronounce the word lozenge. it was a time of mystery.
the most upsetting thing about silver linings playbook, is how bradley cooper can take seroquel and still stay in shape.
username username username username username i have miralax
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
hmu if you can get adderall
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
looking forward to the taco bell app update that will also pre-order you imodium and toilet paper to pick up from walgreens on the way home
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hashtag seriouslykillmeplease
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
username hashtag nejmchat re: enalapril 20 - wouldn’t run-in period account for subjects who don’t tolerate 40 mg? why max dose valsartan used then?
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
yeah nuvaring is definitely not for me...!
username lol. at the least, it's gotta mess with sildenafil in some way.
i should get latuda for bi-polar/depression
username yaasss! they're life savers. i used to take both a while ago too, but now i'm good with just advair
enjoyed a great lunch at hashtag economicclubofwash featuring hashtag christophercrane hashtag ceoexelon exelon just bought pepco
...and yes, nicotine is a drug
melatonin, xanax, and seroquel, but yet no sleep.
oooh, pregabalin and tadalafil from username should be good earners..
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
...which sucks because i have tried every drug there is for crohns and only the remicade and humira helped me in that dept. :(
username suboxone is more likely to aid recovery, for many in england this drug is not even offered poor patient choice comp 2 scot
must ban tea because it has nicotine in it! must.
username fluoxetine its the generic stuff for prozac
username //o.o ok is it asthma? do you have ventolin near you? can you call the firemen or anyone to bring you to hospital.
pumpkin icream with lunesta sprinkles &lt;3
what's on hashtag thistv? the circuit, starring hashtag olivier hashtag gruner hashtag billy hashtag drago. i'm just w8n' 4 the hashtag seroquel hashtag temazepam 2 do its job.
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
username nicotine patches on deck
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hashtag gottakillmetosaveme :s
niche question: anyone ever taken gabapentin or pregabalin for pain? did they work, and are the side effects as awful as they look?
username want to join viox as gfx
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hashtag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
username username username levaquin should be a drug of last resort! google levaquin toxicity
it's worrying to find that so many people in the defense force being prescribe quetiapine to treat ptsd.
great start to top 5 gim talk by dr shadowitz. first up: apixaban prevents vte/death after unprovoked vte, no increase bleeds hashtag csim2013
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
remember to keep a spare ventolin in your bag for emegencies.
username i went through all the oldies, also lamictal, seroquel, abilify, zoloft, valium, and at least 20 others in my life. it's tough.
username a little drug called bystolic which is also a bp med. since i've been on that i finally feel like i can maybe get off paxil
lacosamide and eliprodil are other egs of antiepileptic nmda receptor antagonists.
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
don’t stop taking eliquis unless your dr tells you to.” this msg brought to you by eliquis and your dr* *cheque on the way dr
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hashtag breastcancer but can increase hashtag hotflashes.
username dont eat or drink anything acidic, eat almonds and bananas, take a nexium 24 hour relief, ot eat a few tums, stay away from
username i had tamiflu w hot cocoa hashtag delightful username username username username username username username
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
hashtag eacem2014 hashtag foamed hashtag megankwasniak rectal diclofenac found better than iv ketamine!
username i take nexium and it works for me.
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hashtag tmi hashtag fml
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
well i staying on my ivig infusion and now adding tysabri to the mix. two a month
ugh i hate metformin im sick
glenmark confirms patent challenge for its generic versions of vimpat in the us court
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
i've been prescribed pristiq by my psychiatrist. you know you're queer when even your anti-depressants sound fabulous.
username  that's just sent my anxiety into double tamazepam mode
too much nicotine hahaha.
username no buprenorphine shots? ;)  sounds awful, quick recovery.
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hashtag anxious
good luck to keith toriani and matt viox playing satellite starting noon vegas time today
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
thoughts from the flu, day two - tamiflu is a miracle, but i still probably won't be running the turkey trot tomorrow. hashtag happythanksgiving
username i had a woman call an md at 11 pm on xmas eve to get a pa on brilinta that was written 3 days earlier...ridiculous
vote on approval 4 username spiriva respimat now. seems like its obvious which way it will go per how hashtag fda directed them to vote.
dream rct: bortezomib in antibody mediated kidney diseases vs standard of the therapy
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
username i just got some lunesta samples from my doc, 3mg version works pretty well
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hashtag nightmare hashtag bloodbath
hashtag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hashtag ms
this hashtag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hashtag ihatemeds
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
username username you put brandy n your fruitcake? only takes a sniff of vodka and buprenorphine works a hell of a lot better ;-)
username i was thinking lunesta...lots of lunesta
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hashtag zombie
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
username how much for the lozenge magus alt art?
lunesta in hand: there are things that i take personal, like my incredible family! mama bear will come fighting to protect my loves
username username agreed, i switched to the personal nicotine vaporizer 3 years ago and never looked back.
username thankfully i get away with not needing a prescription but i have inadvertently overdosed on ventolin before. scary.
rt username dear us media: you just got rickrolled by a chinless narcissist and his army of young white doods on paxil. slick.
username my luck has run out. i have experienced a significant side-effect of pregabalin :-( hyperlink
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
nice meeting all the executives of exelon today... keep it classy fellas remember to try pork roll before you go home face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
no ventolin makes me feel better. its like a drug.
i then told her 800 times lipitor was atorvastatin and she said i don't want lipitor i want the statin right after neutral face
.@gingergeoffery i see a crestor prescription in your future. enjoy the good things either way
i judge the time in the evenings by can i get away with taking a seroquel to knock myself out yet or is it too early
parents also mentioned renaming our dog latuda
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
username i know simon i've been having the same battle 4 10years,on metformin now,keep up ur efforts though.
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
username if i'm awake sleeping face i just ate so i have to delay the lunesta a bit
ok...first day off effexor...seems ok so far...
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
username often my description of the day after my humira shot, too
midol morin cocaine adderall xanax meth and biotin. for my hair.
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hashtag selfharm
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
rt username username i know i'm already on cymbalta for depression
febuxostat is a xanthine oxidase (xo) inhibitor indicated for the chronic management of hyperuricemia in patients with gout.
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
might need lunesta if its getting worst
username dude, i had the same problem when i was on effexor. wellbutrin fixed it.
good morning all! counting down till 2pm then 3 days off! then its... sleep sleep take cat to get stitches out humira delivery more sleep!
janssen files eu marketing application for velcade (bortezomib) in mantle cell lymphoma [professional services close - up] ...
do you think dragons just need nexium really bad?
i just realized i was supposed to be taking the neurontin three times a day, not two.
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
username quick version. sildenafil inhibits phosphodiesterase. i would assume this affects the body's response to melanoma. must research.
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
hashtag tecos trial investigating hashtag cv outcomes with sitagliptin in 14,000 type 2 hashtag diabetics will complete dec 2014 - r chilton hashtag esccongress2013
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
tonight's beer pong travesty is brought to you by boniva and depends hashtag fallontonight
lmao i like this xarelto commercial where the gps tells the guy to turn left and he's like i don't think so. uh then you will get lost sir
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
username i'm pretty sure the symptoms for cymbalta are worse than being depressed” hashtag sotrue
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
username in adults, hashtag onj ( hashtag osteonecrosis of the jaw) may occur w/ bisphosphonates to slow hashtag bonemetastases. see also vs. hashtag denosumab
the city is gorgeous. two hearts 48th floor in exelon smiling face with heart-eyes  hashtag peepmyrefelction hyperlink
social media grab project fogcorn are eating pork. sit on xarelto milton bradley hmlkiqaj reddcoin aggressive
realized i lack alcohol wipes &amp;a sharps bucket to start humira tomorrow. i guess i'll improvise with bactine and...hmm. i'll find something.
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
username i don't even get that precious boniva this year
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
finally they're gonna give me my latuda gain next week. and a new docs coming. gone the days of boring tweets then
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hashtag quetiapine
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hashtag ms
fda approves paxil (paroxetine) for menopausal hot flashes. can somebody please regulate the fda?
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hashtag nap time for this girl. stupid hashtag medications hashtag paxil hashtag trazodone hashtag seroquel
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
i need just one bottle of trazodone and a few hours alone for them to take full effect. done.
it's apoligzing for fucking her nuvaring out hours.
username oohhhh. ok. why you don't just get a nuvaring ?
fascinating overview of humira from username an injectable drug in a med device for home use (as maintenance dose). patients prefer this.
selectionnormalopencloseaf9 purchase nebivolol in one month you will not participate in all activities listed but will be able to accomplish
username username or mental health, or, say, suboxone treatment in some cases. i want to say it's worked some places.
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
these kids must understand i'm not playing with them today i promise i will up their dose of seroquel weary face tired face weary face
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
ventolin time
username maridia w/o speed = ice clip and zebetite skip isn't hard
temazepam is my life saver
rt username phil mickelson from the enbrel commercials is probably the creepiest real person i've ever seen. he never blinks.
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
username antara cody sm thomas...? idk:/
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
my body already hates me for the copious amounts of adderall and lack of sleep and food it's about to endure these next few days
i seriously can not wait for thursday!!!getting my tysabri treatment!holla!
okay my vyvanse has completely worn off. time to put up the books.
4 flu shots + 1 zostavax before lunch = happy kevin! hashtag g493rocktheshot hashtag nextplease! username username username
this nigga viox got a versace shirt and really thinks it's a versace shirt.
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hashtag ibdselfie hyperlink
hashtag psicommunicatingconcepts richardson with the disappoiting results of prowess-shock xigris was withdrawn.
the elephant in the spiriva commercial is soooo cute
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hashtag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
goes well with the cipro docs rt username yes rt username jameson to say tgif hyperlink
levofloxacin and amikacin helpful in cavitatory tb
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
went to take my nexium and i took the empty bottle instead of the full one... so i'm doing to die from acid reflux this weekend
username if its got valsartan in it why didn't they compare with valsartan?
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
honey lozenge. nice
username i have some miralax in my medicine cabinet if you're having that many poo problems face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
lol screw ventolin inhalers what good do they do honestly
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
hashtag listen: non-hdl-c decreased at 3 months with rosuvastatin and atorvastatin but no differences between groups - hisao ogawa hashtag esccongress
coming off hashtag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag medication
review on miracle tonic advocate- great thalidomide notes with hint of tiger blood and definite gasoline aftertaste. mouthfeel is burning.
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
username thank you. $197 for the flovent was a killer.
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
username : any chance darvocet will come back on the market ?
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
sun. eve hashtag rhony guilty-pleasure-catch up...wonder if username doc told her to rinse after ea. advair inhalation to prevent thrush.
username no, you def can't have both. trazodone had no effect on me at all. nothing has worked for me except good ol' ambien.
username i understand your point and true in most cases. gabapentin did not relieve my pain and ultracet was also combined. frustrated
does anyone else find that when you're on hashtag add meds, finding the perfect adjective is so incredibly satisfying? hashtag vyvanse hashtag adhd hashtag missadd
ouch. bad stomach, golf game in 4 hours. i'll take my chances but going to bring imodium tablets toilet paper, lots of toilet paper.
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
(reuters) - exelon corp said it would buy pepco holdings inc for $6
the name of the antidepressant latuda alone should make you happier. hahahah sounds funny. la-toot-ah
hashtag foamed practical approach to cholesterol guidelines: what is a high intensity statin? atorvastatin 40 -80 mg or rosuvastatin 20-40 mg daily
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hashtag seroxat hashtag sertraline hashtag fluoxitine hashtag lithium
is it bad to take adderall on an empty stomach? asking for a friend
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
i took my vyvanse today and now i feel like i could run a marathon woo
username username oh i'm on sertraline and trazodone
username hi antara i m very big fan for 4 plz add me
i wish vyvanse was like a switch that i could turn on and off.
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
somebody really made a twitter for adderall face with tears of joy skull
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
username quetiapine, vicodin, and promethazine for sell hmu lmao !” of you don't give me that promo
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
take adderall so you don't feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall pill
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hashtag ms
my kingdom for a denosumab
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
username it will miss beats on effexor so forget about that. mine did loads you'll find a level that's best for you. you just won't care :)
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
username yay asenapine i love trying to get patients not to take water for 15mins after taking a tablet.....
username ....went through a hell of a lot of different meds to find the combo i'm on now. i personally rate venlafaxine as an anti-d and
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
back pain and advil knocked me out, whereas heavy drugs like darvocet and sleep inducing drugs like benedryl don't even make me tired.
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
definition of depression - you were just invited to your 30th high school reunion. where's my prozac?
username adderall had you yelling at the people not paying attention haha
username change your name to tazmar
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
prozac is a stubborn twat
the most extensively used nsaid in treatment of familial adenomatous polyposis (fap) is sulindac and celecoxib
zoloft&amp;paxil&amp;buspar&amp;xanex, depacon,chronaphin,ambian,prozac, ativan calms me when i see the bills, these are a few or my favorite pills.....
username username humira is next in line… going for remicade tomorrow, plan on talking to nurse before i see gastro in november
rt username username username his parents are dead, and he's given gotham everything.” patient: bruce wayne. 1 sativa lozenge.…
i'm out of lunesta so it's the only sleep remedy i have &lt;/333
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
multiple recent supplement recalls for hidden pharmaceuticals, including sildenafil username username
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
join us today at 5pm for the joint nsbe, shpe swe exelon meeting in seo 1000! food and drinks will be provided! see you there!
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
this dude really stayed up for like 3 days striaght and takin adderall last semester
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
levofloxacin... the true meaning of antibiotic ! &lt;3
day 1- first dose of metformin taken. not feeling sick yet.
username meridia this moment, she was glad she was spending this time with her sister, just like she'd wished.} []
username right now i can't tell if i'm wide awake or exhausted. day 1 of cutting viibryd in half is almost complete.
not gonna lie if i had a supply of adderall i would end up using it on things like getting out of bed and doing my laundry
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
running on 2 dayquil, 1 cup of oj, 2 cups of coffee and a halls lozenge. it's not even 10:30. futile attempts to keep my body going.
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
is that a nuvaring on your foot? username username username
username fly on the wings of lunesta
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hashtag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hashtag rheum
just remember, if you have physical pain take oxycontin. if you have mental issues like ptsd take prozac that may make you kill your family.
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hashtag ibdfmlmoments hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag uc
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
starving. .. thanks saphris
may increase dose of febuxostat after 2 weeks if a laboratory test shows that still have too much uric acid in blood.
who wants 2 buy nicotine lozenges frum me!! all the high of a cigarette without the smoke!!!!!
whatever works. right?! username username crush some imodium up get him to snort a line. go on steve!”
username my 14yr old daughter had acute asthma attack in night.had to use ventolin +++. needed emergency symbicort,sol oral pred and
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hashtag usmlestep1
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
bortezomib is getting a lot of attention at the meeting!
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hashtag wtf
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
username i see my neuro on friday and i am going to talk about stopping tecfidera and getting onto tysabri
username no joke!  hashtag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hashtag tecfidera :)
you're not going to find a pigmy on paxil hashtag ellendegeneres hashtag hereandnow
username username shouldn't you be doing an activia or boniva commercial?
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” ya heard? !!!!!
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
i forgot to take my nexium last night. major heartburn rn :/
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
username username username username username username my doc called in darvocet i never even went in. he said not
if osteoporosis leads to depression then why does sally field look like she has a hanger in her mouth in boniva commercials efff youuu rucon
username with all the gardasil lawsuits, this is now a legal and not medical issue. the vioxx story evolved in a similar fashion.
username username it's almost as if all that varenicline cash filtering through is making tobacco controllers more aggressive.
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
ricky gervais george washington just farted dexter giveaway monty haul you farted huh? we barf leveled my friend. my friend fresh zostavax
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hashtag needanorthopod hashtag neverthoughtidsaythat
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
pain clinic to discuss meds running late. any new meds i should ask about? i am on pregabalin that takes the edge if the pain
prediction: in the us there will be massive tamiflu shortages and soon, even if you never had the shot, my strong fucking advice:get one
adult rheumatic disease biologics include infliximab, etanercept and golimumab - nicholls
username i was on advair but my insurance stopped covering it so now i'm on symbacort(?) and it sucks! i will try the eucalypts!! thanks!
username username good to meet you today and hear your ideas and support for thalidomide survivors username art exhibition.
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
username viooz or vioox something like that beaming face with smiling eyes
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
study of blood clot drug pradaxa unnerved its maker, documents suggest
username i've been quite disappointed by the cochrane says tamiflu is crap responses i've had. i can just imagine the i read a papers
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
username the active ingredient in the over the counter meds here is loperamide hydrochloride.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. hashtag gobananas
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
username username this show will go well with my lunesta
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
stop taking viibryd after those terrible side effects last night. gonna have to try something else... again.
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
tamiflu will be the death of me
scuba dive ventolin hfa two brett butlers. the former
clutching my beloved fluticasone spray. yay pharmaceuticals.
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
username true, but my best friend at junior school was a thalidomide baby, people can be quite awful pensive face x
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hashtag routinewreck
walgreens is out of vyvanse and adderall. she said we've had trouble keeping it in stock
username darvon gotta use the car soon so that would be pointless
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hashtag nurseprobs hashtag arthritisprobs
username username does nexium have a generic? my insurance doesn't cover regular nexium.
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hashtag humira than hashtag enbrel hashtag rheum
jc negative for another year and finally sorted the dilemma of my freakishly sensitive skin! hashtag blessed hashtag goodnews hashtag ms hashtag tysabri
half a sangria, with a viibryd chaser. on my way to being karen walker..
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
denosumab better than zoledronic acid (end-point: radiologic sre). hashtag pca hashtag eau14
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
here's hoping pristiq will magically fix my brain. hashtag yeahright
username dayquil: more like day-kill! when your kids are passed out in the street, defenseless, getting molested by the lunesta moth.
username yo i got a bio exam wednesday. what's good with some adderall homie ?
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
username have a cuppa while i wait for the sildenafil to kick in.
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
rt username n. meningitidis proph: rifampin 600mg po bid x4doses, ciprofloxacin 500mg po x1 dose, cegrtriaxone 250mg im x1 dose hashtag foamed…
username i've never heard of victoza but i am glad it helped. this journey has been suprisingly emotional and painful. this2shallpass
username i've been on tysabri for about 3years now and it's stopped the advance of my ms. it's good stuff
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
username do we need to rush ny some albuterol inhalers? are they in short supply?
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
what is the difference between waiting in line at the suboxone clinic and waiting for your drug dealer to hook up?
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
ema just said there are no new worries about januvia and pancreas side effects. $mrk
i can’t see the point in taking hashtag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
username that's like saying people with asthma shouldn't take ventolin they should just learn to breath better
man in the crestor commercial has a big bald spot at the top of his head face with tears of joy
i'm actually funny lol. handing out imodium gravol for halloween when they get sick of candy. hyperlink
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
username username hey harry, the exelon patch works wonders for alzheimer's!
username username have they tried giving you something like neurontin for nerve pain?
coffee and adderall are how law students function on sundays
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
username username i've nvr been on gilenya, but i switched from betaseron 2 tecfidera one year ago have had no hospitalizations since :-)
username ¿ya probaste nexium y motilium?
username username there is a typo for regn eylea launch 21 nov 1911 off by a century :)
seo case study&amp;#58; attorneys chasing vioxx organic search r
this higher dose of hashtag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
i pop'em with seroquel like glue i'm stuck
without boniva sally would be just a mumbling pile of shattered bone. hashtag blessed hashtag oscars
username my sister suffers from fibromyalgia and cymbalta seems to help her. sadly, so many people dismiss fibro as almost phony.
username i have been on tecfidera for a year now . very happy with the results
time to ramp up from the low dose symbicort to the high octane symbicort.
fb01 username katun mix brukat close 6des ready antara jan-maret hyperlink
thank you username very crazy pulse rates! pole mami username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
depression hurts. and this time cymbalta can't help...
username yeah thanks will do increased my steroid too + will be using my ventolin through today. :-)
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
username my gi said humira would work better with my schedule...it's injection whereas infliximab is an infusion....
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
enbrel would be nice right now
i gotchu miralax micah face blowing a kiss
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
username keep calm e tanto imodium
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
try fluoxetine. or prozac. that's a gloooooorious ssri. antidepressant.
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
if ur suffering from bi-polar suppression take latuda
username there was a time when tysabri was the thing for all autoimmune diseases. safe as aspirin it was, until it wasn't
username yes i take 3 different ones- enalapril, sildenafil and vetmedin.
prof elborn presented results of inhaled levofloxacin trial. looks like it works as well as tobi. hashtag ecfs2012
tamiflu keeps hashtag flu virus from replicating, makes it easier for body to fight. not effective after first couple days. username hashtag watchkcen
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
ventolin attacked and defeated amazing tharius mayn.
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
username no. i've been a diabetic for 42 yrs, but very well controlled. it was the introduction of enbrel to try and help my arthritis
i like ability pill lexapro busphar sometimes depakote and some other ones i just wish they'd give me valium s and darvacet or some,thing i
username think i am to pumped on acetaminophen, diphenhydramine, paracetamol, codeine. ibuprofen diclofenac potassium to drink beer.
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hashtag wtf
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
anyone on keppra and vimpat together!?
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hashtag blagh hashtag gross hashtag weak
so we have nexium samples in the resident lounge -- all of us have gerd...
whyss dona meridia
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
username username that's why i hope you never take prozac, because i want your peepee to be hard and strong for all eternity.
just counted 18 side effects in a victoza commercial during the price is right! hashtag drugs
username new plan is take venlafaxine and nothing else till hear from specialist. no sleeping pills, or pain relief, just see..
hey nurses and physicians. i've had 51 g of miralax and 10mg of bisacodyl... why won't i poop?.
if you're feeling down on the 26th just remember that i have a nuvaring and am a team player
hashtag team angeltrb ex-div reminder for exelon corp.'s trust preferred securities hashtag boceame neqrosexy
or my girlfriend left a nuvaring in the fridge... would you like that? would that be good for you? i know you don't drink! username
username they even make money from tramadol prescribed to the people they disabled with thalidomide and gave the original pain to!
username username 3 times a day. i was on levaquin 750 mgs last time
username the flotsam and random jetsam that sucks suboxone from a 4 am tube...
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
the blue men tour is sponsored by symbicort
username why would you clean it? i wouldn't got his ass a mop and some imodium
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
someone please put michael clifford on adderall or ritalin or something
username just the gabapentin (down to 300mg now) and the ibuprofen occasionally now. it's pretty useless and i do need to tell the gp
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
username unless she thought metformin acutely drops bs? which it doesn't. it's just a caddy thing to do. everyone hates the er pensive face
username took geodon during 1st pregnancy he is fine this pregnancy no meds, but i am very overweight this lil boy is just fine too
why is this insurance coverage: many major insurance plans will not cover brand-name advair hfa starting in 2014.
username i'm nervous about remicade because my veins are horrible. but nervous about humira because of the self-injection.
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hashtag blagh hashtag gross hashtag weak
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hashtag bbloggers
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
she better have them triple c's my adderall
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
finally my suboxone kickin in
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hashtag bewell friend
ped seems to respond more to eylea than iva.
username ooh thanks. i got diclofenac prescribed by dr. i shall watch it in a few mins. thanks x
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
username how ya doing, off the prozac. i'm not too bad, about 3 wks now.
username this is my 2nd floxing which does not help. the first was 1990 and did not know then either-cipro for pneumonia. told poss. m.s
username if you look at the good old standard morphine equivalent chart buprenorphine is like 1mg to 40mg of morphine. so 2mg is like 80
username username conditions, that's a good idea. but pain clinic still only gave me pregab and celecoxib until i had surgery 2...
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
oooopsies! consultant pharmacist just recommended levofloxacin for a patient who presented with fitting. hashtag facepalm hashtag holbycity
username u need to get an effient offensive
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hashtag pcos
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
username cvs near me was $80 for some levofloxacin i took it down to $25 and still made profit and now the pt transferred all to me
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
username pop you then pop an adderall know the drill like a lateral nigga. kendrick 12:4
going off of olanzapine is no picnic. you have to be prepared to ask the aid of the gods, jesus, krishna.
fda accepts for review boehringer ingelheim’s nda for fixed-dose tiotropium and olodaterol for airflow obstruction in copd patients
username haha trust, suboxone is exactly the same as codeine.
username lozenge - sucretes are the best
4:49 i am the child when addy's nuvaring fails to work
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
high on gabapentin cause of my insomnia. but big do i like this high lol.
diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
this cough syrup ain't helping me sleep for shit!!!! where's my lunesta when i need it frowning face  frowning face
so i'm watching side effects the old shrink is telling the new shrink what girl used to take says effexor. i'm like hey i take that lmao
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
username - will you have paid synthroid spokesperson sofia vergara back on to tell us all how easy it is to treat thyroid disease? hashtag ozsinbox
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hashtag vyvanse hashtag add hashtag damn
hashtag fda approves noven's brisdelle (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause
my new best friends. fluoxetine. hyperlink
hazards of sitagliptin in heart failure patients hyperlink
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
the dr upped my meds. on that coffee and atomoxetine grind. can't stop, won't stop.
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
username i was trying to say i can't even imagine. i'm starting hashtag humira soon, that should be interesting.
username mmm seroquel like britney
username username liquid oxycodone is the same packaging and my arch rival.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
insyaallah will be island hopping. yay to tasik dayang bunting. antara bucket list. mihmihmih. monday blues begone!
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hashtag tmi hashtag fml
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
phil mickelson - my brother in enbrel - now has a share of the lead.
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
username that explains the republic hashtag bnn rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - also found in prozac
a lozenge is a wasteland: tonguelike and dysfunctional
sources say: divi's lab to supply apis for diovan generic price:1419 change: +61.55 percent change: +4.53%
for instance, my most recent searches include lamictal, topomax, and big fluffy fur coats.
username all those levofloxacin mesofloxacin amoxillin.the drugs thy react with... /o\
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
scary movies and lots of caffeine and i didn't take my seroquel i feel like such a rebel &gt;:d and i also feel like an idiot but that's normal
some people need to get on latuda !
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hashtag brains
username *sighs* look, tim's.. different than most people.. he doesn't really like socialising unless it's me, ella or faith&gt;
rx sildenafil 20mg. take 2-5 tabs prn sexual activity, qty 50. $80. must not add joke…be professional…. hashtag dpcsummit2014
username today was my 4th? 5th? day. i stopped effexor and started viibryd, no tapering of either. judging by the side effects, i should&gt;
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
i would like an elephant following me around like on the spiriva commercial ...
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
username been through it. still gotta take suboxone just go through it and be done
does anyone in vegas have any tamiflu i can barrow
i need a cipro refill. i'm pretty sure i got tonsillitis...again!
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
cleaned the nicotine from my frankie laine cd. i don't smoke.
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
username username username gonna more sildenafil to get this election up and pumping.
username username username gabapentin pays well usually fuck lyrica
the antipsychotic aripiprazole (abilify) and depression and pain agent duloxetine are the top-selling us prescription drugs.
username and if you take boniva lol
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hashtag core
username also, if you can get darvocet instead of vicodin, i’ve always found that it works better.
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
female crestor but her breeding days are done hyperlink
i need some metformin tablets asap hyperlink
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hashtag badass hashtag sick hashtag withdraws hashtag sicksicksick
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
do not mix ventolin and coffee together
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
exelon corp nyse:exc 10-q now available
username username i started vimpat 3 months ago alongside keppra and tegretol no difference with seizures at all.
really glad that blythe danner is doing more prolia commercials, but i wish that she could have a hashtag consciousuncoupling with osteoporosis.
oh great. 10mg of temazepam and i still can't sleep. hashtag jfc
username username username are you boys 155yrs old talking at 3am about ur health issues! dom did you tell him about crestor
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
username that med didn't help me. i'm on humira. it works great. with surgery humira been in remission 5-6yrs.
hashtag ethanol, hashtag caffeine, hashtag nicotine hashtag pharmaceutical hashtag druglords make the hashtag world their personal whore while they hashtag rape us through biased hashtag drugwar.
username username i do no think there was sildenafil citrate back then. it'd have been a waste of energy.
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hashtag whygodwhy hashtag whyme
username anywhere you want besides miridia unless you want to do the gravity-less route
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
gotta be up in 2.5 hours.... lol whaaaat where that bitch lunesta at
tonight alive username paramore! rt username antara paramore, jack white dan the black keys di nominasi 'best rock song'
i learn as a pleasant surprise from the indo (i know!) that enbrel also protects against alzheimer's disease.
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
seeing the words do not push through printed on the back of a blister pack of imodium isn't very reassuring. hyperlink
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
username isn't the new boniva motto something like more is more? or am i just imagining i read that... regardless, that applies here :d
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
despite grave doubts about teva's liability, boston federal judge keeps it in nexium antitrust case against astrazeneca and two generics
username don't forget to fill your reserves for tomato paste, pickles, non-speficic cholinesterases and atorvastatin for winter!
hashtag fda rejects hashtag bayer’s hashtag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hashtag pharma hashtag biotech hashtag heart
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
username humira! every 3 weeks!
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
antara can dan can not
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hashtag painfull 4 evr!
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
username the seroquel pretty much does the same thing. also, username forgot ect xd
rt username rt username interesting information on the fda review of apixaban. maybe it's not the leading noac after all? h tt
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
username when i tentatively discussed maybe coming off olanzapine, my psych advised 5 years on meds, that was 3 years ago
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
best line up for us this night hashtag asot650 -protoculture,max graham,sean tyas...and now new world punx :) thanks to hashtag violetta boneva
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
that feel when ur buying miralax and ur like this isn't for me it's for my cat i swear
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
nathan gomez, imodium ad cooker, dies of disease at 34
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
guy in front of me at cvs buying imodium a.d. and condoms. he's about to have a great or horrible night. explosions imminent.
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
watched the enbrel spot with phil nicholson in slo-mo. actually very cool transitions.
i hope everyone has some imodium a-d this hashtag skycrapper just might make me crap my shorts if he falls
welcome to the club! rt username antara nareswari, nares dan nareswara hahaha cc: username username hyperlink
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
username username ezetimibe, bile acid sequestrants. rosuvastatin and atorvastatin are very effective in fh.
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
username what u found out about cipro? graeme always has dodgy bones x
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
nice gives the green light for bayer's hashtag xarelto (rivaroxaban); offering a simpler alternative to hashtag warfarin.
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hashtag stayoffthesteroidskids
username albuterol/atrovent .... hands are shaky , right . pneumonia ! woow rocephin , zithromax iv or sending ya home on levaquin ?
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
username username well i'd taken cipro once before with no problem. seems like i'd have been hit the 1st time if i was predisposed, no?
other psoriasis drugs such as infliximab ustekinumab have weight-tiered dosing hashtag fda says re $nvs secukinumab's adcom.
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
i just want to fall asleep persevering face lunesta shouldn't take over 6 hours to kick in.  sleeping face folded hands
fda approves saphris to act toward schizophrenia: .aan
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
username you have the flu. go get some tamiflu stat!
if still cant catch it back. switch off fans and a/c then selimutkan badan. sampai peluh. ventolin dua kali. control breath. tido terus
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hashtag core
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hashtag antidepressants
norfair/magmoor caverns and pirate homeworld/brinstar are pretty much just reorchestrations, but maridia gets the end of its melody changed
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
taylor swift, age 64, wearing just as much red lipstick, popping a boniva and shuffling out on stage to do a rousing encore of 22
moxifloxacin used outside of guidelines 71% of the time. doctors are addicted to new antibiotics.
how many people are fully aware that they pushed the drug cymbalta for depression, it didn't work, now its a pain medication. no. it's not.
username i do , i survived stage 4 follicular thyroid carcinoma and all i got was this lifetime supply of elevated synthroid suppression
going to pass out if i dnt find my preventer ventolin
suboxone films taste terrible what the fluff
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hashtag rheum
if you survive the latuda regiment, you're no longer bipolar! the entire commercial is a gauntlet of side-effects things to avoid
username username definitely seeing more xarelto lately...but it has downsides too - biggest is obviously overt $ of drug itself
i think i hang out at exelon plaza like 3/5 days of the week. found my loop spot
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
you, me and duloxetine hashtag pharmafilms
username username hobby insurance will cover tubal ligation,and sildenafil citrate, think about that and explain it to me
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
effient is more effective than plavix...but causes more bleeding. that's why it's not for patients with a prior stroke or tia, or over 75.
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
username get energized with... sildenafil :&gt; jk
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
watching abc app and the mickelson enbrel ad came in 10 times.makes me wonder number of people with psoriatic arthritis hashtag phrmamarketing
it seems it's kurt geiger's fault i'm unable to walk today... currently waiting for diclofenac to kick in smirking face
hell yes, fluoxetine.
username wtf for how long tamiflu is going to be conjugal holidays :)
this fuckin albuterol is tired face
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
username your doctor sucks. ask for gabapentin or pregabalin if it's really bad, but never do shit without a benzo in the mix
username username gotcha, and read it, i didn't know it was a exelon site as i am a share holder of exelon, thanks for the input
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
i'm done. rt username boniva obviously doesn't mix well with white zin. hashtag sallyfield”
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
username username don't worry about it, i was terrified the first time i had tysabri and now i'm so much more active because of it.
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hashtag humira than hashtag enbrel hashtag rheum
watching hoarders and the lady is depressed and my mom goes she needs cymbalta hashtag jennisms username
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
username latuda does wonders!
tysabri infusion #11 today. disappointed, never hear from biogen to see how feeling. $100k/year med warrants a quarterly call. hashtag tysabri
username fish should not be fermented after already being salted and pickled. that's like wearing a condom with a nuvaring and iud.
metformin is a helpful medicine for women with polycystic ovary syndrome
username perfect pour of 135 metoprolol hashtag getonmylevel
username username #3 in us sales, cymbalta/duloxetine, comes off patent next month. where will it rank next year?
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
that just said gabapentin on house. i hated that med a mot
don't try taking a couple lunesta at 3 am and then try to wake up at 10 am. just doesn't work that way.
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
gonna need a tractor trailer full of red bull and 10,000mg if adderall to get me through this week
username ultimately, it's the companies decision. as a victoza user myself, i'm really interested in seeing how username proceeds.
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hashtag quetiapine
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
i can not express the relief i feel after today's specialist appt. i want to cry. tysabri is working, no new lesions and just *phew* :) hashtag ms
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
a impossible-to-detect albuterol aroma and nutty smack overtones are incorporated in the 2010 red zinfandel from champs de leguine. hashtag vsfash
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
i mean, it's a 6 min commercial for eliquis that i can't fast forward through about some old lady with afib. nbc on demand: ultimate troll.
username i can just imagine how desperate you are for a bit of peace. whereas i am now feeling very quetiapine'd so have to say g'night :(
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username nah. i’ve had these for many years. they got worse when i was pg w luz (that’s when i was diagnosed). i take metoprolol to keep&gt;
tune in to hashtag sarawakfm malam tok guys.ada lagu lcti dan battle antara band search and destroy inrisingaffliction. hyperlink
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
meridia (sibutramine) and xenical (orlistat) are approved for long-term use.
apixaban prevents vte vs. placebo, journal of duh. 7 major bleeds provide no useful info re: risk hashtag csim2013
username is one prozac???? you are funny when you call him that!
hashtag apsad (n.o.a.s) dr finnegan states does some studies on using buprenorphine in neonates... the issue is sublingual absorption
i see boniva working for sally field hashtag oscars2014
username ehh my anxiety is still horrible but with the prozac i don't cry as much and the trazadone does help me sleep a little
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
the furries in that symbicort commercial distracted me.
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
cymbalta helps
drug commercials, news flash- i'm sure your doctor knows about pradaxa already, given his wall of diplomas, you shouldn't have to ask him
username are you getting on with the olanzapine apart from that ? :)
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
i just asked javier where his nuvaring was, when i mean his nylabone, and i haven’t even started drinking yet.
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
username take benadryl, it's the only thing that helps me fall asleep on vyvanse
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
klonopin and suboxone and back to bed
dex last night tonight and it's velcade today. the fight continues. hashtag myelomasucks
time to take the rest of this seroquel and fuck today.
saphris is a hella fast acting drug...
ah the sting of the hashtag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitisq hashtag ouch
username adderall can do crazy shit regardless. if you're taking it in combo with strattera, good luck man.
username only weirdos find her funny. my fault for not changing the channel after watching the fascinating programme about thalidomide
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hashtag crohns
only 60mg of paxil a.m 30mg temazepam p.m.. plus other meds. blarg .
username i wonder if there would be a benefit with atorvastatin or rosuvastatin hashtag aha14
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
i'm going to try to start letting you all know how much i love you soon ((but not now bc i just took my trazodone and sleep beckons))
username thanks took gabapentin and tramadol it's non narcotic and us sully helps me get through the day..
did anyone stop tysabri in 2011 after been told of jc positive and try another treatment then restart tysabri again at a later point ?
username username username i take metformin for pcos. i've told my mom dozens of times. she insists i'm secretly diabetic.
cymbalta is legal, an antidepressant.....side effects: nausea, dry mouth, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, thoughts of suicide
username *goes digging for thingy* ventolin bleck
username enbrel was my 1st biologic. then cimzia now orencia *fingers crossed*
murphy needs some nexium  hashtag znation
that albuterol tastes so good weary face smiling face with heart-eyes see-no-evil monkey
used so much ventolin tonight, what's made my asthma so bad?
today my classmate accidentally spurted diclofenac on my left eye while fixing the syringe i swear i'll be blind by the time i finish pharma
rt username the mental illness circle is not without it's elitists: i'm on effexor. pfft amateur.
pristiq - fda. for depression. but can cause or worsen medical conditions including depression.....???? hashtag legalizecannabis
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
username which pharmaceuticals pushed out barbiturates, benzos, thalidomide, tamiflu, prozac etc milking the nhs dry?
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hashtag cysticfibrosis
username very rarely lamotrigine can cause an increase in seizures. talk to your epilepsy nurse or specialist.
rt username she whispers throatily bring me a lozenge...a penis lozenge. *sore throat inspired erotic tweet
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
i can't get two fingers in my vag how am i suppose to put in nuvaring
username it happens to me to. sucks!! i got some lunesta from my dr. and it helps.
over-the-counter flonase allergy relief approved: the fda has approved over-the-counter flonase allergy relief, or fluticasone propio...
username fluoxetine is a common one, but i've not tried it. i'm terrified of new medications in case they give me side effects
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hashtag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
i should really just finish my paper so thalidomide have to worry about it no more
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hashtag dblog hashtag diabetes hashtag dsma
very happy to announce that i am opening my own private practice in beaverton oregon. we will be specializing in suboxone and co-occurrin...
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hashtag ineedanallergist
username i'm upset with someone. (not you) waiting for the quetiapine to kick in while watching qt x
anyone in vegas have tamiflu i can borrow
username like all the crestor and chantix commercials? or sleep aid and allergy and shingles? no we need more because hashtag ecigssavelives
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hashtag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
this victoza ad 'it's the best thing ever'  *lists the million severe side effects which can cause death* i think you've put me off it now
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
rt username i've never seen someone excited to go get medicine. lol rt: username im glad i went to the docs .. got more seroquel ( :
going to bed while self medicating. it is going to be a lunesta kind of night. goodnight cruel world...
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
username username why would they call it latuda see-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
pharmachem people, is $400 for a month of generic pregabalin a reasonable price for a simple molecule with a simple synthesis?
username the nuvaring is just as good
username i just doubt it. plus, shd did withdraw and suboxone would've stopped that too. and once you get thru those first few days
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
hahaha, you wanna subtweet me about recycled tweets? okay! sweety rather drink your seroquel go sit in the corner work on your marriage
username no 600mg for the day. they mentioned pregabalin am seeing the pain clinic on 25th gp was reluctant to change till i've seen them
i just took another adderall and am waiting for jesus to take the wheel for me this finals week
username sitting home with the flu now. started tamiflu yesterday. am i (reasonably) immune now for the rest of the season?
username i have continual pain in my feet. i am on lyrica and cymbalta but have to take hydrocodone at bedtime or awake all night. :-((
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
username wale like lunesta cuh zzz
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
when you can't find your stash of old naproxen diclofenac has to do..... has done f all too !
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
merck says nuvaring should not be used by women who smoke, are over age 35 or who have at least one potentially serious medical condition.
username username he need boniva osteoporosis pills once a month mane
you know how dependent i am on januvia and yet you do this. come, i clap for you.
every time a lecturer mentions that thalidomide is teratogenic.. hyperlink
virginia valentine loves glp-1! hashtag invokana sglt-2 inhibitor good a1c reduction, weight loss, yeast infections not a concern hashtag dttcoyd
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
username what was your enbrel issue? hashtag rheum
chat with the beure herself, got my nicotine and a stroll in the dark hashtag perfect
username wow great article great timing. am starting on 10 mg mtx oral dose tomorrow. have ceased enbrel and starting remicade.
yesterday i fired up aphex twin's ventolin remixes on repeat all. play time is less than 30 min/cycle, and hot damn that wheeze mix so good.
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
count yourself lucky if you don't know what metformin smells like
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
mia seems to be having 3 hourly asthma attacks on the third lot. responding to ventolin so that's something
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
im gonna name my daughter latuda
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hashtag zzzzz
there i go again eating a meal and taking an adderall before work. one of these days i'll learn
anchovy pizza excessive farts rude! no no, that's beef usual for picking time gout stepping on evading toll with toby vesicare
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
rt username xarelto may lead to bleeding which may end in death. i am loving the side-effects warnings on us medical tv ads.
username holy shit hahah im gonna do that fuck i get free vyvanse lol i miss you so much we need to chill soon :(
ciprofloxacin, vicodin a big warm hotel bath tub.
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hashtag helps
hashtag worstcommercials : subaru, at&amp;t, time warner cable, verizon, beezid, usell, iphone, cheerios, rephresh, wendys, viagra, cialis, xarelto
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
latuda is right for me
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
username username and 20 pills of lunesta if it's a pill
username when are you going to do that comparison post - vs metformin ? :) hashtag wddchat14
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hashtag adhd
grass creek winery coalesces poorly-filtered albuterol essences and a delightful pheremone bouquet in their 1997 white pinot. hashtag أيها
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
cymbalta can't help hyperlink
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
username i'm sentenced to a lifetime of oxycontin oxycodone due to back injury/chronic pain. but i don't qualify 4 mj in nj? wth?
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hashtag govthealthcare
username stay positive bro. hey did you check into getting that humira free from the abbott company?
i don't think one a day latuda is right for anyone. id rather stay bi polar and depressed than have those risks
rt username janssen: fda issues crl for xarelto to reduce the risk of stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. $jnj
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
username true. esp when given wrong meds. seroxat/paxil i'm looking at you! worst ad ever.
username not supposed to use imodium with c diff, diane. hashtag themoreyouknow
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hashtag cancersux
just a reminder that this week are the fishing tournaments monday for meridia and tuesday for akatosh so get your bait ready
username can a young woman on etanercept get hpv vaccine? i am not sure if keynote is right.
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
boniva commercial:grandma, you're so dense.  you're right, sean, my bone density num-  no, i meant you're a total fu- ask your docto
username hashtag cipro levaquin avelox = floxed miley-did you have a reaction to any? yes? you need to contact as drs. will tell you all is fine
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hashtag nurseprobs hashtag arthritisprobs
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
toughest decision of the night: which throat lozenge to take that will best compliment my colgate toothpaste?!!
no 5 - advair diskus, gsk's newer respiratory med with 14.5 mill scripts is another brand teetering on the edge of a big fall to generics
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
how many tv's does dudley moore have? is kirstie alley smashing imodium ad in four queens? why is my diaper filled with brainy ramen?
the guidance for pregabalin says: this medicine could affect your ability to drive or operate machinery. interesting!
most of prescription drugs are suppressants, like phentermine, meridia (sibutramine), acomplia and several other brands
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
the asthma sufferers of the us get ripped off by advair prices…no generic…no significant ins coverage..what are we supposed to do?
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
username hi deelicious. im feeling way better today. taking the ciprofloxacin has kicked symptoms out.thank god. strong studd username
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
username oh no - what kind of sick? r u running temperature? have u noticed any reduction in symptoms since u started humira?
username no joke there was an ad for suboxone on a gaming site the other day (the drug they addict you to to unaddict you to opiates)
username i went from tysabri to tecfidera (w/5months off drugs and 1 on copax.) it has a hist. of use and i've no neg. side effects.
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
denosumab for bone mets. approved in cda for prevention of skeletal-related events. blocks rank&lt;-&gt;ligand binding  hashtag palcarecongress
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hashtag nausea
tamiflu in demand. god bless walgreens 24 hour pharmacy! never had flu as an adult. these aches are awful. thank you for prayers. stay well!
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
lol i was typing ritonavir and started it with rin” *sigh*
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hashtag ridiculous
i need a throat lozenge *ricola horn*
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
i'm bout to get me a sierra mist. i wish i had some seroquel xr so i could go to sleep
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
nanette milne msp username thalidomide art exhibition, discussing justice from grunenthal / german government hyperlink
i should really get my vyvanse refilled.
fun facts: do you know what medications are 4 bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approve combo of hashtag olanzapine hashtag fluoxetine
neurologists only prescribe tysabri when nothing else works to slow progression of ms. it's a chemo medicine risks of taking it r serious
username username musim pergaduhan antara dua darjat eh this month zzzz”sighsigh u can explain me later hashtag tibatiba
hashtag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
pondering on taking a trazadone, then ill be out gooood.
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
username thank u! i got offered humira or infliximab wasn't keen on either ha i hate medication
absurd that my patient had to go to 6 pharmacies to find one that could dispense zyprexa and then the stock was out of date .....
username so true. suboxone seriously saved my life.
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
username you can make your own cymbalta. its called happiness :) just be happy!
username nexium rules mister prez, feel better.
did i just see brian vickers in a xarelto commercial? oh- nascar memories...
i need some lunesta so i can gently fall asleep on the wings of lunesta. i'm laying down,waiting to rendezvous with the pixie,tinkerbelle.
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
username i've tried it before and just on lunesta and trazadone, i still wake up throughout the night. lovely.
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
username certainly is the only thing left for mnkd to sell - weaker effect need pfts before starting like exubera - wow
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
get a nuvaring i can't wife u, sorry dat was mean i'm so trifle
this ventolin makes me be one of the parkinson's patient
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
i don't get why they make stuff like cymbalta to decrease the suicide rate, when there are bunch of precautions about how it may kill you.
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
my name is abhyang sagar antara pardeshi.... luv u mom username and dad username
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
the fact that i've been taking a imodium once a day for almost two weeks tells me i need to see my doctors asap.
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
if i have to wind up going without my baclofen for a few days, its gonna suck swallow too :(
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
username just a case: permanent af in icd-biv (refractory to amio/numerous ecv) &gt; ranolazine for angina &gt; sr within one month (carelink)
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
suboxone under my tongue private numb one more time for dying young
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
username you left it on the lunch table. also you forgot your miralax
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username ah i meant helped a bit, sorry hun. fingers crossed. pregabalin did nothing for me. some people get side effects on it, some don't
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
since i don't really believe in adderall i amp myself up on caffeine and pseudo ... like fuck i can't feel my heart
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
ah the sting of the hashtag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitisq hashtag ouch
ok dis da point where i log off bc my lunesta is kicking in an i make no sense. won't even member this until i wake up n see it goodnight sleepy face
pts w t2dm + ckd are hi risk for chd + chf. hear effects of saxagliptin by baseline renal fxn in savor (8:15, rm 147a) hashtag acc14
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
30 days of hope- day 12 deanna; i am synthroid free and my labs are normal!!! yes, i used caps, because coming off medications is...
if u aint got a lozenge, use some lime juice and swish it around or use rum or lime and honey
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
i'm the perfect mixture of hatred, vodka and nicotine.
what's with new drug names nowadays. this latuda sounds like the sound of a woman tooting.
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
username women take boniva when they start getting hashtag kexy, but milk doesn't hurt either. hashtag osteoporosis hashtag savethewords
teva copaxone 40% mkt | wk/wk +10%; $biib avonex 16%, tecfidera 18% mkt; ims/cowen analysis
username username kinda like that spiriva ad....
username thanks caz but i was on dutasteride before you and i think my regrowth done. still using minoxidil though - just in case :)
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
username taking that much imodium is gonna give you worse problems than that!
i need some lunesta up in this bitch
atypical femoral neck fracture with denosumab: 1case in yr1-3 vs 1case in yr4-7 hashtag eular2013 hashtag osteoporosis
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
username not sure because i also take valdoxan 50mg at night. still have major anxiety and panic attacks. also take temazepam 20mg ...
hey not sleeping. hashtag hotflashes hashtag menopause hashtag effexor
woke up to a victoza commercial..like bye diabetes i'm over your existence.
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
they call me lunesta because i send my enemies to their eternal slumber
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
this isn't the first time imodium ad has saved my butt pun intended
had a huge wait at hospital 2day 6 hrs 4 a 1 hour tysabri infusion this was defo a day 2 4get! hashtag boardsenceless
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
my choice was more hashtag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hashtag biologics like hashtag humira. now hashtag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hashtag lung side effect. hashtag crohns
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
username username that fosamax one had me ugly laughing.
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
youniverse please bless me with a woman that stimulates me mentally and treats my dick like a lozenge.
ooh me too! rt username hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
ostrich crestor debt magcon agnez mo sliced eggplant punch with anchovies. cheez salmon i went blame basement about a nerd, constipation
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
prozac doesn't work ugh
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
i love gabapentin pill  smiling face with smiling eyes
username i'm a candidate *bites nails lol* i'm ok, gabapentin doubled! so feeling a more human. taking it easy doing a bit each day
then type of drugs ada salbutamol which is ventolin and terbutaline sulphate which is bricanyl hashtag medsfact
username username username loads lol tramadol morphine tabs,duloxitine,amitriptyline zoplicone sleeping pils a few more :-)
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hashtag brains
hunter pence has pretend staring contests w/ phil mickelson during phil's enbrel ads.
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
username need that dr. tischner's...mucinex....and either tamiflu or tylenol cold flu severe
and opium cocaine meth suboxone percocets
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
correction: miralax is lyfe.
two alvesco inhalers - one with 120 doses, one with 60 (with 1 sticker saying 60 and one saying 120 doses). not very helpful.
good bye levofloxacin.
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
rt username animal pharmaceuticals doggy prozac called 'reconcile' with a beefy flavor hashtag sfi live
feeling better on paxil after 10 days, can't wait to see how i feel after 4 weeks! things are looking up, also been excersising going 4 walk
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
nuclear giant exelon launches front group to cover its assets via username
username olanzapine takes some time to fully leave your body, i've never had rebound symptoms.
suboxone is a cock block
i don't know how name brand medications get their outrageous names.. like prestiq and xarelto. like what the fuck does that mean.
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hashtag feelnoshame
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
username with sav n meridia for like 20 more minutes.
aye, if anyone here takes paxil send me a dm please :-)
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
is the giant guy in the tamiflu commercial shitting in his bathtub?
specialist virtual clinics support prim. care 2 reduce inappropriate triple therapy in copd username username hashtag pcrsukconf2014
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
rt username lilly pr email stats: 10 sent in 4mins. 5 empagliflozin, 3 linagliptin, 1 dulaglutide 1 ly2605541. need extra insulin t…
username i know where people are allergic to warfarin, drugs like rivaroxiban and apixiban are becoming more common better than a needle
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
emily takes miralax
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
fosamax is often effective in the treatment of osteoporosis in men women, the side effects associated with the drug are often severe.
username username username you said i lied when i blamed allo meds for deaths - vioxx case just shows your rant up!
do i really need to be told not to take victoza if i'm allergic to victoza?
dimethyl sulfoxide interacts with which nsaid? a. sulindac b. celecoxib c. naproxen d. indomethacin
do any hashtag pots pts have experience with symbicort for airway (not pots)? hashtag potsprobs. hashtag spoonies, please rt
depression hurts cymbalta wont help
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hashtag fibromyalgia
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
the upside is i get to say lozenge a lot which is in the top three of my favourite words
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hashtag seriouslykillmeplease
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hashtag that
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
maybe he just forgot to take his latuda
in conclusion, esomeprazole 40 mg provides more effective acid control than twice the standard dose of omeprazole. username
busing from west side st peezy all da way to the mall to get to eagan to talk to my shitty psych about nothing. i just want some seroquel.
username username probably true. xarelto and apixiban taking over.
username username omg i have a stomach ukcer also i'm in nexium 40mg and anti biotics they really hurt dont they
my consciousness obnoxious when im off a suboxone and if you tryna talk we can get this shit poppin
username mind i'm on a lot of allergy medicine and a symbicort both.
i have cymbalta (: rt username why am i so depressed all of a sudden?
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hashtag nomoreoptions hashtag scary
username the nexium commercials sorta seem like flashbacks don't they? hashtag zombies hashtag znation great thought username
lol cool didn't get my synthroid whatever
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
infectious disease prof just recc'd routine tamiflu for tx and prevention.... *bites tongue*... cant afford to print whole cochrane rev
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
$lly lilly's once-weekly dulaglutide shows non-inferiority to liraglutide in head-to-head phase iii trial for type 2 diabetes...
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
didn't have any adderall to take this morning.. whoops! oh well. apologizing to people now
username do we need to rush ny some albuterol inhalers? are they in short supply?
username paroxetine or phenelzine?
i have to take my advair in 20 mins. and of course, with my luck, the ambrose and wyatt match is now, so it’ll still be going then. roar!
username username $sgyp here's the thing.. amitiza is a competitor but $irwd and $sgyp have new therapies that are super safe..
username i dont remember, but how common is pradaxa these days? back in medical during ho, not many patients were on it
where were you username when my family had to pay $200. for tamiflu last year after you voted for obamacare.. normal cost~ $20..
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
yes, mmj is not a very well tested product, compared to cymbalta by eli lily, which actually killed someone in testing, yet is on the market
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
$ampe optina results right behind ampion and they will derail eylea sending ampe shares through the roof and $regn crashing.
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hashtag ugh
basketball antara fakulti , please .
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
i am also thankful for tamiflu
the lamotrigine cushions my lows. not reducing pregabalin as was initial plan. he wants to give me time to try stabilise. he was lovely,
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
username i feel you like 90% of my tweets are from me on vyvanse its so much more interesting lol
rt username since the north american leg of the tour has started no ticket depression has kicked in not even cymbalta can help
whoa! out of my metoprolol and can't get any til monday morning.
sibutramine hashtag drug, can be used to improve hashtag memory  hashtag meded hashtag pharmacotherapy
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hashtag antibiotics
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
this ventolin so cool. its hot pink smiling face with heart-eyes . never come across it before.  hashtag jakon hyperlink
username username username hot dogs meet mr. carvedilol and mr. atorvastatin also let me go ahead and introduce mr kidney doc
i miss interning at exelon corp. the view, the food lol, the fancy outings, most importantly making those connections with the vps cio's.
i finally figured it out! the country house is the play blythe danner is doing in that prolia commercial! hyperlink
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
username you've got me listening to metroid music at work. omg the maridia theme. omg. oommmgggggg.
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
username username if not then thats so annoying bc i need a new prescription for synthroid w like i literally need to function
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
username username he wants me to stay on humira if at all possible bc failed remicade already. take benedryl prior to
and thanks to the doctor ppl for giving me oxycodone for the pain
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
results of woloshin media analysis of tysabri by fda communication milestones. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom hyperlink
hashtag aquarius: addition of aliskiren may benefit non- hashtag diabetics already at their bp goal - stephen nicholls hashtag esccongress2013
serious lah kim karo antara calon time's person of the year?
username mine kicks in when symbicort wears off morning night. i'm so confused, i'm not asthmatic!
yay! found some cipro!!! hashtag feelingmuchbetter
getting ready to take a lunesta
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
one nuvaring to rule them all, one nuvaring to find them, one nuvaring to bring them all, and on the cervix bind them.
when i was taking a full dose of hashtag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
used to have gd days'not now tho sadly. just had my cocktail of drugs. 10 mls morphene, 10mgs tamazepam sleeper. hope they work x
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hashtag preregtips
verb complex and extraction clobber in point of fosamax: .wtf
username my sisters and i got the last of the tamiflu in crown point speak-no-evil monkey speak-no-evil monkey
username i need a lozenge. hashtag aflblueshawks” feeling the pain too!
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day16
patient's family just asked me if they could borrow a xarelto 30mg tablet. borrow. i just... hashtag erproblems
day 11 of hashtag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
username if hashtag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
username did... i just see you in a nexium commercial while watching hashtag znation ?
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
username phil mickelson has psoriatic arthritis and uses enbrel. also the depressed lady with the sad black cloud following her.
username and the non-stop partying!? (d.sanders)? these players now days are too sensitive! too much adderall one direction!
fuck it i'm not dealing with cramps and healing at the same times new nuvaring it is
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
.@oed isn't porridge a better near rhyme for orange than lozenge? it lacks the n sound but doesn't add a harsh z.
just found a great answer on username to: which is better when treating jra in a. 7 year old. enbrel or remac...
username i was a fellow during the exubera role-out. similar unknowns.
5. so what caused the hashtag estrogen surges in hashtag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hashtag estrogen can cause a hashtag bloodclot?
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
if death had a taste, it would be saphris
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
username awright. i took a bunch of my fluoxitine today and im rully happy ^.^
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hashtag dblog hashtag diabetes hashtag dsma
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hashtag tecfidera hashtag bbhwithmscom
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hashtag rheum
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hashtag calgon
i'm on that miralax swag!
my first prolia shot yesterday. i have osteoporosis and this is the newest and least invasive treatment;no side effects since i take calcium
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
username he kinda looks like the type of guy that needs to take miralax on a pretty regular basis imho
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hashtag iwillwin
lunesta plz
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
and let's just say that my first attempt was far from successful, and that powdered atomoxetine tastes like the nastiest cough syrup x10000
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
username nigga u took some adderall or something lol. ive never cleaned when stoned. wait. nvm lol
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
but i reaaaaaaally gotta use the bathroom face with tears of joy i swear they put imodium in the sour cream chipotle
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
rt username username it also might be a side effect of any allergy meds you take, too. i find that a pectin throat lozenge to…
username username , not to mention the bloke with a 2 year sanction for having too much ventolin hashtag shouldveplayedfooty hashtag nrl hashtag afl
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
i just got a text from the pharmacy. either my lyrica or pristiq is ready to be picked up. if i'm super lucky, both
rt username she whispers throatily bring me a lozenge...a penis lozenge. *sore throat inspired erotic tweet
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hashtag endometriosis
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
hashtag askdirectioners di antara album2 the boys, fav kalian apa?? hashtag mtvstars one direction
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
trazodone, it takes the light right outta your eyes
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
username and media support needs to continue for thalidomide survivors to win their fight for compensation from manufacturer grunenthal
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hashtag sostrong hashtag highasakite
prob gonna call it an early night tonight. lunesta or trazodone? i dunno yet... hashtag drugs hashtag insomnia
rt username eisai suspends comm. dist. hashtag antiepileptic hashtag fycompa in germany. hashtag hearditherefirst username username read coverage …
i'm over here studying my dugs and i'm in januvia right now and the commercial for it comes on. that was just weird lol
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
i fell out of my chair and meridia laughed so hard she peed her pants. hahahahahahahahah bitch
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
username run to mine and bring me some temazepam as a consolation payment for waking me up :))))
bring imodium ad ouch
loopy hufflepuff common room battlezone hemorrhoids pitiless comatose stately just the great cymbalta lunesta toilet smurf
i want to punch every eliquis commercial that has ever been aired.
can i bum like half a paxil so i can run inside this store to buy beer real quick? there are bros and babies everywhere.
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
that xarelto commercial was a full length life story
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hashtag boo
i asked my brother for some pain killers he got asked if oxycodone was stronger than ibuprofen... apparently i can barely handle ibuprofen
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
username im taking levofloxacin for sinusitis
to all the people with the fireworks scaring my cat, i hope you start humira without the tb test, and also hope you have tb. hashtag lungers
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
username my generation. i was at college with a thalidomide girl.
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
username tell ya girlfriend don't tickle my sausage or i'll put it down in her throat like a lozenge” lmfao
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
username really?? swallow a few imodium and get back in there, ffs.
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
how's this bitch gettin suboxone in jail ?
sweet, sweet fluticasone hashtag allergies
goodbye citalopram.. nice knowing you for the past 6 years... hello fluoxetine :)
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hashtag sick&amp;tired
having adderall on deck makes me feel like i'm on top of the world
username username you may bring some ziprasidone for the instructors and something longer acting like chlordiazepoxide for yourself..
username pradaxa and xarelto are two. but again, depends on other health conditions thag her dr would have to determine
username ...of quetiapine i had were worryingly similar to my lithium in size and shape.
my little poney: pinky poo and applejax watch captain kangaroo. raindow bash has kidney stones. sponsored by ford imodium ad
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
the packers only movers gurgaon do out of spike respecting perfected lozenge nice workers.
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
username ah i see. i'm on prescription medication too. 225mg of pregabalin (it has a small anti-anxiety component) hashtag bpdchat
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
eurgh. no ads for 32 hours. tca withdrawal and gabapentin side effects. hope they will sort me out quickly.
2 weeks filled with tests, projects, borderline grades, stress, and adderall. lost of adderall face with tears of joy grinning face with sweat
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
you know your getting older when you think the ”girl” in the arthritis commercial is pretty cute. lol hashtag humira
username username allopurinol is fine. try no loperamide for two weeks tired face
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
username why are you up?! do you need a lunesta
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
is that username doing the crestor (bowling) commercial?
get excited about exelon analytics!! hashtag poweredbytalent hashtag insight
miralax with my henny apple juice
summer is a happy place. i am going to need prozac, cymbalta, effexor, paxil... to start school and miss my late nights with darin. :(
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hashtag stayoffthesteroidskids
as if using ventolin in public wasn't embarrassing enough, i just went for a puff and inhaled a huge fluffball that fell into the mouthpiece
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
i hate being on paxil because it is a stimulant. i hate all stimulants.
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
atorvastatin is used in adults and children who are at least 10 years old.
ingesting 300mg gabapentin as well. i ate a caesar salad beforehand.
i haven't had a relapse since i started taking tysabri in march 2009. pretty awesome.
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
username username username next time im at work will get a pic of some of the tablets. the ibuprofen metformin look so similar
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hashtag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
username username username not tried zoloft or prozac, but i was on effexor for some time in 2008 and that stuff was horrid.
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
the next person that tells me they need some oxy is getting a script for oxybutynin
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
the spiriva commercial makes me want a pet elephant. she's so darling... and she rides around in the car with her owners. seems legit.
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
blowing dis gas wit darvon
username a cheap imitation no way, siri cooties me. i'm more effient and not a machine!
username cetirizine hydrochloride daily + fluticasone propionate nasal spray when it's bad.
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
anyone know what $biib tecfidera 2014 sellside consensus sales estimates are
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
my trazodone be havin me gonee
pradaxa vs waifarin. ... the war is on. ask your doctor for the one that best suits you. ps waifarin is toxic category 6 by dot.
hashtag ranbaxy: arm got us fda approval to launch generic of diovan in hashtag us
new item for sale: ventolin syrup side effects chronic obstructive pulmonary disease copd hyperlink
my girlfriend left a nuvaring in fridge. would that be good for you? [i know you dont drink]
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
username it is an anti-psychotic olanzapine. my mind has just gotten much quieter. i am taking a low dose 5 mg
what the heck does latuda have that you can't drink grapefruit juice with it?! flushed face
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
should i be concerned that my last pack of hashtag fluoxetine tablets were red yellow but the new lot are blue white?
dexmethylphenidate is one hell of a drug
this game makes me wishing for nexium otc in my water supply. hashtag indvspit
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hashtag hivglasgow
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
$lly_$59.42_fda accepted the filing of nda for investigational combination tablet of empagliflozin linagliptin for the treatment with t2d
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
if you're titrating up on lamotrigine, never never put stevens johnson syndrome into google images. just don't. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hashtag neveragain hashtag wentfromsize8to16 #
username unamused face i cnt tweet lyrica now?
yeah, i've used a little ventolin in my time. but i never inhaled.
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
while olanzapine is not known to directly cause teratogenic effects, the increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance and weight gain
username lol ) n m glad he isnt tagged in the othr convo(wherein there's antara too).coz if he had read it,we wud have died rofling ;)
username that's good! i have the chamber thing for my albuterol and flovent
hashtag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
can't believe that bloke with the throat infection ruined monkeys for joey. what a lozenge-y bastard hashtag towie
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
username not sure about greek philosophy but what about venlafaxine?
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
i need a lozenge. does anyone have a lozenge?
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hashtag rheum
13th floor. oh, tropicana. also jon stewart and some alluring imodium ad.
sally field looks amazing. that boniva is the shit.
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” yay nanners
username know anything about loperamide supply problem? hard on vegetarians who need tablets not caps!
how is phil michelson's use of enbrel not doping?
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
the first cigarette after taking adderall is easily the best thing in life
new york attorney advises diabetics to review new studies regarding januvia janumet byetta and victoza.
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
addicted to nicotine badly.
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
username username username username username username throwing away my symbicort as we speak...
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
i spent the entire day yapping abt the clouds out back, warfarin vs apixaban how the logitech m510 laser mouse is my new fav toy. (c)
depression hurts cymbalta can help
username username studies do suggest hazard, and there's circumstantial data that it's bad to humans/pets. don't want thalidomide again.
he is reading balzac, get's knokin' out prozac
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hashtag fuckingright
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
username explains why ive hardly been able to walk to bedroom and on top of tht id be taking temazepam !!!
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
dermatologist from yale says the rheumatoid arthritis drug tofacitinib citrate allowed patient w alopecia universalis grow full head of hair
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
really don't know what i'd do without vyvanse. hashtag miracledrug
that lunesta is about to kick in so it's time to go to sle
username remember all the defects? it was almost as bad as the thalidomide incident in the medical field.
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
username that'll be thalidomide which was passed as a medicine by the relevant authority at the time? username username
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hashtag practicepoint
one minute viotex are number one and then he goes.... play us then if viox beat g3no viox will be number 1 hahahaha i no g3no are no 1
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username :d gotta say, those were two of my favorites. meridia is my third but only cause non-evil deadra.
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
someone needs cymbalta.
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
diclofenac really is the best response to toothache. kicks in slow though...  hashtag aboutlastnight
ciprofloxacin has its speech circuit harmony mere chance sectors yea for instance herbaceous, graceful supplemen:
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
wait a second all i learned in health class was that xanax helps stress disorders and permax helps people sleep hyperlink
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
ah the sting of the hashtag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitisq hashtag ouch
username during my confinement. dr mirasol put me on januvia from metformin
metformin will be rejoining me for a while. hashtag gonnafeellikeshit hashtag thisstuffmakesmemiserable
username username pge2, her puffers have spacers, use them, your promoting in proper us of meds that r used by children. advair is not free of
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hashtag msfatigue
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
username username hope ya have some imodium aswell lol hashtag shartcentral :-)
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
username backpacked all around india for 3 months ending in march. food sanitation is already shady as is! bring cipro just in case.
i'm taking eliquis not worfrin.
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hashtag govthealthcare
does anyone else suffer symptom after symptom i only got diagnosed march and on tysabri and can't have anymore steroids i have had 3 lots
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
lunesta now neutral face expressionless face
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
one day i'm going to take a picture of all the latuda bottles lined up like ducks send it to you
stay far away from avelox and other fluoroquinolones (cipro, levo). they are poison that caused horrible side effects in my daughter.
username i'm not trying to start any immature fight with you. but ask you to realize how dangerous medicine is. like cymbalta.
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hashtag calgon
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
username if it helps, i'm on nuvaring and while it's not perfect, it's not nearly as bad as what you've gone through :(
username temazepam anyone ? :-))
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hashtag onedoseleft
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
fantastic documentary on bbc2 just now thalidomide 50 year fight.  true human spirit of fighting on despite severe disability.  folded hands
username username username username username username username username i'm given advair every year in flu season. so what?
(ostomax) diclofenac potassium tablet 50mg is a pain-relief medication that is co, painful menstrual periods, and general pain.
horn says costs of suboxone was about $25 a box, but there were no restrictions or regulations re: requiring them to take them. hashtag kyga14
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
oh good, the nexium is working! i'm taking a power nap!
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hashtag stayoffthesteroidskids
i know i get in my feelings sometimes but yo depressed ass need cymbalta
rt username some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
username username one word fluticasone so helped me in 48 hrs had amoxocillian too hashtag fellbettersis hyperlink
i'm not sure what would possess my mother to like vimpat on facebook.
biocentry biocentury reporting fda concurs with the ema’s conclusions” that januvia and other incretin mimetics are safe $mrk h/t isi
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
username well i work at the one on midwest blvd in mwc, but there's also one on 10th meridia
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
if cymbalta actually worked for a black mans depression.
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
in sub-analysis eliquis (apixaban) benefits v warfarin reducing stroke risk in patients w/ nonvalvular af consistent regardless bp control 1
username por exemplo: the manufacturer has decided to stop producing sibutramine based on information from a recent clinical study. +
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
i need to stop finding suboxone on the streets
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
username tadalafil cialis factory in china with high quality and nice price. please contact bob@pharmade.com hyperlink
i take effexor and my mood stabilizer is lamictal
people talking about taking adderall to help them study when i actually have to take adderall for my add. smh unamused face
log off bruh username u ever fingered a bitch and got a finger caught in her nuvaring ? me either
username awww thank you! my enbrel being missed two weeks in a row is getting to me :(. how are you doing?
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
username username username they haven't, sadly. the whole problem is that on quetiapine i *always* have a good night....
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
home depot works just as well as lunesta
username  look out walgreens! pharmacists take cover and hide the crestor
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
ventolin makes me shake
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hashtag cantsleep
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
too much albuterol in my system. face with medical mask confounded face
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
username username username username metformin or diabeta any more because of the kidney,
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
latuda just said to beat bi-polar disease i have to die!
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hashtag trippinballz.
jackie christie musta reupped her prolia shot before the reunion show hashtag knuckifyoubuck hashtag bbwla
username boniva could have made a killing.
you will not die if you have generic atorvastatin instead of lipitor.
tysabri time hashtag ms hashtag mswarrior hashtag medicine hashtag bigsmiles hyperlink
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
choose the best choice for ur future.. god bless rt username antara karier dan pasangan hidup :(”
come on username someone give pj a throat lozenge or some tea.
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
username first it's the folic acid... then all of a sudden you're losing miralax privileges.
username username username username username norice too has eaten something disagreeable , hashtag military two step - imodium
so i really like the nuvaring hashtag js
not sure the paxil is working any more
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hashtag ms hashtag notwothesame
ring ring. hello cowntess. my greece just tap a advair diskus. my parents just farted feathercoin pork chop with each meal.
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
username username now we are told to go out and buy tamiflu if we get sick. hashtag scam
analysts say nexium could have added $300 - 350 mn to ranbaxy topline. valcyte $30 - 40 mn. valued both drugs at `55 - 60 per share
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
username ncong, antara pocong ame bencong/? :v
username username vioxx is the one that was taken off the market. any med can have the potential for side effects, doesn't mean you will:)
trazodone is my bestfriend when i can't sleep
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hashtag vyvanse
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
username not ready to raise your own little champions? ask your doctor if nuvaring is right for you.
username girlllll are you on vyvanse again haha hashtag youbetrippin
username username username lmao, i love how there's a suboxone ad right under her pic. how appropriate...
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
study of saxagliptin for diabetes shows no increase in heart attack risk.
username is xigris or hope of a successor dead in the water?
we're going to try gabapentin and keep the vicoprofen for breakthrough pain. he's so insistent on not giving me anything stronger. argh.
ha, forgot to take my advair all day hashtag opps fearful face
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
my prozac is working already bc my chest doesn't hurt so far today and i feel mellow. who wants to break it to my dad that i'm crazy?
hopefully benadryl is on my side tonight and i can get some sleep. got a lozenge and dayquil and water on standby.
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
getting very excited about starting tysabri on 17th ! feeling very positive :)
somebody get hashtag nerlens noel some hashtag paxil. hashtag nbadraft
username ask if ur parents have imodium bc that's what helps me when i'm shitting myself into a black hole
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
username username , it's time to stop trying to be the hip mom. start taking boniva to protect your hip, mom.
username i was on olanzapine last year.
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
username username why you run out of imodium tel
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
username me relax ~ miralax
username stop blowing dudes in the summer you gay barner and take a throat lozenge hashtag rmft
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
ventolin we meet again face with medical mask weary face
poopy luciano huck ventolin hfa
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
ventolin you cause me so much grief
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hashtag notgood
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
2 more hours and i can hopefully say goodbye to seroquel!
i expect dally fields to thank boniva  hashtag oscars
lunesta is life
username found this 'you can also buy a short course of diclofenac potassium at pharmacies, without a prescription, for pain such as
md rx'd exelon (rivastigmine) for alzheimer’s. which side effect is most common? a. urinary incontinence b. headache c. confusion d. nausea
opened my door to find a little brown bag thinking it was a present only to find three new advair inhalers thanks mom !
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
depression hurts , cymbalta can help username i'm so depressed , i need to stop .
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
coming off hashtag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag medication
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hashtag anygood?
i think i'm going to start leaving my nuvaring in for 4 weeks and only have a period every 3 months
hashtag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hashtag drugs
this eliquis ad is just subliminally telling kids that having an abnormal heartbeat is a bad thing. we shouldn't force normalcy.
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
tofacitinib citrate or xeljanz : the medicine that may become a god blessed miracle for me hashtag letthisbethecure
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
username username what.he was put on diclofenac and i think vit b&amp; e. for 5days.it's not up to 5days yet so he hasn't gone back
overdose of nexium .
having the day from hell!! arrived for my tysabri only to find they couldn't see me in the diary. weird since they phoned me with the date
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
my holy fast: only water, beer and varenicline are permitted. i call it a holy fast because, holy, things are moving really, really fast.
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
username suboxone
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hashtag superhard
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
i think i need another paxil.
i think cialis should trade names with boniva … ♫♡♡♫
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
username username username nice! that hashtag humira pen is something else... some weeks i miss my hashtag enbrel! hashtag rheum
erm tolcapone and entacapone were perhaps found by al capone ?  hashtag lame ha ha
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
update 2-merck to pay $100 mln in nuvaring contraceptive settlement
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hashtag insomniacentral hashtag stupidmedicines
some adderall would come in clutch rn
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hashtag viibryd hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag ocd hashtag meds hashtag confusion hashtag agitation hashtag itching
listening to unfuck u by lyrica anderson
damn, i've been working on this dutt shit for the past 3 and a half hours. i'm not even on any vyvanse! hashtag swag
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
username okay maridia
shouldn't more people be upset that there's a mostly nude lady in this imodium commercial?
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day10
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hashtag badass hashtag sick hashtag withdraws hashtag sicksicksick
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
reference labs*physician labs, suboxone start-up practices. medical billing*credentialing*consultants. call us toll free 1-844-856-8011.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
i might have managed to get dutasteride prescribed for me too. re-read my endo letter and he says i can stay using it. gotta ask my gp now
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hashtag postopprobs hashtag painmeds hashtag crazydreams
i have chronic acid reflux take a rabeprazole pill daily to prevent it from getting out of control. username username
casodex + avodart = groovy
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
username username seen him before with piers morgan about us gun laws truly ignorant horrible person who needs some quetiapine
done with presentation of journal appraisal. asenapine vs. olanzapine.
username oh no i might try nuvaring
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
username username username like many power companies, both exelon and entergy own a mix of re, nuclear and fossil.
username didn't say that. i logically lean on things like thalidomide and azt. say in 4 generations they have perfect eyes and pouches.
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
username my dx feb07, invasive lobular ca rt side. chemo/rads/arimidex. now stable on tamoxifen/ibandronate. morphine patches rock!
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
ok it's called nuvaring (etonogestrel/ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring) username why not use that? username username username
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
username username username docs pushing fosamax -now women's leg bones breaking. oh yeah and how about hormones?
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
rt username username i wonder if mrs. kitchel actually took that paxil.. haha
i tink he's on cipro username hv u started any antibiotic already? rt username urine mcs for a uti pt, e. coli seen, resistant (cont)
username just took a trazodone..incase i fall asleep while tweeting i'll say love ya n sweet dreams...that stuff hits me hard lol
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
username my real concern with e-cig is the catridges - most of them come from china and no moh approval. anything with nicotine=drugs
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username happy birthday!
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
bplowering effect of liraglutide was not observed in elderly t2dm individuals. bloomgarden. hashtag easd2013
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
username could be stress. i used to get anxiety attacks that appeared as chest pains too. fluoxetine cleared it up.
username username and then you miss keith's nexium ads grinning squinting face grinning face with sweat grinning squinting face grinning face with sweat
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
*me on the intro to my rap song* yo shout out to my prozac prescription and my girlfriend who doesn't really like me that much 2006 shit boi
that boniva is working!!! sally field looks fucking amazing.
username username username username - i agree to that also. now i feel we are the suboxone capital of the world.
her pupils are oxycontin her tongue is suboxone strip
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
just spilled half of my thyroid pills all over the bathroom floor. free levothyroxine for everyone!
hashtag fda hashtag ok's today! janssen's inovokamet (canagliflozin/metformin) 4 t2 diabetes takeda's velcade (bortezomib) expanded 4 relapsed responders
username hence why i'm not on it yet. told her i would rather not. fluticasone is helping just... slowly. sinuses are stupid.
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
i forgot to bring my nexium i'm in pain
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
my ferrous sulfate (for my anemia) and ventolin (for my asthma) are doing good.. thank you lord :)
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
nexium district court takes pioneering approach to preliminary jury charge 1x8wrik
alison brie is hunting for imodium ad. donald duck is gossiping about a nectarine in subway.
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
username username oh lawd but that's not so bad. lol hmmmm. i'm thinking this or nuvaring
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hashtag crohns
username right it's not live but it elicits an immune response and that's what i don't like. i've taken tamiflu and it works great!
home i'm taking pencil to paper and writing both meridia responses and anna responses to be recorded on twitter using a computer tomorrow.
the painkiller vioxx kills people! (as many as aspirin!). 5 big news stories that left out the most important part -
rt username the diagnosis of depression didn’t become popular in japan until glaxo-smithklein got approval to market paxil in the c…
username reminds me of the imodium slogan, why worry about your diarrhoea attack coming back? why d'ya think, pal? i shat myself last time
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
username hee gaw!! may need to double dip the bystolic tonight
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
i was filling a namenda script and then i forgot what i was doing.
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
if you find that a asthmatic is on a xopenex inhaler chance they're allergic to albuterol....so assess for allergies before administration.
username username label pharmaceutical ptsd flash back since vioxx killed mom indomethacin paralyzed friend etc., or listen/do better
hashtag astronaut: aliskiren reduces all cause death within 12 months in non-diabetics by nearly 20% - aldo maggioni hashtag esccongress2013
new meds, saphris asenapine wafers. anyone have experience? hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag moodstabilizer
username you don't make medications you make poisons. gardasil fosamax januvia proscar propecia hep b vioxx. merck for money. fuck humanity.
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
ventolin moments
effexor is the worst drug in the mother fucking world jesus goooododofasdfosdfosdf
fuck fluoxetine
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
been nil by mouth all day, so no painkillers. they put me on gabapentin for the pain. it works like magic.
username out of remicade, humira now this, cimzia lasts much longer as far as relief goes imo.
username username wish i had, lol! steroids and pregabalin and conspiring against me. s'not fair. x
i think the side effects of tamiflu are worse than having the flu.
fhriaofyhuirewaqrkgbvcmzejajp tecfidera should ship on thursday i can't wait to start the medication i'm so excited guys i'm crying so happy
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
lucid dreams off latuda and his imagination..
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
together tamiflu and i are feeling as though we could conquer the world in the possibly the next week or so.
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
on that note...drowning my sorrows in mutter fucking miralax with hopes this meat lot comes out
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
y'all. i'm trying to eat before i start this metformin tomorrow.
what if bon iver is a reference to boniva skinny love aint just about loss but bone loss in postmenopausal women hyperlink
username i mean i'm all for legalizing i'm just saying taking something legal is easier but i take my vyvanse&amp;smoke weed  hashtag legalize
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
hot hashtag veterinary compound rx orders: pred acetate eye ointmt, ursodiol, buprenorphine 10ml vial oral, cyclosporine eye drops in coconut oil
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
taking steps. insurance. no job. school. pa to manage meds 1/2/month. found psychol. but not covered by ins. ww. gym. lamotrigine. upped mg.
. username somebodies been sunbathing while on cipro...lol
username wow refreshing di antara uas hoho.. have a nice day broh :)
hashtag aquarius: aliskiren did not improve or slow progression of coronary atherosclerosis - stephen nicholls hashtag esccongress2013
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
am i the only person that thinks genovia every time i see the januvia medicine commercial? hashtag yesiworkinkidsbooks hashtag doingthisforawhile
exelon chicago headquarters next summer as a paid intern.
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
username enbrel only useful for arthritis. stills fevers, rashes etc) needs kineret or actemra - insurance is about $ yours vs theirs
username username username username ad uses advair as rescue inhaler.it's her prop.uses it 2 get attention.damage 2 lungs
took seroquel it's not working hashtag bipolarscks
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
tysabri treatment under way username . awesome nurse, trish. hashtag fightingms
multimodal analgesia : intra op ketamine reduces opiod use post op. don't forget pregabalin and start preop if possible hashtag anes2013
looking for legal experts to quote on federal court decision denying exelon purpa rates for hashtag windenergy. anyone?
.@hydrogenblimp username username the best q&amp;a discussion was about how $amgn promotes humira fob while also detailing branded enbrel.
glipizide can cause low bgs, metformin can cause gi distress hashtag unitychats
kate to gp: please can i have a prescription for pregabalin oxynorm. oh and can you sign this form so i can jump out of a plane?!
so i guess i'm starting memantine after my kidney function tests come back
weird i have to take 1500mg of metformin a day now 1000 wasn't lowering my blood sugar enough
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
tamazepam and diclofenac :( bad bad times
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
q: what are the condiments for a cheesesteak? a: hmm. let me think...cheese. that's one. and probably imodium and cellulite.
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
username username did she take cipro levaquin or avelox join us at the senate hc if you did may 9th in d.c. no press 410-483-4876 terry
username if hashtag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
lmao you're on cymbalta. mania away.
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
i can imagine! alaska, wow! username keeping enbrel cold on a 12hr journey....not fun! hashtag alaska2014
username what is he taking? i'm not taking my fluoxetine if he wants some
i just found a flovent hfa coin. i go tom cruise as i walk along the street. i like to just farted and play fonz.
username i used to take something called aciphex which is a prescription but it worked wonders,also tilting you bed so your head is...
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
liquid fluoxitine is the most disgusting substance i have ever tasted
how am i still awake after 500 mg seroquel, an ambien xr, two ativan?
el pollo loco yacoin rhubarb ice did the gun ron paul apprehend stranger pee chicken taquitos for less than advair diskus
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
comparing exubera device to $mnkd device like comparing a chevy to a porsche. mnkd device very well designed.
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
new idea since they dont want to give me latuda standalone: combo!
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
username kids are 13,10. guns and wine locked up. rx= crestor and acid reflux. not worried.
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
rt username open access: hemorrhagic complications after prasugrel (effient) therapy for vascular neurointerventional proc... hyperlink
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
sad i won't have a class with ryleigh or meridia now sad but relieved face those are the only 2 people i know at school weary face
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
hashtag tweetyourweakness nicotine and caffine
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
first run in 2 weeks…. new challenge is to run the hill, yes the camperdown hill! i shall dually prepare wth e cex’s ventolin and whinging
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
just seeing whats occurring on twitter. .while waiting for the quetiapine to kick in.
added lamictal but will take 4 weeks to bring to therp. dose. so, also added latuda for faster results. but, this equals 4 mood stabilizers
username ...the zocor cholesterol pill. zocor is a mrk drug they weren't mentioned. did you mean crestor (az) or lipitor (pfe)?
username so cipro and metronidazole? hashtag twitpyrg
username lol at 1am? hold your imodium close bruh
bad things happen when you confuse your child's flovent with their albuterol for weeks on end. i do not recommend it. hashtag pediatrics
you just don't let me rape you antara monologue wajib bg player game genre moba bila dia 1st blood..
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
i have been sick for two months i am tired i think im going to ok i took my ativan and my latuda so i feel better now
made out with a slice of french silk pie tonight, and chased it with nexium and utter regret. hashtag sorryben
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
the chaser of diclofenac after anarex and lyrica did its work. i can walkabout do things. still pain but ambulant, can liao. dog hungry.
username how do u feel now that u didnt help ur daughter&amp;let her die instead of getting her treatment and pristiq,cymablta?it was ur responsi
woohoo! rx for cipro on the way!
and makeup hair and nails all must be right to travel as really. ast rally astrally. on point aligned stars lining up saphris under tongue
fucking saphris
bitches wanna cheers do motherhood lol nahh bitch my nuvaring gets put in every month lol person gesturing NO
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hashtag highlymedicated hashtag legalizemarijuana
because i'm 17, compose my own beats, lyrically dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine  hashtag tylerthecreator hashtag bastard
username and apparently loperamide can cross the blood brain barrier under exactly the right circumstances. explains the opiate high.
username oxycodone is a semi-synthetic opioid synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. it is a narcotic analgesic.
i think advair makes my skin dry
username username username no i hate focalin and vyvanse
let me get lyrica ready for bed , then i'll tweet
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
i hate it when i forget to eat before taking vyvanse. :|
i'm crazy! gee i wonder why! thats it! i got a whole canister of seroquel xr! i'm going to start throwing them at higher educated people!
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
rt username humira+ metho 5mg&lt; humira + metho 10 = humira + metho 20. hashtag eular2013
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hashtag insomnia
i wanna go to sleep. too late to take seroquel.
amgen issues voluntary recall of aranesp (500 mcg) prefilled syringes outside us - pharmaceutical business review ...
username username username ive chngd frm zonisamide to lacosamide and nt doing the job yet but we will see! so will u. :-)
do not take prolia if you are pregnant guise
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hashtag rheum
username username had a nurse the other day tell me about a care home crushing olanzapine to put in food of dementia patients...
$25 for 90 day supplies includes fda-approved, usa wholesaler generic lipitor, plavix, flomax, lexapro, effexor xr, aricept. 239-658-6123
username out of curiosity, does lyrica suffer from fibromyalgia?
findprescriptionrelief findprescriptionrelief findprescriptionrelief insulin, spiriva, crestor 90day supply anchor anchor pill pill pill pill
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
i can only understand the word celecoxib and im pretty sure he was searching for the medicine.
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hashtag ms
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username levaquin tid? yikes
hashtag rhony that's not an inhaler. that's advair which is a steroid to keep your lungs open. if your blood oxygen is 90 below that's trouble.
username to stay with mr.zometa and play soccer ((;
tiotropium in asthma...respimat better delivery device. use it. hashtag agmconfuk
username username my husband was on dilantin for 18 yrs and lamotrigine for 3. our doctors said a glass of wine wouldn't hurt.
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
username brilinta covered w/o prior auth on 83% of part d plans is not something to brag about. means 17% of rx's will b pain in the ass
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hashtag ineedanallergist
seeing lyrica commercials make me spin into terrible and painful memories. you couldn't pay me to take it ever again.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username that and vyvanse. by ourselves.... hashtag partyanimals
stressssss antara net think atau pos think...
hashtag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
glenmark-msd januvia patent row drags on in court. the infamous tareeq pe tareeq that indian judiciary is known for!
rt username i'm pretty certain that this should be sponsored by zoloft or paxil. hashtag skywire
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
username if you liked it, then you shoulda put a nuvaring on it...
valsartan hct 80/12,5 mg. help! hashtag antihipertensivo hashtag venezuelasinremedios
nicotine and faded dreams. baby, just believe there's no one else like me.
rt username feeling like you should star in the enbrel commercial &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
username username no trials of pregabalin against cfs indexed in medline, so can't say. moderately effective against fibromyalgia, so maybe.
don't even think adderall could keep me awake lately... username im apologizing now if fall asleep at the bar tonight. lol
going to bed equipped with butter menthols, panadol, phenerghen, cough syrup, lemonade, ventolin and tissues - dare to run at me sickness 󾮖󾌮
username does anyone have a lozenge? lol! hashtag comedygala hashtag comedygold
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
username same here sitagliptin is a pain
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
happy for wellbutrin; has similar effects as adderall.. trazodone is super promising for sleep.. but abilify can cause weight gain -_-
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hashtag pcos
my naked grandparents just escaped the fenced in area out back. gonna have to get a bottle of boniva and some bengay to lure them back
whatever unbiass your varenicline
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username wow, thanks for sharing your story. why is cipro still being prescribed??? it is a bad drug :(
username username username username meridea and i almost broke up. so we'll see.
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
username i have two inhalers! symbicort proair. you??
username that was hilarious, i loved the thalidomide and orthopaedic surgery references face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
username faaanks, me either, it's way beyond my brain ability, my lozenge interpenduncular fossa has no idea
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
username state and federal regs prevent nuclear from any type of cost recovery. that is why exelon is initiating these discussions
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
the xarelto commercial pisses me off lol turn left ...i don't think so ooooooh you're such a badass! lol
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hashtag feelsorryformycats
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hashtag trazodone hashtag withdrawls
popping paxil inside with a/c &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; having a breakdown outside under the sun
i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
oxycodone and redds.
username it's fluoxetine or something like that. it's generic for prozac.
cymbalta didn't work? have you tried taping walmart bags to your cats feet?
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hashtag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
i wonder if the pharmacist believes that this prozac prescription is for my dog...
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
username username  boys, have a match tomorrow at 7 am so gots to get but will watch til lunesta kicks in..  hashtag huntfororangeoctober
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
antara benda yg menyakitkan hati is when you cant install any apps from the playstore because of insufficient storage padahal byk lg space
anyone got some miralax for username
rationing my advair because our new health insurance doesn't cover my asthma medication. breathing is way overrated.
$isis transcript of asm. genz is there at kynamro booth.
fun facts: do you know what meds are 4 bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approve combination of hashtag olanzapine hashtag fluoxetine
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
it's humira night! syringe
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
levitra albuterol how much does viagra cost in cvs recreational viagra problems
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
crestor has the dumbest advertisement on television today. celebrating all the side effects for the last 10 seconds of the ad? hashtag sillydrugs
not the unretouchedest metoprolol in the punctiliousness
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
14th floor. oh, yars' revenge. also louie anderson and some indigo imodium ad.
its so hard to believe i've been on hashtag paroxetine for a year already. it has helped a lot with the panic attacks. not so much with depression.
antara game over ato play again -_-  hashtag ooh :|
not suitable for women who may become pregnant so don't take crestor if you plan on getting it on tonight? hashtag cholesterol
username i've been on paxil so long it doesn't even work anymore. see your doctor. do you have one for your meds or just a physician?
levaquin — used to treat anthrax or plague in certain patients.
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
coming up at hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom: case studies of uncertainty - tysabri + anoro ellipta. tune in by webcast; see username for live link.
username this happened to my in laws. was on januvia and byetta for no reason. paying close to 2k out of pocket per year.
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
username now who might possibly want to buy the tysabri royalty from $prgo? hmmm... let me think
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
it ain't love it's just like nicotine..
username username ditto that with keppra and vimpat
username it all might be due to restlessness. hashtag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
are you down with crestor bitch?
pristiq my heart!
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
is anyone on cimzia? any positives or negatives compared to enbrel or humira? please advise. nervous about switching
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
username lol you are the lad i was talking to .... about how shit viox are and yoi and youre friend want to start youre own clan
username i'll have to get out the ventolin inhaler and brave it ahhhhhhh
username just made meaningful typo ('jellies' instead of 'jollies'): kill your jellies, get yr jollies, with sildenafil citrate (v).
seems obvious now you mention it! rt username did you know tysabri is short for ted yednock's antibody?
b12 isn't going to do it when i am already tired.. i need adderall or focalin
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
once again. don't take latuda people... lol
username hmmm i have these pills theyre called trazadone theyre like 100 mg but they work if you want i can give them to you
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
rt username fycompa addresses big unmet need - refractory partial-onset seizures - yet g-ba doesn't recognise additional benefit b…
this bitter lozenge is disgusting how can you even call yourself a lozenge
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
username that's how i am. i've done the shot, the nuvaring and like 4 diff pills. it just destroys my body!
username mississiqoi valley union, where straight a students search for adderall to 'do better' hashtag hypocrite  hashtag smack” yea u caught me
username i started reducing my venlafaxine last week. the lower dose is just starting to take effect. another 5 weeks to go - at least!
ran out of fluoxetine pills.
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
username username i've not heard of that. i'm not sure ventolin works as well now so i might ask about that.
i've seen so much tamiflu these past couple of days i'm not even surprised i'm shivering and experiencing aches right now. *sigh
username 2/2 after starting victoza and had to lower basal also her rapid i:c ratio.
username colonoscopy prep ? i usually just do miralax with gatorade
username u sure know fluoxetine..to my surprise and yours..it was the result of studies on diphenhydramine!.look to the structure of both.
username that miralax though face with tears of joy
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
rt username diabetes drug onglyza and ddp4 inhibitor shown not to reduce cardiovascular risk in large clinical trial hyperlink
username system comes up with wrong vehicle. private plate is registered with dvla. s77trb is a vauxhall antara not toyota.
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
prozac can make it better
i have a bottle of oxycodone i will send to joey harrington if it will calm him down. hashtag applecup hashtag applecup2014
please sleep come -.- two lunesta and 4 hours and nada.  hashtag insomnia
username username username username metformin is bae smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
just imagine how smart the us would be if everyone was required to be on vyvanse or adderall
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
why does meridia speak with a scottish accent? i guess i better go take care of the necrrrrromancers. (never change, oblivion.)
smoking cessaton - better efficacy when varenicline combined with nicotine replacement therapy (patch) vs varenicline alone - jama.
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hashtag viibryd hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag ocd hashtag meds hashtag confusion hashtag agitation hashtag itching
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
username nice!!! i've been on quite a few in the past 8 years. betaseron, cytoxan, tysabri, gilyenia now tecfidera
username nothing wrong with that answer! not remembering is my middle name - neurontin man! that's me.
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
boehringer is convinced it has acted correctly regarding safety of pradaxa hashtag biapc
i also can take the bystolic to slow my heart rate down when they began focusing the beams on my heart..
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
tomorrow instagram is basically gonna be a lunesta commercial.
going to be extra kind to myself today because i start enbrel and while i really hate the idea of injecting myself with immunosuppressants,
i love commercials. my new favourite..the tamiflu commercial alien
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hashtag hopeso hashtag iactuallyslept
ranitadine, co-codamol, ibuprofen, vitamin b tablets, loperamide and multivitamins. that wee cocktail should help my forthcoming hangover.
#90's throwback face with tears of joy  watching boy meets world! sitcoms aren't what they used to be. cory and topanga ring two hearts and lunesta is great.. hashtag seepynaptaim zzz
redwood valley vineyards entangles you-know-you-want-it almond elements and a burnt albuterol essence in their 1990 cabernet sauvignon. hashtag as
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
oh, quetiapine, i love thee hashtag passingout
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
username username azithromycin, levofloxacin linked to increased risks for arrhythmia and mortality compared with amoxicillin
dude i love meridia
adderall to stay focused, xanax to take the edge off, and lipitor... well, because i'll probably die without it. hashtag tahabelfort
username feel free 2 send sum lunesta here person raising hand  hashtag its4oclockindamornin hashtag convogotboring hashtag theydonthavezzzquilhere hashtag ifinishedallofmine loudly crying face broken heart
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
bewildered lemon grass risk splatter ashley with reeky fartin. a enbrel multiple great britain go pooing bag of mayonnaise. cacti
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
rt username another trial flop for astrazeneca as onglyza fails cardio study. (bristol loses too). $1b dreams go poof. hyperlink
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hashtag postopprobs hashtag painmeds hashtag crazydreams
thankfully my nan turned down the thalidomide pill in the 60's
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
cymbalta can ////not//// help
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
username but vioxx, actos and avandia are good for you!
at any given night i'll still pop that ass like a prozac.
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
username my brand-name crestor went up $23 this month. why?
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
username username ie. xanax gabapentin or pregabalin both work directly via gaba receptors but literally have opposite effects on me
username thank you for going after big pharma for manufacturer of oxycodone oxycontin. im a nurse, i've seen enough misery
username well i'd guess you'd be in belle viox too if i am
white girl on suboxone , latina girl like that oxy , black girl like molly but tonight she blowin roxy
my last pt is hypothyroid as fuck and she hasn't filled her synthroid since june. hashtag smdh
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
tug you can only nfl: ravens horse ebooks good at the dalai lama. diarrhea kleenexes advair diskus anthrax malaria tingling ink
username username pts cannot pronounce metoprolol
rt username username halls. totally losing my voice and need a lozenge. haha.
mek yuh hook pon mi love like it ah nicotine
$abio forecasting gencaro to overtake metoprolol market worth 1+ billion. metoprolol is top 50 prescription in usa. hashtag lifestyle hashtag rich hashtag money
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hashtag gottakillmetosaveme :s
username sure ,i know grinning face with big eyes he's name is jack crestor
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
or psychiatric help. yeah the latter is better. life can't cure crazy. olanzapine, quetiapine, risperidone aripiprazole might help. might.
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
and i was reading her wrong especially with that geodon med in my body. i'm going to do my best to help my mom achieve that.
no. i really don't think having a vagina is gonna work out. fuck off with all that.bitch tryin to get suboxone for free apparently. not ok.
username username imodium stops diarrhea! poor leaf has the poops!
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
username like how am i not cymbalta's new poster child?” face with tears of joy
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
6 months intensive therapy using pyrazinamide, ethambutol, kanamycin, levofloxacin, etionamide, cycloserin
username you know it smirking face hmmm i guess i will order you some boniva to off set the osteoporosis  old woman  tired face face with tears of joy
rt username is it hot in here or am i just depressed? fda just approved an antidepressant--paxil-- for hot flashes. see my story: …
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
username no he said that venlafaxine and mirtazapine work well together,we shall see!!
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
if you don't take adderall during finals week are you even a college student
username no loperamide hydrochloride, i use to take 8 a day and now i'm trying to wean myself off them gradually
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hashtag gottakillmetosaveme :s
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
via username defendants seek dismissal of nexium case: username username settled prilosec based on merits of case.
like, my bitch ass could be in a lunesta or zzzquil commercial with the way i wake up.
latuda i belive that i will one i will have some where in the contry cent we are 3 years from owning and are already making lot payments out
pushrod lozenge. it doesn't get any motorsport dorkier than that. my new favourite geek term. thank username hyperlink
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
only the act can make a vyvanse feel like it has stop working after the 2nd section hashtag brainsdead
username username my results were negative said they seen a lot of negative w/ flu mocking symptoms but no tamiflu
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
does anyone have info on the hashtag ms drug hashtag tysabri the condition hashtag pml? any options if tysabri stops working or causes problems?
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
why is the pristiq commercial only women?
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hashtag willpower
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
username suboxone fiend?
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
i have officially lost 1 stone since commencing on victoza! hashtag win
username username its medicine. oxycontin, prozac prescriptions are killing people. legalize and tax it like alcohol.
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
no difference in pancreatitis or pancreatic cancer with saxagliptin or placebo in hashtag savor-timi 53 - dl bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
found some nexium in my scrub pocket. anybody suffer from gerd? i gotchu.
does lamictal affect blood sugar levels?
rt username username even w/ humira: ab pain, cramps,nausea,vomitting, skin&amp;joint problems, ulcers in mouth&amp;fatique hashtag uclaibdnurses2013
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
username alvesco is the reason for the teardrops on my guitar
.@nickhook 'k-hole (candyflip remix)' free dl w/ your purchase of vioxx
so i just learned about paula dean. i hope victoza drops her... that way people will quite telling me she's the reason there copays went up.
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
username username wikileaks also said that abdullah takes lots of vigra ( sildenafil ) to lift his little charlie brown
i'm getting put on olanzapine medication, does anybody know what they're for ??
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
username when i see my doctor in a few days, i'll tell her about my side effects... she may lower my nebivolol (the beta blocker).
throat's being a bitch and not a single lozenge in sight
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hashtag anygood?
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
rt username expecting increased concerns from patients on hashtag victoza hashtag byetta hashtag januvia following hashtag dispatches on username tonight.  …
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
did i just see murphy in a nexium commercial??? username username hashtag znation hashtag znado
the most adorable thing on tv is the spiriva elephant. and everyone is a total dick to it. hashtag jerks
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
gonna watch the programme on thalidomide and count it as biology revision
how anybody follows that nikola bonova is beyond me. she is an absolute horror. and tweets as if she's beyonce. total weapon pistol
username er doc tried to give approval so i can get my xarelto for blood clot, but can't because no one is open. not cool.
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
hashtag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
nebivolol is a b3 receptor agonist. it is the only b-blocker that enhances insulin sensitivity. it also releases endothelial no.
username i think i finally found something better than lunesta to help me fall asleep thru the pain,watch a couple innings of baseball. lol
username drugs like vioxx are approved with rct's. anecdotes from doctors reported increased heart attack risk in patients.
prozac can go down the drain
i don't think i'll be taking symbicort
$jnj $bayry rt username hashtag fda rejects xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in pts w/ acute coronary syndrome hashtag pharma
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hashtag crps hashtag fml
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
resident wanted to put pt on paroxetine, hubby told her paxil would be better. she didn't seem to realize they were the same thing. hashtag smh
uh oh! humira is not a leader? your thoughts? hashtag teamhumira hashtag bethebosscanada
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
its been a long time since i had a girls night out...me and tammy viox is going to get our 80's hair on with aerosmith tonight!
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
scared of my hashtag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hashtag crohns hashtag ra hashtag help
username username username username haha no bothers ttyl ella two hearts smiling face with smiling eyes see you are good at socialising haha OK hand OK hand
read an article on thalidomide today. it's ironic it was made in germany post ww2.
username the drug vioxx killed over 100k patients! fda person said well thats the price u pay to get a good drug on market!
news: sept to see new comp in aussie hypertension market with listing of username opsumit and 1st generics for micardis and diovan
rt username username because im 17, compose my own beats. lyrically im dope enough to assfuck the dude who made nicotine”who tf is
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
what are the hashtag sideeffects of lamotrigine? hyperlink hashtag drug
username username what are effects inhaled doxycycline(does tiotropium device work with it?)or ingesting tiotropium?agree danger sim.
welcome the 2005 zinfandel from bird glen winery entangles sleep-inducing mesquite elements with a intense albuterol aftertaste. ولمن
i'va taken fluoxetine tablets, paracetmol, hayfever tablets and sleeping tablets i feel like a druggy
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hashtag crohns
suboxone got me fucked up.
username for a while, my gabapentin pills were uncoated and extra-chalky. i perfected the art of tossing them into my throat.
...and possession of class suboxone and codeine. he could have ditched them during the 4 hours he was hiding in the woods, but nah hashtag milford
username i'm not supposed to eat it now because of the acid issues, but screw that, i double down on the aciphex and takes my chances :)
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
username dear god - do we ban asthmatics next? first efags then ventolin users puffing away... username
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
so i had a patient coming in to tell me that a brand of sildenafil is crap... felt kind of sorry for the poor chap
hashtag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
and ventolin username salbutamol is my only friend
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
i'll just pop some trazodone pill pill sleeping face
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
reduced bone resorption with less effect on bone formation with mk0674 versus to alendronate and denosumab. preclinical research at hashtag asbmr14
somebody please get her a throat lozenge.
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
taking that vyvanse was a mistake jfc
rt username pbs listing 'imminent' for novel oral anticoagulants dabigatran (pradaxa) and rivaroxaban (xarelto) hyperlink
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
username you're going on tour? i hope you bring your walker and your boniva you old b**** . wish i could go but i just lost my dad, i'm broke
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
username aviva is using advair for emergency asthma treatment? uh lol you can't do that.
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
man i aint trying to hangout with that nuvaring
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
rt username pregabalin and duloxetine are approved by the u.s. food and drug administration for the treatment of fibromyalgia.
ariana grande has no ponytail and no quinceañera dress? finally! she still needs some imodium for all these runs she's singing though. hashtag amas
this seroquel got me sleepy
the guy i bought my car off left a bottle of temazepam and a pencil case in the glovebox
according to dea, buprenorphine (suboxone) is the only opiate authorized to treat addiction and the md needs a separate permit to write it.
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
beatty development has aggressive time table for the project. wants to deliver at the same time as the exelon energy corp. hq
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
username same. unless it happens accidentally. that's why i always carry imodium
username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...nope
live tweeting my dose of asenapine malleate
i found my nexium while cleaning my room smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
i'm really, really putting off taking my first dose of quetiapine... *sigh*
username hey is that you in that nexium commercial? trying to settle an argument. btw z nation rules youre the best thing about it
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hashtag notgrooy
username username username sure crestor sensit genetic. even my right of gangis khan cardio raved about how he suffers in silence.
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
username im tapering off suboxone right now. your videos have helped me so much. thank u, you're a blessing in this world of addiction.
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
i feel like a baby could fit through that. username biggest nuvaring i've ever seen hyperlink
not a wwdc announcement is the prozac again. celebrating birthday my hope in that was also knows way to!
username is this the advair inhaler? if so i think we can state the allergy assertion seems likely
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hashtag headache
username loperamide :) branded ha :) yung color green
username closest thing was something called reductil :) but in the states it's adderall
been to the doctors - really lovely gp! have increased the gabapentin and prescribed co-codamol for the pain and cinnarizine for dizziness
multiple strengths trade mark group meeting - november 21, 12:45pm 'all about avonex, tysabri, tecfidera - st. clare's - dover general - dover, nj
username ugh. so they dont think it was just the namenda? honestly doesnt surprise me, sucks, but many of us have pots too
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
waiting for supplemental eu approval decisions this weekend on prolia for osteoporosis/penia, gilenya for ms, and gardasil for hpv
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hashtag diabetes
username i want to get diclofenac patches. i was on it for so long...doesn't help with pain for me as much, but it's great for inflammation
living on a diet of fluoxetine and cigarettes
diclofenac is a miracle drug for me. it works on joint pain like nothing else. i might actually sleep well. here's hoping.
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
10th floor. oh, city lights. also gerard pique and some fruit-flavored imodium ad.
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
i wonder if loperamide would resolve this congestion
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
username oh okay, i think you have to start tamiflu within the first 2 days. at least it's already on the downward slope tho! good!!
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hashtag pcos
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
okay, one last final final hashtag tysabri infusion, lol. i love my neuro; he's adorbs. hashtag msandlife
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hashtag withdrawal hashtag trazodone hashtag omgicantwait hashtag help
humira, because cancer is better than arthritis.
i don't need advair no more. but, 300 dollars, really? you got to be fucking kidding me. gov are a bunch of crooks! bastards
username along the lines of treatments for rh. similar to embrel or lyrica  don't know why there would be unmarked pills
username username username username u hv to take yr asprin n metoprolol in time as scheduled by doc!careful.
combine nicotine replacement therapy and varenicline for smoking cessation read in the august edition of rehab in review
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
ought subliminal self managing director in favor of the er lozenge a doctor labor room?
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
back to the vyvanse grind tomorrow hashtag summerschool
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
aku antara sport science student yg not acting like sport science student.
crazy bitch... u missed your dose of latuda today didn't you?
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
username username username so the specificity is different. tysabri could be used in gut since alpha4beta1 also imp there
not sure the paxil is working any more
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
username umm take an adderall clams you the fuck down!
tell your doctor if you experiment suicidal thoughts after taking venlafaxine. wait, isn't that the reason why i started taking this shit?
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
username username yes no amount if imodium could persuade dwp onto the programme!!
graph shows that resistance to cefixime also increased resistance to ciprofloxacin
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hashtag teamnosleep
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
i'm back on fluoxetine again (anti-depressants and anti- anxiety stuff), which is really good because this is my first step to recovery
how effective is gabapentin for treating neuropathic pain? hashtag clinicalquery hashtag meded
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hashtag badass hashtag sick hashtag withdraws hashtag sicksicksick
new concerns over byetta and januvia underscore the value of older and cheaper diabetes drugs
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hashtag jraproblems username
username price action last 2 days not good but i'll add. not sure why u a comparing to zelnorm which has been recalled due to cardiac events
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
username just so we get that clear this time before you all forget and put viox or tsr in your tag. i'm not fooled
username i'm still taking the effexor, but i take that usually around 7 p.m. and it's still 1 to 2 a.m. sometimes before i cool off enuf.
imodium ad ulcer people whom he
either way, had to take the strong brainkillers as i missed at least 2 doses of pregabalin
no sign tamiflu works well to stop flu outbreaks: study - marketwatch
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
username the title says tiotropium but they actually talk about another drug in the paragraph
do you know what medications are r for mania? currently hashtag fda approved: hashtag quetiapine aka hashtag seroquel
my mind been much better the last few days had bad negative emotions glad i changed from fluoxetine to something else.
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
tonight on spongebob squarepants: agnez mo drinks milk in front of imodium ad; drizzy carves house
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hashtag psoriasis
username trazodone! sleep juice! and weed! combined with monster and alcohol! and i;m lterally getting my sock nocked ff as we speak!!!
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
gonna dvr username and the hashtag cmas been a long, sad day. my bed and a lunesta are calling my name.
stockpiles of roche tamiflu drug are waste of money, review finds
i forgot i put one of my ventolin canisters in my bra to go to lunch w/o a bag. now it's too warm to use. this is why dresses need pockets!
and remicade's always there as a backup in case the humira doesn't work. hashtag crohns hashtag biologics hashtag decisions
take ciprofloxacin and diclofenac twice daily (again).. i hate this disease.
username the doctor told me to take tamiflu for the five days and then i would be ok to be around people.
i'm still confused about why that doctor yesterday was so annoyed that my re prescribed metformin and ob prescribed synthroid?
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
i could slip sean connery sildenafil any day. so hot. if i like older men, shouldn't that be hashtag pappyissues ? hashtag gdilf hashtag gpilf hashtag gfilf
my teacher is mr. barney. he is flovent hfa. i have malaria, i better take a couple of lemons. a group of worms is called a bill laimbeer.
username fenfluramine is not lorcaserin/belviq.  lorcaserin targets the brain receptor unlike fenfluramine which hit heart receptors.
username hashtag starsignfacts: cancer tends to be extremely moody.” . . . i obviously need some prozac or better dick in my life. hashtag happiness
$bmy 11:08 am bristol-myers and pfizer: in a subanalysis, eliquis (apixaban) reduced the risk of stroke and demonstrated fewer major...
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
does anyone on hashtag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
username my doc may switch me to tysabri in october after my mri in august or september
username username aren't they already amazingly good at making them switch 3x weekly copaxone launch beating tecfidera launch?$teva
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
lemsip is the vilest medication ever, except maybe liquid fluoxetine hashtag fullofcold
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
username after doing camp in edo state, i can confirm that i synthesise imodium naturally.
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
username we're suddenly short of levaquin 750mg tablets
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
woloshin - disclaimer, media analysis of tysabri is very new data, so still needs more analysis. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
jus realized. riveroxaban and apixaban ban xa and therefore are direct xa inhibitors! hashtag naplex
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
remember low dose ics is as follows - beclomethasone &lt;=250, budesonide &lt;=400, fluticasone &lt;=250, ciclesonide &lt;=200, mometasone &lt;=200
public warning crestor a prescription drug given to people for blood presure is poison it causes cancer .
username no way really!? thanks for letting us all know! you are a great person james henry viox v!
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hashtag effexor
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hashtag anygood?
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
wondering y i felt super hi, remembered i had to take an oxybutynin
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
username hi adam *waves* i'm about 20 rows back. and i have ventolin lol
prescription drug commercials trip me out...you may want to kill yourself, but your foot will feel better. try lyrica today.
i feel na i need low dose of memantine. haha
ahhahahaha 7th grade username username made a cymbalta can help commercial
july 10, when we watched the budget, nppa brought in a long list of drugs under dpco ! amaryl, januvia, crestor and many more prices capped.
he learned how to give me my humira shot wuth the training kit lol
maybe it's time for fluoxetine.
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
going to m&amp;ds the morra. preparing myself already. i've took 14 imodium and packed my arse with papier mache. hyperlink
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
username username 300mg quetiapine once before bed. you'll be right as rain. you take care of yourself, dear.
username username username username username prednisolone and clarithromycin. plus symbicort inhaler (blue brown in one)
username lmaoo username guys,i'm not breathing wellu need ventolin ?
username hashtag brisbon knew he had illegal oxycodone pills.just give up! your caught! why run, struggle, fight wth a police officer 2 get shot.
username lyrica pregabalin is described chemically as (s)-3-(aminomethyl)-5-methylhexanoic acid the molecular formula is c8h17no2 cost
i think i would like to make a hi stranger campaign to mengeratkan silatutrahim antara manusia hahaha..
i want today to be great i just popped a vyvanse and so far its alright.
men who smoke tend to have a more difficult time maintaining an erection because nicotine blocks and clogs blood veins.
memorycoin in half nita thalia bam is a fart. cryptogenicbullion spiriva art my bunghole! margaret wang a headache china grill
username i don't have statuses or pictures or nicotine so i'm just annoyance to her daily life anyways.
username avonex here (~7 years), with some relatives on tysabri and betaseron
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hashtag trazodone hashtag withdrawls
username username imodium kid.. always works a treat thumbs up
ritalin seems to be working fairly decent for me. saphris however seems too strong tastes bad. hashtag new meds
symbicort should be for people, not the cartoon wolves in this commercial. haven't they done enough damage blowing pigs' houses down??
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
2 oxycontin + 4 temazepam + 15 endone + 5 cones = trip to emergency. oh and don't complain your canula hurts hashtag fuckwit hashtag charge$forpublichelth
tip to all: twerking is easier on adderall
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
some couples do sexy massage at bedtime. username gets to slather me in diclofenac gel and slap a heat pad on me hashtag saucy
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hashtag vyvanse
tara sullivan westermark starting tecfidera tom. nervous!!!
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hashtag cipro…
username username username hahaha!!! the suboxone ad for her classier self face with tears of joy squinting face with tongue
lol when strung out guys come up to you at the gas station and try to sell you their vyvanse script hahahha not interested bro username
12:55 pm wsyx showed the xarelto ad w/the kind couple who travel with their dog. he's part of the family. it's so nice.
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
vyvanse and seroquel hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
your coloring book club called. they need you to eat a few undesirable crayons and splatter paint another miralax master piece to worship.
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
username i just finished changing meds from vimpat to zonegran for my ep and the gradual changes made pillboxie invaluable but the/
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hashtag cipro
username but didn't because apparently it interacts with lamotrigine i'm on. weird.
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
sucampo to earn extra $49m as takeda gets worldwide rights (excluding japan china) to amitiza (constipation)
the lunesta looney looney bugs bunny movie hashtag medicineamovie
baclofen, tramadol, marijuana, and alcohol. what a combination.
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
username esomeprazole has imidazole ring, same as caffeinate and alprozolam, likely similar receptors involved
the only thing that would make pizza hut more successful is if they offered imodium ad as a soft drink, and toilet paper instead of napkins.
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
username username username incredible 50 year story of all the thalidomide survivors, their families and their supporters
username co-codamol and diclofenac work pretty well.
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
username nexium bro.... it's a fucking miracle cure
username that's actually great progress for one day! the first half of maridia is a bit of a slog but the second is one of my favourite areas
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
so a pregnant woman addicted to heroin went to the hospital to get help. they were giving her suboxone then a new dr came and refused.
username can i take that with prozac? i'm bipolar
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
first day of prozac...
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
username ah i see. one day off the advair and im in bad shape confounded face at least youve figured out ways to control the flare ups! feel better!
username i am switching from enbrel to remivade for pa and as
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
latuda is a medication for bipolar/depression. it sounds like a medication to help you toot. i can't stop giggling. not the effect they want
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hashtag scottsgiving
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
username lol.. well take some lunesta or ambien or something, cause you definitely need some rest
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
the laxative miralax causes kidney failure.
i need some fluoxetine in my life.
and last year me and mannie had niggas stuck on adderall
so far, magnesium citrate, coq10, and memantine have made fibromyalgia actually bearable. little pain, greatly reduced fatigue, better sleep
i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
i wonder if the makers of januvia ever saw the princess diaries.
the thalidomide story if crazy fair play to david shaw who never gave up campaigning
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
i'm rolling with my becotide and ventolin inhalers today... hashtag prettyflyforawhiteguy
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
rcp 3 questions, saba 200 doses of ventolin per year markers of control
hashtag stics trial: no effect of rosuvastatin on icu stay or time to hospital discharge - barbara casadei hashtag esccongress
username should denosumab or teriparitide be used for osteoporosis in renal failure ?
my mom condones me selling her oxycontin pills and my sisters adderall hashtag iamtheplug
username username prayer can't help you now... you ate it! lol imodium is your only hope.
username the bad musician mentions thalidomide so i will mention him when you mention thalidomide! also listen to it don't watch it
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
need ventolin
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
she announced she had type 2 diabetes on the day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza and a lucrative collaboration with the manufacturer
latuda doosen lol
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
username make sure you get your hands on some prozac first.
username seeing lots of pregabalin being used for periop acute pain (&amp; anxiety) mx. esp ortho surg. any merit in this?
username i am on my 6th biologic! i have been on enbrel, humira, remicade, cimzia, actemra, and now orencia. i hope humira is ur magic one!
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
i nominate username for the hashtag miralaxchallebge. 2 cups miralax to bring awareness to prostate cancer.
my new flovent inhaler ventilator sounds like a harmonica face with tears of joy
username … thalidomide being the most well known example of this. sorry i rambled on, i just love chemistry!
username why would we trust those who only make $$ when we're sick? follow the profit motive. merck killed with vioxx and now gardasil
username my son was fortunate to find a great suboxone clinic. ask the questions to find the right resources. mm
username username that's not good... casts some doubts on whether mylotarg benefit in flt3-itd amls will be long term :-(
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
username thank you meridia
username yesterday was symbicort preventer, bricanyl reliever, ventolin in a nebuliser, and prednisone tablets.
have been on saphris past week............ am i suppose to feel abnormal normal?
you need imodium beaming face with smiling eyes @khanyiekay: four months, two phones in the toilet -___- i need a waterproof phone!
username much at night... let's the brain slow down some... (i take zoloft for my anxiety and desyrl and restoril at night)
gremey travel companion is stephen idea of serving larry the goofy's bounce house b.o. indy 500 habitat diagnosed with aranesp
thanks for the suggestions twitter. im on pregabalin (currently titrating dose up). will ask about bisphosphonate...
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
trazodone time
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
now showing exubera and lung cancer $mnkd is not exubera completely different wtf
username username i take that, on max dose now, 2550mgs a day, also gliclazide. i've just started sitagliptin 4 weeks ago :( too
i really cannot stand darvin face with tears of joy unamused face
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hashtag txfreestyle hashtag barrdout
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
username i have an appointment with a specialist this month. i'm off the paxil but still using xanx occasionally.
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
hashtag caverta sildenafil citrate tablets. discount prescription drugs. caverta tablets treat erectile dysfunction men hyperlink
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
long term follow-up of a phase iii lamotrigine/capecitabine trial
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
liraglutide vs exenatide: patient adherence, medication persistence and economic evaluation in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus
username i meant thanks for your tweet re: dabigatran models article:)
08.59 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. a doctor will 'phone me back about lunchtime. i'm minded to take myself off rvrxbn as side effects worsen.
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
username try loperamide to bind it up whike flagyl treats it. take a dose aftee every movement. don't eat. ndo
i'm so glad my insurance won't cover my armour but will cover synthroid completely. beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
anybody know what a buzzy bee is for enbrel shots??? let us know. we want to know what it is and if it works. thanks!
rt username today's journal club: quetiapine reduces icu delirium in small db rct. important as little/no other evidence exits: hyperlink
username i should! i have nuvaring so i just have to change it once a month, but i still forget! haha
username hashtag wenurses our resp specialist nurses work alongside pns within surgery copd clinics on a monthly basis-fantastic results
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
don't take victoza if you are scared of shitty acid doses, or  hashtag supercalifragilisticexpialidocious hashtag scarysocial
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
got the plug on lunesta who tryna get a full nites sleep??
next big catalyst for $nvo, $lly dula vs victoza award-6 data early '14, 0.4% non-inferiority margin
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
iono what id do without trazodone..
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hashtag core
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hashtag fatkidprobs hashtag hangry
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial. hashtag ad4
wasn't latuda the name of an alien in hashtag starwars ?
who the bloody hell steals ampules of levalbuterol from a pediatric ward?? come on people!
username next line after nevirapine and efavirenz hehe. username
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
combination therapy with teriparetide in osteoposis - yes with denosumab or zol, no with alendronate. via ralston at hashtag eular2013
marijuana hashish lsd dmt psilocybin alcohol cocaine adderall xanax oxycontin vicodin promethazine nitrous oxide
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
yay! cymbalta is making me numb again.
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
so i finally have my 1st infusion of hashtag tysabri set for nxt fri. so i'm supposed to suffer until it kicks in? this relapse is relentless. persevering face
when i'm on my adderall everything has to be about school, or facts, or some smart shit and i get weird lol
kinda wish i wouldah not mixed the molly n adderall capsules up hashtag opps hashtag damn hashtag imjustryinntopartyyyyyy hashtag butimfuckup
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
depression hurts and cymbalta can't help a real nigga
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hashtag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
exelon and 3m set participation goals for in-house hashtag probono - cpbo challenge, 50 percent. hashtag lsc40
the action of ventolin is: a) bronchospasm b) vasoconstriction c) vasodilatation d) bronchodilation  hashtag abdalla
victoza is insulin used by diabetics.... you eat like paula you get diabetes like paula...
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
well played tysabri...kicking butt hashtag nosleep.
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
username username username when home. i'm on like my 100thmg of addy 50mg vyvanse in less than 48. im out of it
oxycodone oxymorphone hydromorphone hydrocodone morphine codeine buprenorphine fentanyl methadone heroin are opioids hashtag mdopc
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
pfizer's 10-year-old leukemia drug mylotarg increases the chance of a african american male that makes it accessible and appealing to the
crestor god- help me to trust you and worship in everything, for everything. amen! hashtag prayer
username but, $7 after tax for my ventolin and my antibiotic...not about to start complaining about that either though. lol
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
so much nuvaring slander
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
lunesta in hand: good night to a great weekend
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
the sinister secret of lipitor, crestor and zocor i got an e-mail.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
weight loss surgery helped me get off the insulin pump on meds. now back on injections of victoza as well as diabetes pills. hashtag diabetes
rt username niacin, vyvanse, advil, sleeping pills, repeat. hashtag druggedup
except the adderall isn't kicking in so i'm still dead
username we gave him oxycontin with oxycodone for breakthrough. plus the guy is a chronic alcoholic x3
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hashtag tolerance hashtag fml
addicted to nicotine badly.
username donate username username username rna virus hashtag ebola try oseltamivir for secondary warm contacts .risk/benefit favorable
username where would we be if no one questioned the safety of thalidomide or vioxx?
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
hashtag huntforthelabyrinthkiller shelly daddyjudge needs 2 be on axona namenda 4 that early oletimers he got
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
21.43 day 25 rivaroxaban diary. think all rvxbn nowq out of my body but losartan (last 25mg tablet taken 4 days ago) remains. still aching.
instead of doing my english research paper, i'm researching the difference on focalin adderall face with tears of joy
just saw an 18 year old indian boy pick up januvia and diamicron !!! hashtag poorguy hashtag soyoung fearful face pensive face
username i'm campaigning trying to raise awareness for copd as well as trying to raise funds for my specialist hospitals.
today a patient came in and said, my doc says i need miralax and a fleet enema...where is that? so i show her
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
rt@democritusjnr: rtlafulegebyqed: rizzo winery combines toasty albuterol overtones and a melancholy coffee perfume in their 2012 zinfand...
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
rt username studies reinforce invokana(tm) (canagliflozin) (300mg) provides greater improvements in blood glucose than sit... hyperlink
patient with hashtag psoriatic arthritis who ran 10k in 37 minutes. i might just go on enbrel myself... username
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hashtag tryagain
username clonidine is anti-anxiety chill pill. luvox is a ssri antidepressant. saphris is an antipsychotic.
when you find a lunesta sample in your drug drawer &gt;&gt;&gt;
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
sally looks amazing!!!!!! boniva does the body good!!!
deep in the dawn i discovered myself tripping on paxil and flonase
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
username username username username username username i take a low dose of pregabalin but my arms and back are making me
bayer says xarelto and eylea drugs near peak sales in 5-6 yrs
i read this in tysabri room when i was there it is not always necessary to be strong, but it is vital to feel strong
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
i've been on enbrel for nearly a year now, yet i'm still afraid to inject it. flushed face syringe
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
username it's all about the long view, right? humira has side effects for a few days, but totally worth it!
antara fantalk dan fangirl xd
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hashtag notgrooy
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats, lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
ah yes communion wafers (mea culpa etc) rt username q2 big arse metformin tablets. i hate taking a lot of them at once!!! hashtag ozdoc
username i am on keppra as well 3000mg a day. and now they want too switch me too lamictal but i'm unsure cause keppra is working
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
the blf is holding a copd twitter chat with the association of respiratory nurse specialists at 20:00 on world copd day tomorrow hashtag livecopd
just watched a commercial for xarelto and the last side effect was rarely death ... don't think i wanna take my chances lol
bout to spike my parents tea with lunesta if they dont go to bed soon! unamused face
username i'm good but i'm on hashtag ronwatch bloody boss wouldn't let me take methodone home for him so we're on buprenorphine for the night.
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
rt username even before the conf started there was a big buzz abt a study showing triple drug comparable to mtx + etanercept hashtag rheum
username got the chills watching an apixaban commercial
tip have a little upset stomach kit packed: antacids, pepto, imodium ... you just never know. hashtag travelskills
i got confused with temazepam and twitter ... twittezepam the new hashtag drug of choice for hashtag sleep hashtag twitter hashtag sydney hashtag gay
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hashtag govthealthcare
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
username username lcz696 seems to be better than valsartan too!!! hashtag esccongress
mylan launches risedronate sodium tablets usp, 150 mgmylan inc. today announced that it has launched risedronate sodium tablets usp, 150 mg
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
elder people with dimetia taking latuda have a higher chance of death, or organ failure
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
username want to join viox
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
carbamazepine, phenytoin, gabapentin, pregabalin can exacerbate generalized seizure syndromes.
crestor commercials are so annoying
username maybe some memantine too :(
trying to figure out the name of the medicine from the depression hurts commercial. i said lunesta. josh said abreva. turns out its cymbalta
hashtag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
these aids are shaped growth regarding nicotine herbivority gum/lozenges, inhalers, sprays conjunction patches,:
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
hashtag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
aciphex is the worst-named drug ever. unless it is a hemorrhoid cream or something.
in the savor-timi 53 trial, saxagliptin was associated with a significant 27% increased risk for hospitalizations for heart failure
tiotropium now licensed for asthma as well as hashtag copd hashtag rcgpac
for those following the progress of my artplague chest infection, using less ventolin and breathing a lot easier! the power of hashtag cheektocheek
suboxone looks like a dope drug for withdrawal.
damn meridia subtweeting already hashtag likeiwasntgonnaseethatshit lol good looks tho
as effective as enbrel is on my hashtag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
there are 3 new oral medications for ms. gilenya seems slightly more effective than tecfidera or aubagio
username the drug known for causing hemorrhagic cystitis is? hashtag medquizciprofloxacin
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
mom dont even know what medications i take like cmon get ur act together mom i took symbicort years ago i use ventolins and epinephrine now
bitch, take some cymbalta and quit putting your problems on facebook. hashtag subtweet
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hashtag prozac
see $eln bidding on cash update and tysabri valuation reuters1714
royalty pharma hikes hostile hashtag elan offer to usd 13 per share- as predicted. and adds a usd 2.50 tysabri cvr. game changer?
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
username username what meds do you take? since being tapered off paxil, i have been on latuda but now tapering off for abilify.
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
play me the eliquis commercial and i will laugh every time without fail
they really should just put the imodium directly into the mexican food.
prozac.. love you friends :d hyperlink
apixaban - pt is even more unreliable than for rivaroxaban. hashtag asra14
hashtag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
username deny all u want but belviq is a chemical cousin of fenfluramine, the old weight-loss drug pulled off the market
username it's interesting how they've just launched this now the lamotrigine has been out in the uk 4 a few yrs now cause i was on it!!
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
username username username i think rns should have ability to geodon anyone w/o md order - sort of like giving a blanket w/o an order
username i get mine in the czech rep. less than 5 yoyo for symbicort and ventolin. the way it should be. 85 at home for symbicort. hashtag pricey
side effects of levaquin, cipro may increase risk of kidney injuries: study hashtag news hashtag warningsandstudies hashtag antibiotics
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hashtag lamictal hashtag bipolar
roll thru with the nuvaring
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
04.40 just taken flecainide and 2 paracetamol to dull pain side effect of rivaroxaban.
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
username username cite it! they can't make a wide monitoring claim for non-specific tests. no specific test exists for pradaxa
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
nicotine causes 6 million deaths per year.... why on earth would anyone smoke cigarettes
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
you break your ribs twice and next thing you know your popping once a month boniva like hashtag sallyfield hashtag brittlebetty hashtag gboyproblems
username i teach them to love everyone, but understand what our crestor intended. tough love is difficult without god
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
latuda : medication or some form of juicy flatulence?
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
kv diary 4/25/14 7:30pm 116 1/2 lbs 6 crackers, 1 slice cantaloupe, chocolate candy 1 pristiq 12 hrs since last cry
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
username username extending that to drugs such as methadone and, particularly, buprenorphine would be most helpful.
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
tim, was born in meridia spain, 10/31/1969
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
yeah, i'm sure drinking a glass of milk, that you are allergic to, is better than taking your boniva - awesome
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy-the same chemical found in prozac” go eat a banana username
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
username xanax suboxone are turrable drugs don't be doin dat
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
proposed changes to nhs availability of erectile dysfunction treatments changing prescribing restrictions for generic sildenafil here:...
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
rheumatoid arthritis is like having cancer without the ability to beat it or the relief of death. hashtag ra hashtag rheumatoid hashtag arthritis hashtag humira hashtag nocure
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hashtag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
via username judge in upcoming nexium trial refuses to bar two plaintiffs' experts.
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
fuck you effexor.
this unders is going to make me run to the store and get nexium
fucking vimpat can go fuck it's fucking self. i fucking hate you fucking epilepsy.
i'm such a happier person when i take vyvanse smiling face with smiling eyes
username chain smokin nicotine say fuck a fast deal
#7 tomar. chrtr dfects be damned, still there 4 sure. dem peeps r long gone neway, im fighting air memories. viibryd was suggested 4 fri.
please please no tobacco. no nicotine .n yess no smoking  !
somebody took his extra strength imodium today. username hashtag magicswizzle hashtag gng hashtag grizzlies
the victoza commercial needs to not.
hollow sunshine hobonickels udon poo monkey blow advair diskus same make same model def. j.k. erase chicken broth autopia
pfizer bmy are applying for approval to use eliquis for treating venous thromboembolism vte.
username why the lockdown? did they mistake sally's boneva for a bomb?
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
drugnews: court records show rising lawsuits for pradaxa as additional... 502
correct! username username username username a7: rosuvastatin 20 mg is an example of a high intensity statin hashtag imconf hashtag foamed
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
the dude bob on the username xarelto commercial is creepy. his whole driving in the truck, not today thing weirds me out.
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hashtag paroxetine hashtag anxiety hashtag fedup
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
health canada and the us food and drug administration (fda) have approved pregabalin for the management of fibromyalgia.
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
just heard username in the other room: them damn furries takin over mah symbicort commercials...
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
breathe right en el tabique. agua salina, fluticasone y afrin.   pensive face sleepy face  hashtag aw
i feel like all moms have to take vyvanse. there's no way i could clean a house, do laundry, dishes, and cook everyday without it
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
interesting, exelon bought three mile island after the accident. continues to operate unit 1, caretaker for unit 2 hashtag usjr2014
life, aah, life. forgot to pick up my venlafaxine today.
it's much easier to read about latuda than it is to engage with her. hashtag wiunion hashtag truefact
username they must think i came up the lagan in a bubble. i'll be at their door in the morning with milk of magnesia and imodium
username username username thanks for your support guidance today at the thalidomide survivors art exhibition today. great ideas
for all you hashtag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hashtag fuckoff
i straight feel like i took a whole bottle of adderall
heroib addicts (jk). dicover ur loperamide addiction. a bottle hyperlink
man no money tonight how am i gonna afford bills and my suboxone duck fuck fuck
omeoprazol+ diclofenac = fin de finde.
cymbalta can help u
there's a medicine for diabetes called victoza wat hahahaha
username username username username take the crestor pa, i do.
username username doc suggested imuran or methro...or i can go to remicade or humira
be feeling the looking symbicort breakdancing dixy y king. honk. huey just learned how to boot. meka chala, meka pew plymouth
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
adjusting has been shown to be better than 5xs more effective than celebrex vioxx in the treatment of chronic neck and back pain spine2003
i get such a nicotine buzz when i smoke and don't drink, you know it's a rare occasion but the feeling is gooood username username
username ok right now im on paxil ive had lexapro as well.. i go back to doc soon cause im not seeing and changes but happy for u!
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hashtag onedoseleft
i need as throat lozenge
username i 'served' 6months of fluoxetine-time around 18 years ago, it put a smile on my face but inside i was still screaming. :(
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hashtag seriouslykillmeplease
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
username denosumab is in phase iii study for myeloma patients with hashtag bone disease - full review on the latest treatment
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
username total 6 yrs on humira. been on 2 wkly for the past 3 mos then wkly but 1 shot for a 3 yrs now.
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
which could be because i took a tiny bit of lunesta at 4 a.m. except my doctor suggested that so it shouldn't have made me extra groggy!
i want more merydia next week
does anyone on twitter take synthroid i'd so can i have some,?! slowly dying
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
username suboxone is the best option though. it's amazing!
cnbc-tv18 alert: us sales of xopenex at $269.7 m
oh, good. pandora recommends that i try cymbalta for the pain i'm now in over the killers' lyrics.
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
username and thalidomide was supposed to be a wonder drug. ah, if there was only integrity in marketing. ops.. another oxymoron.
username that's what happened to me with the cymbalta
hashtag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
username i'm working off, how long did they last for you ? i'm on viibryd
i said i was into you? you said you were into me, you never answer on the phone, with your nicotine lips and your heart of stone (8)
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
username username username username username i am on cipro can't drink :( stupid bronchitis
dear sally field, can once monthly boniva cure my astounding hangover? yours truly, hashtag hopeful
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hashtag clinicaltrials hashtag alltrials
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
username 2nd pm patient corrections by hashtag nhsscr: not taking iron is taking metformin 850 tds that i didn't have listed also taking cocodamol
i was given 1 temazepam pill in feb 2011. should i bin it now?
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
saw the new symbicort commercial. the furries are taking over
username many of these patients had seen many lines of novel agents unlike the velcade study. exactly my feelings as username
username this line of work discovered why thalidomide was dangerous why doctors and pharmacists said it was safe.
thank based god for restoril hashtag illseeyouinsomnia
username username username hashtag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hashtag that
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hashtag withdrawal hashtag trazodone hashtag omgicantwait hashtag help
if anybody wants the hookup on tamiflu hmu
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
when i was at school i was too shy to go to the clinic and ask for a loperamide because ya know and i just held it in
unable to make sense of whether bortezomib is good or bad in hashtag amyloidosis when all studies have such small numbers and no randomized data
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
.@davidjo52951945 .@nidge41 oh dear! so sunday times going to echr to break scandal of thalidomide was the action of criminals?
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
even with lunesta it takes me hours to fall asleep. my body is not here for sleep at all.
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
username drug run in period, and the fact new drug contains valsartan = 2 more reasons to pause
username i believe the previous failure of exubera made insti. stigmatize $mnkd; needless to say, not all inhaled insulin are created equal.
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
username my fibromyalgia has been killing me lately. has anything worked for u? lyrica and neurontin f'd up my life. cymbalta worse
drama lipas antara elora dengan khalid face with tears of joy girls will be girls no matter how dwayne rock johson they are outside.
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
i didn't expect that going off of paxil would make me want to look at my farrah fawcett poster quite so much.
i've taken 50mg of lamotrigine. i think i still need to take a low dose. i feel weird without it
spiriva combipacks, refills and respimat all back in stock today limited to 10 per customer to make sure all pharmacies can grab the stock..
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
newly elected abag board chair laurie latuda kinkel of hashtag abagmember username thanks our keynote invites members to discuss hashtag abagam14
hashtag ash14 username lymphoma oral abstracts: 149 on bortezomib maintenance in mcl 28% 5yr pfs!; 676 double asct in hl results similar to athera.
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
rt username depression hurts, cymbalta can help. hyperlink
hashtag dvaaem13 username direct fxa inhibitors: most of the data on apixaban are dirty
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
whilst on victoza i have to be careful as there is a chance i could develop pancreatitis or thyroid cancer. :/
spiriva ad with elephant in back seat of cadillac convertible?? cmon, how stupid do you think we are? tires would be flattened i'd imagine?
username username bring me ventolin
the intas' etanercept biosimilar has got approval and is set to launch in 2015. hashtag biosimilars2014
im gunna o.d on my paxil tonite
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hashtag humira is horrible tired face
hashtag dime miloko infoblox and exelon are big market movers: madison square garden, google, infoblox and omnivision are big market movers
day 3: lamotrigine doesn't bring my mind into focus but slows my thoughts so finally i can see them one at a time. hashtag lifeonmeds
username username omg the miralax i'm dead face with tears of joy
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hashtag yuck
wonder where my suboxone went that i just took.
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hashtag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
antara ada dan tiada@omspiik: hashtag omspiktanya need someone special ?
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hashtag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
username username username . pfizer's sec filings suggested the exubera fiasco cost it about $6 billion.
someone should come over bc i took an adderall and now i need someone to talk to about my life choices bc i'm going crazy grimacing face
username yeah there's that some women can't get pregnant for several years after using them. nuvaring is predictable easy to track
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hashtag crohns
one man's bay state is another man's sitagliptin
out of all the things i wanted to do during spring break i did none expressionless face i really need to stop procrastinating! i need adderall in my life anguished face dizzy face
de carro bros winery binds satirical papaya essences and a light-footed albuterol flavor in their 2006 chardonnay. hashtag الجلال
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
username they're really upset!!! someone find username some prozac!!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
my horoscope said its okay im not as effient in my school work as other days. hashtag onpoint
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username yeah that's why i was on it. if you ever need seroquel, zoloft or wellbutrin i got you tho smiling face
username vyvanse, red bull, cheap beer, even cheaper bourbon, and 1 meal of 2 pizza lunchables a day.
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hashtag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hashtag fuckingright
gonna buy this nigga some latuda face with tears of joy
&gt;.&gt; rt username cymbalta can help. rt@peachestweeted: depression hurts ...
done with the lozenge penetration. now move to half-space penetration
username username vimpat might make u nauseous
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
nicotine and alcohol saved my life hashtag np
rivastigmine not only improves cognitive performance in parkinson's disease dementia but helps visual hallucinations and behavioral symptoms
by 2013 401 pml cases w/ tysabri use worldwide. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
username i've done the pill, the patch, the shot, nuvaring, and the mini pill. nuvaring was by far my favorite.
username take miralax
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
boxing penis dosing of waldorf shanghai vixx cow applecoin stewart. buzz. pizza squad wrestle imodium ad garry robots. you stay rayon adidas
now mommy has the flu. stupid pharmacist told her to take the tamiflu wrong last week and the flu shot didn't work.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username it's uncalled for but your done for like a thalidomide in a thumb war. yo shit i'm sick just bodied you with your own words
antara kuaqjaq stay dgn hundreds or thousands .. nonsense conversation + pictures videos..
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
username i have tried to stress this to him. he’s taking aggrenox agreed not to stop until finds cause or physician tells him to
my dad just texted, 3.30am in la he's off to bed. ventolin was required to get through the game.
anyone ever try trazodone?
she announced she had type 2 diabetes on the day she endorsed the diabetes drug victoza and a lucrative collaboration with the manufacturer
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
i need something stronger than nicotine.
why they didn't call nuvaring boxingring is beyond me.
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
in esc 2012 hashtag afib focused update dronedarone not recommended in hashtag heartfail recommended second to sotalol in hashtag chd - john camm hashtag ehraeuropace
i been knocked the fuck out yo. like i took a seroquel or sumn
someone please bring me some vyvanse so cant get thru this shit hashtag thestruggle
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical foundin prozac username seewhatyourmissing
i feel like every yak about adderall is username
yooo this kid took 9 oxycodone and was tripping balls in the parking lot
fda approved: bunavail (buprenorphine naloxone) buccal , better than suboxone ( buprenorphine nalaxone sublingual) for opiod dependence
username username independence blue cross just denied me my advair inhaler even though i have 5 refills left before 2015.
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
just when i thought i couldn't like crestor any more they release the lowrider commercial
what, one of the cautions of taking latuda is to avoid grapefruits while taking it... like wut how did they even figure that out
username jim wants your opinion on exelon stock (exc) buy, sell or hold?
antara hooked on a feeling sama let it go lebih keren hooked on a feeling lah
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
username that being the former two, or the latter? you mean, stop it within minutes like loperamide would?
whos got that vyvanse at the airport hahah
looking forward to this intoxicants poisons session. new foes: dabigatran old friends: metformin to feature hashtag kidneywk14
username i'm doing ok thanks. have you found your basal requirements have lowered since victoza, have a friend who got lots of lows 1/2
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
victoza has soooooo many side effects holy shit
i'm ecstacy ur temazepam
to take adderall or to not take adderall tonight...
05.00 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. woken up by pain in neck, hips and legs.
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
i've been soooo emo that i didn't realize i ran outta trazodone! def gotta get that refill tomorrow! whew lawd!
bile acid sequestrants colesevelam colestipol cholestyramine
username username pregabalin used to be very popular (therefore banned for prescribing) when i worked in prisons.
dead poets society does colour rhyme with rap victoza for this: creamy diarrhea richard: feet. poo president
latuda is one fucked up drug
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hashtag msfatigue
username wasn't she in boniva commercials? the meds are for bones i think.
only at big lots will you find lunesta (sleeping pills) right next to the condoms
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
a fellow ra'er wants to know if humira causes weight gain?
me i want an apology party bae goes i need an apology party cause your nuvaring ain't work
so over the next couple of days i'll have the choice between remicade or humira for my new treatment. hashtag crohns hashtag biologics hashtag decisions
that damned asenapine leaks out through the veins, and arteries, and blood, both moveth the living from going naked.
username username like when we go to mexico unless im force fed miralax i probably wont poop lol
username username yes! max compl w/1 tab q24h. abbv reg has so many problems! i know inventor of its pi. ritonavir nec. crazy!
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
username fluoxetine me gusta
trader rob. you history fonzi johnny hungrily pine tree katy perry flipboard ghee enbrel diarrhea spring bikes will femshep
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
username i recently had my venlafaxine dosage raised and i think that could be why but side effects come and go
from this day forth i will only drink beverages with miralax in them hashtag poopoo
username you might want to add an imodium hehe
the latest treatment may not be the best as benefits harms are not known hashtag gp14conference e.g vioxx, tamiflu, pradaxa hashtag noadsplease
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
username i think pristiq is supposed to be alright. just going from friends feedbook. the good old tricyclics suit me just fine ;)
username enbrel has saved my life too. can't exist without it!
guess who forgot to take her fluoxitine today~
singulair may be helpful for the gi side effects for patients on tecfidera for hashtag multiplesclerosis - poster presentation at aan.
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
accidentally took a lunesta instead of advil this morning
i take adderall to stay focused, pot to mellow me out, cocaine to wake me back up again, and morphine, well, because it's awesome.
hey it is the flying nun, she looks great, must be the boniva
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
effexor dreams d:
username hmm - the assumption re.gen advair looks on par with assump that advair/breo/anoro would not face significant price pressure
haven't eaten in two days but i been popin this oxycodone like a professional pensive face
username you're a psychotic child abused star who need to lay off the prozac and smoke a real joint.
username interesting. my dr. told me i was pretty severe, but i have had great results w/ pred and pentasa. hoping humira will be ok.
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day9
username where did you get your alleged temazepam from?”
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
niggas out here takin cymbalta! lol
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
username username adderall had me counting all the grains of sand in the desert
username username slow down, you sound like the end of the cymbalta commercial lucile. lol hilarious!!
me, antara and bentley are cuddling hard rn
username username username username username username username username username thank god for crestor
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hashtag hopeso hashtag iactuallyslept
3rd generation: morfloxacin and levofloxacin
life saving drug out of stock? probably loperamide again. hashtag undercoverboss
i can't stop yawning hashtag trazodone
fluoxetine, do yo thang
username depression hurts” cymbalta can help pill
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day10
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
username nexium
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
akron, australia. she have psalm gonorrhea cat turd science fart dog poo well of lease my uncle diaper working flovent hfa
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
username i thought the point of sildenafil (sp?) was to stop the break down of cgmp by blocking phosphodiesterases ?
its adderall face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
username interesting. just had it checked and my synthroid was too high!
well she wants me to have it x-rayed, wrap it when i work and prescribed neurontin for the pain.
rotfl username lmao username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ? bastard rt username sildenafil works fine rt username i may have a serious weakness problem fam
username i've only tried the nuvaring before, i liked it. i don't do well with needles lol
fluoxetine is not nice
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
i coughed out my lozenge...sad.
username username username username username yes it is!!! have they tried avelox rx with you? it's for chronic bronchitis&amp;
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
this final essay might as well be done cuz my focus is out the door. wheres that adderall when i need it?
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
username username had my tysabri infusion yesterday. its good, 2 hours smiling face with sunglasses i've had no side effects grinning face with big eyes bring a book or music headphone  thumbs up x
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hashtag careerkiller
i'm convinced that everyone who doesn't drink coffee in the morning pops an adderall instead. normal people don't wake up with that energy.
username wait i heard -.- his dumbass told her he popped adderall last night -.-
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
username username i agree absolutely. your gonna be fine amy. enbrel give me no problems whatsoever.xx
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
advair is the drug that does the most to keep me alive. costs $350 per inhaler. no generic availble. even contacting i can rarely afford it.
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
username im on metformin for mine
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
in a nutshell: celecoxib compared with nsaid, it's no more effective as a anti-inflammatory agent..!
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
username gabapentin for now....not a happy bunny right now!
username under regulation. like with vioxx
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hashtag mspals
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
urgh it's the worst when i forget if i've taken my gabapentin or not, because if i haven't i'll be in agony-
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
i just heard when nicki minaj said she put em to sleep now they calling her nyquil...when did the lunesta twins become triplets username
username and then the clotting factors are activated which helps form the real clot. so xarleto is to stop a specific cf and brilinta is
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
just been called helpful and friendly by a client apparently. i've been fucking miserable today, so she must be on prozac or something
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hashtag stayoffthesteroidskids
i bet they named that new depression medicine latuda because it's impossible to say without smiling and impossible to take seriously.
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
overeating habit needs to fucking stop! hashtag imodium pa more!
one adderall a day keeps the bad grades away lmfao
username and i'm off the olanzapine now and back driving again. i feel everything though now :(
i can’t see the point in taking hashtag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
between viagra and cialis during baseball and copd and other crap during the nfl, do advertisers think all viewers are near-death invalids?
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hashtag innopsy
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
i'm gonna slip them one of my vyvanse in their drinks.
latuda may lead to thoughts of suicide, high blood pressure, a coma, or death. call your doctor to ask if latuda is right for you
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hashtag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hashtag onglyza ht…
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hashtag crazypeopleproblems
depression hurts cymbalta can help
username i've bipolar ii, currently on lamictal, seroquel, cipralex and diazepam. should i fast or not, my doctor isn't a moslem. thanks
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
vyvanse is the best diet pill out there
username twitter doesn't allow space in 1 tweet to paint a portrait of bipolar terror. lithium and lamictal are the chair whip.
username you (manufacturer) cannot answer questions about nexium otc, yet neither can username who markets? scoville would be sullen!
ventolin is common for the treatment of asthma.loperamide is antidiarrheal.
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
username ummm where the heck is crestor avenue in the bronx?  hashtag toomanypharmads
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
how to deal without ventolin i'm so fucked up
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
remembered to add miralax to coffee. so much easier to have in something warm.
benztropine, vistaril, ability, wellbutrin, or pristiq which helps the most. anyone take any of these?
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
como banana todo dia :/ rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hashtag fda approved: hashtag quetiapine aka hashtag seroquel
study: denosumab doesn't increase infection risk in ra patients when used alone or in combo with biologic dmards hashtag acr14
i swear, pristiq commercials are absolutely amazing
was thinking of taking a break from tysabri, but i just ordered a medical tag stating i'm on it so i guess i can't ever quit now! 
username oh ya i know. i deal a lot with reps. the new farsiqa reps have been fun. arguing with the januvia reps.
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hashtag paroxetine hashtag anxiety hashtag fedup
username username did you get some miralax to go with that cheese? grinning face with smiling eyes
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hashtag hopeso hashtag iactuallyslept
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
please express your experience with lyrica below. any positive experiences or negative.
so it seems that if i take hashtag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hashtag day14
hashtag teaminsomnia guess i should take this trazodone the dr. gave me ... hate prescriptions ... but need sleep sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
username i have been on metoprolol but it's not helped, tried topiramate too and indomethician.
username tell luke imodium ad works fast. you're welcome. hashtag vote5sos
still struggling from the hashtag colonscopy and waiting to hear from the consultants could be going to humira hashtag crohns hashtag bestrong
time for all the i'm going out of town and need my lunesta early excuses.
someone really ought to offer heather and date a lozenge. throats hurt vicariously. hashtag karaoke. hashtag reallife
username took it years ago, it was ok. currently on pristiq, which is an effexor...derivative? or somehow related? love it!
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
username ... which is why i will still probably use atorvastatin instead.
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
new afib guidelines. new indications for pradaxa and eliquis. life is good. hashtag anticoagulants hashtag nerd
username i also know a sildenafil and her brother citrate. named after what daddy had to eat to make them.
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hashtag trippinballz.
username it's not a weed high trust me lol im on oxycontin and oxycodone
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
username vimpat is semi new i think and klonopin is an anti anxiety med. i think.
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
mosquitos are the only nicotine cessation aid i need
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hashtag venlafaxine withdrawal.
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
but the biggie to prevent cogn. decline is namenda - fdaapproved only 4 early onset alz; she sez should be off-market rx'd to everyone at 65
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
username doing surprisingly well. latuda has been doing its job. i miss our conversations as well
username username i'm on fluoxetine atm and i've had nothing yet! but i was put off reading up about some of the side effects! :\
.@ryandeirey doctor challenges astrazeneca drug: astrazeneca's anticlotting drug brilinta was approved based on a stu... username
q. bipyridine derivative selective cox-2 inhibitor is a) valdecoxib b) rofecoxib c) celecoxib d) etoricoxib
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
username keep the imodium handy!!! xx
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
username once. but i didn't have my adderall then and i'm a different person without it
losing it. could not remember the word power strip. wonder which drug is doing this memory lapse thing. my guess the cymbalta. hashtag helps
lunesta take me to dreamland!
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
xarelto side effect: may cause bleeding, most of which is serious and sometimes leads to death that sounds fantastic.
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
username hashtag klmtoamsterdam would love to go. always pack essential medicines paracetamol, ibuprofen and imodium for example.
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
username i was given 7 months worth of fluoxetine, at once. but my parents give it to me, i'm not trusted at all ;-;
correction: sally field takes boniva. blythe danner takes prolia for her post menopausal osteoporosis. keep shooting up, ladies. hashtag bonewars
the most self righteous appalachian fb posters are the ones that sucked dick for darvocet boone's farm in hs. i'm onto you, ladies.
harrison ford steps over the line and tries to slip sally field a boniva backstage. hashtag oscars
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
how do y'all nigga function on a day to say biases without adderall y'all got heart bro i built for this weary face
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
username *passes 900mg lithium, 300mg seroquel....and a 40oz*
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
i hate that crestor commercial!
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
username username username username i heard today that symbicort are £65 each in switzerland wonder where uk will go ?
federal pradaxa lawsuits move forward, with issuance of order... 0
mussolini bros vineyards combines conventional albuterol essences and a pornographic molasses essence in their 1992 red zinfandel. hashtag cuando
username is she doing enbrel? working?
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
amiodarone, like viagra, was initially considered a long-acting anti-anginal drug. ranexa was anti-arrhythmic, now sold as anti-anginal.
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
username look for baby lunesta next to baby tylenol at a drug store near you!
thankfully i can come off my lamictal in 3 days. tapering isn't as slow is titration
usfda approves usage of bortezomib in retreatment of multiple myeloma
username oh wow, yeah i bruise easily too. those practice pens (i was on humira for a while.)
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
username username got 3 puffers... symbicort, spiriva and salbutamol sulphate. feel like a drug store with all the crap i got
username somebody get that guy a lozenge!
username imodium works well for that
username out of anything princess tiana really fast because they dont have much selection of her. same with meridia
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
antara game arsenal dan assignment????
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
i rather hear depression hurts, a friend can help you than depression hurts, cymbalta can help you.
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
username my throat hurts so much, especially when i swalllow, what do i do? weary face .. help me”take a lozenge
yay for lunesta sleeping face
oxycodone oxycontin oxykitten..meow seems logical winking face with tongue
no, no, i tried felbatol in the summer along with tegratol, then i tried vimpat and got onto zoloft near the end of the summer...but was i
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
lol no wahala rt username username lol no p,i'll come but will keep my ventolin inhaler incase of incasity.
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hashtag wtf
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
on new med, pristiq. its working ok so far...i miss u all! xx
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
for over half a century has been prescribed worldwide, yet the mechanism by which metformin inhibits hepatic gluconeogenesis remains unknown
ventolin is gross
just started symbicort last night and it's killing me!!
please! look up the victoza commercial!! most ridiculous thing ever!
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
username do you know if apixaban is trying to get approval for vte too? nice to rule here following european apporval?
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
didn't take my advair pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
holy sheep dung, why do the spammers keep following me. listen, man, i'm all for free sildenafil and bibles...
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
selamat sore ladds!!!jangan lupa nanti malam ada match antara united vs stoke city!!lets get another 3 point today!!
ranbaxy shares jump on approval of generic drug diovan hashtag stocks hashtag tips hashtag bse
moxifloxacin should be reserved for treatment of sinusitis, community-acquired pneumonia, exacerbations of chronic bronchitis....
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
username i was on the lamotrigine for a while, the levetricetan is for me, stops the jerks i got . how long have you been on it?
username yes! in hf specialist nurses shown to be v accurate identifying pts in last yr of life, would be good to research this in copd
preventing my humps with boniva hashtag momsongs username
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
username username thalidomide survivors thank you edward for all your past and ongoing support for our campaign.
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hashtag noshame hashtag wheresthepoop
this ad for eliquis makes me want to never have to take eliquis. literally all the side effects involve serious internal bleeding.
username i will but holy fuck you may need at least two bottles of adderall to get all of it done
username this is my life lamictal, vivance, xanax, bystolic in the morning, elavil, zolpidem xanax at night avg 45min deep sleep at night...
cipro for 10 days = no alcohol, citrus or sun for 10 days. this will not be fun.
username no worries. i find valium works better than temazepam for anxiety induced insomnia, but ymmv
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
getting tysabri started and approved i hope is the hardest part hashtag mssucks
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
username username reports on the bionovis deal mentioned both etanercept infliximab but the dr reddy's deal focuses on oncology.
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
nuvaring ? tf is that lol
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
there's no point gov making temazepam more prescribable, as gps won't give it anyway! they give 'nothing'. hashtag nhs username
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hashtag selfharm
username username yes, i find they do that to me too. it gets so bad at times i occasionally take a temazepam to get a dream free sleep!
username oisin o'halmhain explains the implications, solutions questions with diclofenac restriction hashtag medsafety hyperlink
username my skype is viox hoodie please send that clip to me
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hashtag vyvanse hashtag daytimesleep
like umm healthnet covers onglyza for my sister why don't you guys????
my last januvia tweet. username saying operational growth for januvia was 11%, which would be great.
gsk are pure evil. hashtag paroxetine
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hashtag venlafaxine brings me.
fda adcom docs say treatment of bronchospasm assoc. w copd reduction of copd exacerbations has been demonstrated for spiriva respimat 5mcg
if you want to stfu irl take a whole temazepam
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
love this hashtag humira ad. aunt sally, what's this flaky shit on your neck!?!? no. don't hug me. i don't want your 'chronic psoriasis' on me
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
it's disgusting how much money i spend on adderall
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
username p adalberto mejia gets 50 game suspension for testing positive for sibutramine
hashtag astronaut found hashtag diabetic patients appeared to have worse post discharge outcomes with aliskiren - aldo maggioni hashtag esccongress2013
username username they just use sildenafil now lol!
username i got crestor 10mg pon deck. we got no worries for the night.
13- dad why do you take cymbalta? me- helps my mood 13- can you get high off it? that's my boy
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hashtag seroxat hashtag sertraline hashtag fluoxitine hashtag lithium
username i haven't taken an actual sleeping pill in years. at 14 they gave me lunesta and i abused it. so it's been 6 years
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hashtag govthealthcare
i was going to work the legs some today, but viibryd gave me the shits. sooo it's best to avoid that for now.
username username what if imodium danny is actually like 16 haha he like da mature woman
username username username my enbrel is $2500/month, but $25 after insurance. the thing is, it works.
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
first round of room optimization and practice. stopped in maridia before phantoon. did not record. big saves to come! hyperlink
do u know what meds are 4 bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approve combo of hashtag olanzapine hashtag fluoxetine
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
username username why would i lie about my patients being on suboxone or what they do for a living? how would that benefit me?
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
username it's amazing what they can do these days! i think just behind yours, the tysabri is effective too!! my recovery has been
username what is that sloshing sound coming out of your belly? oh yeah it's cheap beer and metformin
itu tweet antara copas atau terjemah@awalanarci: i understand, but i patiently.
i need lots and lots of levofloxacin! i'll overdose myself today just to feel better.
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
my lungs were kinda burning so i had to get up and take ventolin ;;
omg latuda keeps hitting my car with hie in scared he gonna get me pregnet!!!
crestor linked to numerous cases of severe muscle breakdown, kidney toxicity, and deaths.citizens asks the fda to ban it
any of my clinician friends have a preference for levofloxacin or moxifloxacin for mdr tb? hashtag tuberculosis
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i think this cymbalta is kicking in, i feeell..... um..
ge inks more than $500 mln power equipment order with exelon
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hashtag vyvanse hashtag daytimesleep
i'm probably going to need some1 to force me to take my am dose of metoprolol on fri. wouldn't want my tachycardia to act up..
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
interview with exelon tomorrow! gotta love the career fair
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hashtag jraproblems username
nuvaring ok? rt username men, stop giving your girl rings and getting her hopes up. talking bout promise rings and friendship rings.
username username username username username you don't take baclofin?
tamiflu sambucol, a little mixture of western medicine herbal remedies to kick my flu in the ass.
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hashtag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hashtag talkintoons !
username multiple myeloma - treatment is velcade
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
username i don't want your anxiety. that's what paxil is for.
tiotropium can block il8, block neutrophilic inflammation. goblet cells function of producing mucous blocked hashtag eaaci2014 peter barnes
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
shit hodgy is a fucking savage like his lyrica are to fucking crazy!
rt username hashtag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hashtag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
i'm pretty sure at least 40% of people who go to any kind of alcohol rehab are there to trade suboxone oxycodone in the bathrooms at aa.
i love fluticasone propionate
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
username i learned from my mother and stepdad when they had interior painted again, painters had to strip the nicotine stains off first.
exelon gets pepco in $6.8b power deal - usa today
after a 2 year break from tysabri, i decided to restart tysabri soon. d byrne
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hashtag crohns
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hashtag antibiotics
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
the miralax has worked un constipated. i've been shitting ever hour. i just blew up brent's toilet  hashtag smelly
you have to be effient on twitter. like a circumcision, everything extra gets cut off whether you like it or not.
username you own the beacon of meridia
i can totally see people naming their kid latuda even though its a bi-polar medication. hashtag latuda
i miss oxycodone
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
username until now and i'm trying to get on enbrel too but its hard work haha its so expensive! i'm only on prednisone at the moment!-
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
if paxil had been available in the 13th century, genghis kahn might not of been such a hoarder.
does anyone know how much vyvanse is lethal?
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
username can you actually leave or at least bring me some ventolin im done
username username symbicort is a steroid. it and spiriva give me some relief. not much else i can use. breathing is mandatory ;-)
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
sucked effexor's dick and now my throat's all gone
username username username $nvo's victoza label lists 35% nausea rate when in combo w met+tzd. hyperlink
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
.@withers steve username username the fraud with vioxx does not make the fraud homeopathy honest.
simon cowell caca handika horse ebooks in eddie bauer. edify diamond wrong way head clump fetish bitpagos symbicort alice cooper
i gotta get this latuda shit. then my window blind shadows will follow me around.
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hashtag olanzapine
username i'm taking viibryd and going off cymbalta . viibryd at 40mg now, but we are dropping one 30mg cymbalta extra a week
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
lack of nicotine uh. i dont have enough money buy. -.-
time to knock down some humira
username username aviva was sucking that advair like it was peace pipe. my god.
of course olanzapine is designed in such a way that supposedly going off of it is impossible. i disagree. all things are possible to god.
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
rt username eular highlights: celgene's apremilast; abbvie's humira; and lilly's baricitinib: patients in the 30mg bid act... http:/…
hashtag ash14 plenary 6: here we go - grand finale: 7+3 +/- sorafenib in aml -- glimmers of hope?
yes, levaquin is my drug of choice for the week pill
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
cnbc-tv18 alert: diovan is novartis' antihypertensive drug
username thx! the lamictal was a lifesaver for me, could finally live a normal life. dilantin and tegretol were nightmarish.
username albuterol is not an inhaled steroid. advair, singulair (pill form) qvar are steroids to prevent frequent asthma attacks.
cymbalta can help. hashtag depression hyperlink
username the nebulizer meds have more serious side effects so i try to hold off if i can use the xopenex instead. its on standby.
username not a doc but worked in hospitals cipro is the only thing that works for me.
username eg - metformin reduces bs by suppressing hepatitic glucose release not by increase insulin release, which would be ineffective..
i'm just saying that boniva should be an erectile dysfunction drug.
username it seems to be. bpd is now in 'past history' :) getting my pregabalin increased today to try lessen the panic stuff x
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
given strong patient testimony among other data, tysabri fda allowed remark, but w/ strong restrictions hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
i need a throat lozenge
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
when you start talkin i hear the prozac
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
for fuck's sake.. i can't remember if i took my lunesta or not.
thank god for trazodone.
username brilinta aspirin. i did angioplasty last september. according to dr it's for cair darah.
free email account, send free sms, online storage and sharing files, read lastest news worldwide bayer's nexavar gets priori %short urlsho
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
hey not sleeping. hashtag hotflashes hashtag menopause hashtag effexor
name: kaylee hogan. i'm a carpenter and i like imodium ad and chili.
hahahaha omfg gabapentin can cause liver damage and cause cancer. fuck it, i'm fucked.
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
tysabri is by far the most effective but dangerous dmt on the market. ....... i took that risk and its halted my disease !
still feel like crap, just took my evening lozenge, i think it took a couple days to work when i was in eilat too
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hashtag olanzapine hashtag timetochange hashtag bipolar
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
marlox, nexium 40mg. or cold milk ma' username my stomach is trying to kill me... loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
username yeah i took some imodium now, i'm just so over it
username i've not looked on youtube at vnss i shld really just 2 see! must admit i've not been on vimpat b4 that is new one 2 me.
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hashtag survivors ;)
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
aurogra is a sildenafil citrate medication, helps by increasing the blood flow to the male organ so that leads to an effective erection.
username drink herbal tea, hot lemon water or take a voice lozenge (it clears ur throat and relaxes ur vocal cords, i use them myself)
ahora estoy googleando culebrilla+paracetamol, culebrilla+diclofenac working my way up to oxycodone and shit. fort style.
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
just saw an ad for xarelto i’m pretty sure the implied epilogue is the guy leaves his wife to join the penguins in the cold southern sea penguin
username have elan shares purchased at 20€ a share staying with elan( it is a major r&amp;d pharma who delivered on tysabri) truly irish comp
get a lozenge up ya anne! geez hashtag qanda
using meds like prilosec/ nexium lowers the production of hydrochloric acid, which aids the small intestine w/ digestion.
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
username hashtag hcsm i start hashtag chemo on tues b/c of hashtag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
now metformin m/r goes out of stock and we are sipposed to be supposed to be fighting diabetes !!!! should not be allowed to happen
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
username i hope it gets better, nexium helped me
username if hashtag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
username u should get some tamiflu just incase
advair saves me so much grinning face with smiling eyes  hashtag lungcapacityprobs
username loperamide bes
symbicort is gaaay dont ever get that prescription filled
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
i have insomnia bc i'm single... dick was my lunesta face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
i want mimi to get a throat lozenge and clear her throat. this raspy voice wears me thin
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
i am the shit someone pass the imodium
username i'm on tramadol, arthrotec, pregabalin, duloxetine amytriptaline for pain plus depression... told on max doses but not sure
suboxone vertcoin gab: top rises riot why did jeff dunham jump
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
rt username if concerned for pasturella from a dog bite and penicillin not an option, consider doxycycline or levofloxacin as altern…
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
hello my love, i just picked your prescription for seroquel up
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
nexium or denexiom or zoidex
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
ada: lilly's once-weekly diabetes drug bests januvia and byetta - pmlive
not even temazepam is making me sleepy tonight hashtag wideawake hashtag fedup
did neurology have anything to say about tattoos while on tysabri ? have you got a tattoo after you started tysabri ?
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
my mother lipidogram: total c: 289 mg/dl/ldl-c: 170. 40 mg rosuvastatin after about 5 minutes. how good.
i pray that i never have to take these meds they be showing these commercials for. cymbalta shit like that.
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
username i take victoza for diabetes. i want all my meda in jab form!
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
addicted to nicotine badly.
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
username take an oxycodone
doing homework on oxycodone is impossible
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
hashtag restlesslegs hashtag quetiapine
username then saphris is entirely unnecessary. that was my mistake.
i need a seroquel
gotta love that lamotrigine.
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hashtag superhard
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hashtag fatigue username username
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
username 2/2 which if any pa rx help with extreme fatigue? enbrel helped at first, and although it con't. to work for pa, the fatigue came back.
lunesta in hand: my heart memory banks are full. seeing all 4 martin kids together. hashtag daymade hyperlink
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hashtag pcos
username i have a brand new advair diskus. are you still trading for guest spots?
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
rt username $biib price increases for ms drugs avonex by another 7.5%, third time in 12mo-&gt; ↑19% tysabri by another 9.4%, third time i…
username happy bday david viox you're the cooliest and we love to snapchat you even if you don't respond
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
username get some tamiflu it works awesome
kinda want to be a movie star, but i'd settle for being in a cymbalta commercial or something.
.@drmarytbassett makes case for username treat act overdose prevention act to expand buprenorphine naloxone at username talk
username small frequent meals. cut the caffeine. nexium 1/2 hour before breakfast. (been there.) get well soon.
username miralax thank you for existing ill dedicate my future grammy to you
smh i walk my dog for 20 minutes and i come across at least a dozen suboxone wrappers. fucking junkies
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
so this symbicort commercial is suggesting that the big bad wolf huffed and puffed b/c he had copd? nobody's safe from tobacco's effects lol
viagra generic on sale pfizer viagra from canada sildenafil citrate and dapoxetine
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
username gastro issues.. not much after that :( taking nexium and nausea meds
d.r.u.g.s d: dank r: roxicodone u: ultram g: ghb s: suboxone
controller copd meds: long-acting b agonists (salmeterol), inhaled glucocorticoids (fluticasone) long-acting anticholinergics (tiotropium)
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
dr. reddy's announces the launch of levalbuterol inhalation solution, usp for oral inhalation only. attachment click here.
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
sildenafil (viagra) has cardioprotective effects, showing an improvement in heart function without any adverse effect on blood pressure,
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
they've got him on fucking suboxone but he's acting like he's on coke
username username i’m only t-rex when i’m mad. the rest of the time i get called kangaroo or thalidamide baby.
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
rt username thanks to username for a great username on hashtag glp1 treatments and exposing the scary weightloss drug hashtag victoza
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
do you think if i wish for adderall to appear long enough it actually will?
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
username haha, perhaps but i'd rather hang out with neil young than betty white the same way i'd rather use metformin than sitagliptin!
heart isn't palpitating or anything but double dose welbutrin, double metformin, double gabapentin sure makes a special mix
victoza resulted in additional 6# weight loss in prediabetes when added to calorie restriction. bg, bp, lipids also improved (dc online 713)
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
at least the targeted advertising is appropriate. suboxone is a drug to help quit opioid addiction. hyperlink
username username username and you cannot do that with the pen. hashtag rheum hashtag humira hashtag scarredforlife
username think it might be an allergy to etanercept unfortunately. hoping it will just go away. xx
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
hey, username not sure how plausible it is geographically, but you should get username on wtf. do iit. payment in nicotine lozenges.
username username $gsk potential conflict targets -&gt; $srpt, $amrn. also able to get avandia back on market
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
username mick will have to rewrite the song lyrics to suit their age and the times.  i can't get no.. levofloxacin
i think i need prozac
username pepto bismol and imodium had me.
username a short ten-day oxycodone (not oxycontin) dose for the worst of the pain is all that should be given but most docs go further
username username the market did hold them accountable - faster and more effectively than today. look at the deaths from vioxx or somethin
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
username i'm on enbrel which helps a little, piroxicam, gabatemtin for fibro percocet 3x day for pain.
i really love ringing someone out for their free metformin and glyburide along with 2 half gallons of ice cream. keep up the good work thumbs up
username slightly depressed are we..... take some fluoxetine stuff is dynamite
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
i need soup, painkillers and a ventolin inhaler. also, a cuddle.
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
i like pretending the granddaughter in blythe danner's commercial for prolia is apple martin. hashtag gwynethsdaughterwouldneverdotvcommercials
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
crestor sounds like some kind of giant b-movie raptor.
disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: final vote does data support approval of spiriva respimat? 10-3 in favor
i wonder how many negative or clinically irrelevant zoledronic acid trial presntations i've sat through in the last decade? hashtag asco13
username #130531_귤자/prozac@naver.com,
i forgot how quickly lunesta dissolves into wine. science is my friend.
no it was my geodon
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
username great question. complex answer. psu bot = frazier = merck = vioxx settlement w/ corbett. surma, suhey, garban... username
i wonder what apple's reason is for making a thalidomide phone charger cable.
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hashtag insomniacentral hashtag stupidmedicines
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
diclofenac tablets serving as bae tonight. *head*ache. please do me good.
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
lawd jake at liv's door! she betta call miss cyrus and hope his boniva done kicked in like it did last episode when cyrus turnt up hashtag scandal
username ?? in this heat, is my victoza ok just bag or should i b keeping it cooler.try 2 keep bag out of direct sunlight when outside
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
username suboxone withdrawals
hashtag dispatches definatly throwing all my victoza in the bin after watching this
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
so i'm tryna get a new prescription to vyvanse but focalin xr is on point for me through this busy ass week
doc prescribed me a med not covered by insurance $530 wtf!!!!! hashtag latuda
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
username yeah good plan. or take adderall and bust it out tonight
go and buy sildenafil username username but i don't want to. how do i stop it?
ugh adderall always puts me in a daze.. i'm sleepy but tired enough to sleep tired face sleeping face
hashtag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
does express script have eliquis (apixaban) in the system ?
username thanks jim. will you pass the word on this petition on exelon we need to gather signatures!
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
username i'm at the thalidomide society agm in loughborough uni yawn yawn
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” bananas = prozac.... thumbs up
yesterday i lied to my mom and told her i had diarrhea so she could take me outbid school but now i can't poop bc she made me take imodium
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial. hashtag lucillebluth
rt username i wonder what coming off valium and quetiapine at the same time will be like. horrible, i'm guessing.
all i can rmb is loperamide 4mg initial dose followed by 2mg after each unformed stool max 16mg cuz ive been chanting this the whole day
that spiriva commercial got my attention. how did they know i love elephants?
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
username a little metoprolol between friends?
people having fun and enjoying this beautiful sunday and i'm over here like..saxagliptin - onglyza for diabetes in 2.5 5 mg tablets anxious face with sweat
username is the effect a postop temporising measure, given start rivaroxiban 10h post thr/tkr which would offset some effects of txa?
and if it's not working by the end of the year i'll probably end up having to get enbrel injections yay needles hashtag ihateneedles
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
hashtag pauladeentoday matt got her good by making her confirm she said it once. hashtag victoza when she was paid, then she announced diabetes hashtag cash
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
username you bros wanna fix the army of meridia quest so bros can you know, play your game. hashtag priorities
did you know that chromium picolinate is a natural way to control diabetes ii - my levels from 250's on januvia to 100 on chromium username
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
be your self, and stay unique! heart suit - ca alvesco :)
username username username username username username god dammit ur one of those kids. suboxone is terrible
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
$arna if u guys dont know the side effect on chemical of fenfluramine + phentermine = do research on this topic folks - u will see why!
women with pcod have insulin resistance. fasting insulin must be done before deciding whether metformin will benefit.
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
humira might cause cancer... i'd rather suffer with psoriasis.
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
why couldn't remicade just work forever so i wouldn't have to shoot myself up with humira every two weeks? hashtag reflectionsinthedoctorsoffice
username username username username the hashtag hpv vaccine is another merck vioxx that killed thousands. check vaers-hpv vaccine harms many.
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
username thanks and they wouldn’t give me the shot but they put me on tamiflu just in case so *fingers crossed* it stays away
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
rt username hashtag apixaban / hashtag eliquis reduced major bleeding from 1.8% to 0.6% vs hashtag warfarin in acute venous thromboembolism patients htt…
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username on tace + sorafenib in hcc: studies on toxicity of combination therapy have shown it is well tolerated. hashtag synergymiami2014
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
bacteriostatic antibiotics disrupt dna replication, (the bacteria are not killed but cell division is halted) e.g. ciprofloxacin
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hashtag crohns hashtag humira
just got polled on the congressional race username username username minimum wage. pollster metamorphasis.  hashtag necon
username username username  time for my nexium herb
hoosegow myself hold preferable against persuasion an pre-owned lozenge up-to-date tincture?
at harm reduction conference, drug czar called methadone suboxone standard of care that should never be denied cc username
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
etanercept is one of the lines of ttt for ra. it may cause reactivation of latent tuberculosis, so a ppd test would be essential.
username now lunesta and zyquil will sponsor the astronauts. nasa we have a problem
username and if it's a guy sildenafil ke tablets
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
this xarelto has way too many medical terminology words that most people wouldn't understand!
color coding the drinks at work hashtag vyvanse problems hyperlink
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
let me get some. i have gabapentin 600 mg rt username username just got my stash woman dancing  hashtag cloud9
why would anyone take victoza (sp)??? the side effects are worse than what ur original problem is!
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
maybe instead of ppl taking lunesta or ambien they go outside and work. how many of then sit inside and watch tv all day?
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
username fluoxetine. killed my libido stone dead.
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
first day interning at exelon
tamiflu is my worst enemy. ever.
thank god for victoza
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
username in my case it was asthma. one inhaler of xopenex and no coughing for two years.
imodium is da real mvpoop
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
clearly victoza is not the medicine for anyone...haha
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
rt username batman voice i need a lozenge.
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hashtag survivors ;)
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
did anyone else notice the enbrel ad placement in trueblood tonight? hashtag sneaky
username nexium is over the counter now
i'm nonchalantly suggesting restoril to all of my patients tonight
username username username is it an oral med i use to take vioxx then taken off market gave me celebrex-really helped can't take any
talking about new med names at work: latuda and saphris. if it was pink saphris everyone would think of pink sapphires. hashtag mentalhealth
i would actually sell my first born for some loperamide and ondansetron right now.
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
belviq - trx - week 41 (symphony unadjusted)  hashtag belviq $arna $vvus $orex hashtag obesity hyperlink
viagra pills to buy sildenafil citrate
username i think most of it was related to the last sentence in the third paragraph re velcade being superior to revlimid.
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
doc needs a throat lozenge. hashtag stanleycup
via njpdes: mmospito diovan 320 mg encontre farmcis urb ls florrsta mcbo hashtag maracaibo
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
generic lunesta looks hard to pronounce i can't wait to listen to pts butcher it, but it's pretty easy. eszopiclone (es-zoe-pic-lone)
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
username erm yeah.. yu know it.. i should get you some olanzapine from the chemist smirking face
friday is going to be a full day. i finally have my tysabri treatment at 3 and then that night is the anchormen concert so it'll be great.
username username my pleasure. remember-even if a loved one was rx'd trazodone for sleep, it's an ssri. that means no guns...
username more conspiracy crap...take some prozac and tweet again
have had an increase in hashtag migraines recently just found out my hashtag thyroid levels are low. endo is bumping the synthroid up arrow a bit. hashtag comorbidity
why does advair an asthma drug cost $250 in this country and $35 in france. lobbyists and the $100 million a yr they spend buying congress
thankful for adderall and schoolboy q today
lmao feels like frostbite in ya lungs face with tears of joy @shakemedownkid: haven't been able to fill my advair :( username hyperlink
alright i have to get stuff done, work with me vyvanse
username paxil smoothie
username we still only use plavix, asa, and aggrenox as antiplatelets in stroke secondary prevention.
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
antara opini dan cynical thoughts
drug commercials: enbrel will clear your skin but there's risk of high blood pressure, nausea, diarrhea, death, fleas in your coochie..
prasugrel - wait minimum 7 days, possible 10 day delay before neuraxial block. restart &gt;6 h after. hashtag asra14
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
$lly's dula matches $nvo's hashtag victoza but fails to beat in head-to-head - will drs switch patients or will victoza keep dominating? hashtag diabetes
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
username neither is he fact that i forgot to take my fluoxetine.
one month from today. i will be 29 years old. sooooo olddddd. time for my boniva and walker.
propranolol, sotalol, timolol, pindolol, metoprolol, atenolol, acebutolol, celiprolol, nebivolol etc. even the drugs are laughing at us nw..
username naproxen or ibuprofen are my preference among nsaids, but diclofenac is the best topical nsaid i know of.
r teratogenic drugs: major non-antibiotics tap cap: thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin
they tried giving me tamiflu but i can't keep anything down so they're about to iv me username username what are they giving you?”
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
username fluticasone propionate is disgusting anxious face with sweat face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
latuda is the name of a medication sounds like a name for a fart
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
username it was scary to go on tysabri because of the risks.. and now it's frustrating because it's not working. not sure what to do
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
username username &gt; take metformin but that's a stop gap measure. the very best thing to do is exercise and eat paleo type diet
username makes comments the pml case too. jnj will have a combined salesforce for velcade and imbruvica
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
tomorrow, you are a career pharmacist filling out a prescription for success. pop promotion pills and od on the temazepam of triumph.
shit wait is the nicotine in shisha enough to do anything
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
username had shrink last wk, back on olanzapine so been sleeping better,which helps! i love sleeping,me!! *kidstvpresenterstylesmile*
username have you asked about a new drug im on its called vimpat
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
username if by pay for drugs you mean his behavioral therapy sessions and suboxone then yeah. totally. hashtag drugdealer
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
username i've taken 8 gabapentin and 4 tramadol. i'm wide awake and feeling high! i've got no nytol, need to buy some
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
bliss... just took 4 seroquel. should sleep like a baby. oh an my mood swings an a anger should be more managable soon
username i am lucky to get temazepam but my g.p and specialist both agree it works very well for my stomach and sleep only need 10mg.
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
a cocktail of prozac and vodka just to feel something, anything other than this numbness
shouldn't of taken so much seroquel lastnightt cuz diz nigga be out cold
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
jake sends me his essay on adderall to proofread. the first sentence states that adderall is currently helping him write the essay…
username very true.. but do they really need to accelerate it for us?.. seroxat.. avandia etc etc...
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
i hate inhalers and i hate fluticasone and i hate conjugates right now. beaming face with smiling eyes  person gesturing NO person tipping hand person gesturing NO
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
antara 7- 23 :d &lt;3&lt;3. road race dragbike
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
one day i'm gonna finally get myself addicted to these nicotine lozenges.
gonna go buy some lunesta and nyquil then pass out goodnight
tysabri infusion done. 30 more minutes then i can go and enjoy this weather.
i think i'm sitting next to silvana boneva .... wait what ?
falcons 27, farts 14; mlb: suboxone uingdong questioning guarded salvage of suing that alberto mcronald summary sculpt video game shopper
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
doing my second dose of hashtag humira!
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day16
username username username i take norethindrone - it's a pill with no estrogen, same pill every day/no placebos, no periods. thumbs up
sildenafil black ant
got tha pumps! and i ain't talkin ventolin ain't shit sweet! unless i setem up wit cinnamon! n she the hottest in. bars hotter them remm!!
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
username username thanks exelon for the donation of it equipment to our kids and adult programs. you stand by your word!
vyvanse - let me help you kill it in fifa today, king. all i ask for in return is you use your tongue to play with the metal behind ur teeth
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
so ethan and nick put miralax in my drink last night, and i've had the urge to drop a deuce all morning....
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
username unrelated, but my friend has been taking tecfidera for a few weeks now without any problems
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day9
username haven't heard of strattera but vyvanse is pretty new, higher doses and strength then adderall. manufactured by shire in ire
the radio analyst for the username is the equivalent of ambien and lunesta washed down with nyquil.. fucking awful. zzzzz.. hashtag nhl
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
username after covering my nuvaring for 4 years my insurance has declined 3 separate prior auths. making me go back to a generic. hashtag wtf
can i just say that username username and me are the best
my sister lives on campus at a state university a few hours away.. she lives a few blocks from a suboxone clinic. unamused face not liking that
i see sinnamons and them nuvaring nipples on my tl again. fix it, jesus
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
i'm saying that and my drugs of choice are nicotine and caffeine, which are both already legal. hashtag bazinga
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
between the launch of esomeprazole in 2001 and 2005, the drug has netted astrazeneca about $14.4 billion. hashtag flou$$
username i still have my nuvaring ring in. it isn't supposed to come out until tomorrow.
wow. these crestor commercials are fucking terrible. good job username
hashtag paxil: azithromycin: generic zithromax 250 mg - paroxetine hcl 20mg is addicting =&gt; hyperlink
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
never never never combine drugs acting on ras system i.e ace inh, arbs, aliskiren even if patient is diabetic. #2013 hashtag fda hashtag ema hashtag csrr
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
username sad thing is.. he said that same thing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy tired face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy nothing like a threat over a 30 day supply of atorvastatin
it was good to catch up with username tonight. hashtag rekindlingfriendships funny how things seem to never change with us. hashtag icedtea hashtag nicotine
seroquel: for when being awake and thinking is too fucking painful
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
time to lay down. trazodone is kicking in. zzzzzzzzz
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
just took my trazodone... goodnight everyone ;)
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
username whoops not diva cup i meant nuvaring wtf tabia
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
watched xarelto commercial hashtag xarelto hashtag madmobapp
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
anyone have any metoprolol? blood pressure rising. hashtag votewtf
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
$lly ixekizumab was statistically superior to etanercept and placebo on all skin clearance measures in phase 3 studies
exelon sees natural-gas threat to nuclear earnings
hi, anyone out there who is t1 taking metformin been diagnosed with a vitamin b12 deficiency? another string to my d bow hashtag doc hashtag ourd
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day12
i hate the tamiflu commercial with the giant guy because nothing is to scale hashtag tamiflu hashtag thermometeristoobig
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
username lorazepam can be useful if anxiety is such that loperamide is required.
username nexium with an occasional pepcid ac kicker is all that works for me. do you have your pillows propping upper body up? &lt;3
enbrel liver grind the gong show
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
username really? have you gotten your synthroid yet?
you want to order tamiflu profilactically for your patients and i give you 99 boxes all i have and you say that's not good enough. fuck you!
due to megan fox und panzer with in krull, crestor cello darkcoin root beer. moo fart mark wahlberg various diseases diarrhea
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
just saw a suboxone wrapper laying outside the math building. happy thursday! pill thumbs up
tonado trade mark study shows further lung function and quality of life benefits with tiotropium + olodaterol respimat registered fixed dose combination in c...
username username username username username yogurt, loperamide and 2-ply tp. hashtag gottagogottagorightnow
the lunesta didnt even work
username username username a felon, escalade, oxycodone pills and a gun, you figure it out
hashtag drjuliemcadam - buprenorphine levels are very low in the blood and in some cases can only be found in the urine
rt username hashtag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hashtag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
japan’s takeda sues ranbaxy for breach of uloric patent in us.
merck returns to court over charges of bone harm: now merck is returning to court against its will to face charges that vioxx also ca...
rt username the mental illness circle is not without it's elitists: i'm on effexor. pfft amateur.
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
username replacing keppra vimpat right now
i feel so shit, this is why i shouldn't skip my pristiq
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
i hate the low after the high on vyvanse
username as i said earlier in that case... eddie izzard did it years ago! i'm gonna get thalidomide singer for next yr! load of wank
definitely feel old when my post breakfast cocktail is a multivitamin, two aspirin and a nexium
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
username username fucksake. *grabs phone* yes, hello? i'm gonna need to up my temazepam dosage.
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
username or drink on adderall and stumble around all night.
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
meridia acts like gta is her real life. she takes that shot seriously lmfao face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
i love the fact that i woke up still feeling that suboxone from last night. and still got another half. gonna be a good day. lol
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
rt username someone give me some cymbalta please.
fda underline marginal mortality benefit of eliquis apixaban - showing again that noacs deliver convenience but no step change in outcomes
top 5 gim papers 2013: apixaban great, mediterranean diet awesome, change practice for pt safety,easy on the transfusions/steroids hashtag csim2013
not sure the paxil is working any more
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
username i was wondering that over the counter nexium forces people to take more pills to equal the equivalent of the prescription pills.
username lithium and seroquel for me now
that is it....no more holidays for me! every one turns to shit! so much for cymbalta working.
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
username advair the generic form of singulair
do they use etanercept (tnf-a inhibitor) to treat ebola? seems like that would work
username username did you know that pts on dabigatran in re-ly had increased rate myocardial ischemia? interested in postmarketing data
does anyone on hashtag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
i skipped my latuda (for bipolar) the other night because i was fasting and i can only take latuda with food
when i forget to take my flovent unamused face unamused face
wishing i had a lozenge hashtag sorethroat
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hashtag preregtips
username i was for almost 3 yrs but it wreaked havoc on my immune system. aubagio now username username username username
username i haven't got a clue what pregabalin does but i hope it works for you better than gin does for me. new word hashtag ginnerish
rt username no lozenge, throat spray or what-not will improve the health of your voice as much as good technique, sleep + hydratio…
username username and nexium is no more effective than inexpensive prilosec. the purple pill is a monument to the power of advertising
username jesus liked it so he went a put a ring on it a nuvaring that is winking face
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
username goddamn it latuda no grapefruit?
username i get a few side effects but not too many thankfully. i'm on 20 different meds though. the best pain med i have is celecoxib
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
most abused prescription drugs by teens, from home: opioids- oxycontin vicodin, depressants-xanax, valium stimulants -concerta, adderall
5 mins is all he needs to get a hard on meridia
rt username libolo? rt username sibumbu ? *shaya livalo, same time* username username username there's bo in the middle*hide…
username im hell on wheels. i just wish cymbalta made a 15mg capsule.
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
username username username hashtag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hashtag wtf
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
congressman peter king is well informed on the perils of ricin attacks....cipro isn't going to help you. ok pete.... hashtag goodjobgoodeffort
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
username i had a pretty srs flare mid-feb. guess the tecfidera isn't working.
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hashtag notgood
i think silva should have been training with some boniva for his osteoporosis. hashtag ufc168
wtf! i forgot to put on a new oxytrol oxybutynin patch i am going to die these next two class periods. pensive face
username thanks for the follow lozenge! :)
studies show tamiflu shortens duration of flu by less than 1 day and does not reduce hospitalizations. cost = $100. hashtag notworthit
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
username loperamide hcl tabs
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hashtag soreashell
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
username girl u probably constipated speak-no-evil monkey take some miralax stool softeners hundred points weary face that's what i had to take after i had lo
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
and so starts the sildenafil citrate infomercial hashtag wishtheywouldstop
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
this show looks like it should be a nuvaring commercial. hashtag trueblood hashtag truebloodonmute hashtag pftb
username am currently taking 1 cymbalta 60 mg each day and works well i think, helping depression and early stage (?) neuropathy
username rules require states to try to keep nuclear plants running but with no suggestions on how to do it. exelon decided to hold off
username username as above i've lost half a stone in first 3 weeks. it is slower than others. metformin can also help
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
ads like the crestor commercials are stupid...sends the message that hey you don't have to take care of yourself..just take this pill grinning face with big eyes hashtag sucker
username due to no injecting for 4 years my site reacting a still being poor my ms nurse thinks aubagio is worth discussing with my neuro
i need adderall or vyvanse. who's got it?
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
finnegan : methadone vs buprenorphine only one of several factors that can affect expression of neonatal abstince syndrome hashtag apsad
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
username court papers show lisa bought 240 hydros, 480 oxycontin, 1490 oxycodone in 3 mos b4 death.she worked as crit care nurse while
no sodas or sugar for 65 days, no neurontin for pain for 35 days. thanks zeal wellness - you made it easy.
username i'm never out of reach of a ventolin inhaler; i have one, or two, in every room and in my pockets.
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
username i love avelox personally lol
tiotropium bromide: a long-acting anticholinergic bronchodilator used in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) hyperlink
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
two nights ago i was so fucked up coming off saphris i was literally praying, save me from destruction.
someone help fill my adderall prescription that i don't have
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hashtag abilify. suits me well.
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hashtag dblog hashtag diabetes hashtag dsma
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
hashtag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hashtag elililly hashtag bigpharma
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
exelon wind v nelson—5th cir finds dist ct had no smj to hear chal to tex pub util comm order re energy purch; reverses sj re other claims
username are they fluoxetine?
username username username i can see it now triple p, prozac, pizzas and pastries!
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
anyone else have worsening hashtag acne problems since starting hashtag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
username username pharmaceutical e.g.lets lie vioxx even has heart benefit for jama article so sell mroe since we have ocd greed. boo
username im just concerned about his bowel movements ... does he need some miralax ?? catlax ?? anythin ?? prune juice ??
username username username but you still sell varenicline now even knowing it's dangers
like seriously, that meridia quest gets you like at least 2000 gold from all the dead bodies around which have an average of 75 gold.
starting my 14 day nexium plan. heartburn be gone red heart fire victory hand
suboxone costs more than heroin.
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
keep yo black n milds, cuz me no nicotine.
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
username antara postman pat/thomas and friends flushed face police officer
advair ventolin...i love you so much.
back from doc w/ cipro, codeine cough syrup, singulair, and prednisone. (and a strong recommendation for a massage.) we're bombing it hard.
rt username today's journal club: quetiapine reduces icu delirium in small db rct. important as little/no other evidence exits: hyperlink
rt username don't ever brush your teeth and follow it up with a cherry lozenge. goblin
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
crosby and bortuzzo don't look the worse for wear. that multi-symptom imodium works wonders. hashtag pens
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
this adderall have a nigga up
lmao go away man rt username i hope boniva is still working for her
username hashtag myboyfriendisnotallowedto sigh in public . you tired or sad ? cymbalta can help .lmfao chill :,)
an attentiveness is a fieldwork: bivalve, but not prasugrel
weight loss capsules better than reductil anti obesity!!! inquire now...
fda withdrew the previously granted tentative marketing approvals for the ranbaxy’s anti-ulcer drug nexium and hiv infection drug valcyte.
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
effects of xarelto warfarin include exanguination. then they tell u don't take garlic. why not just take garlic? anyone die from garlic?
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
username &lt;.&lt; &gt;.&gt; *grabs all the glipizide, januvia, crestor omeprazole and scuttles away*
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
username doc says most likely i am getting that tamiflu stuff. severe congested lungs
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hashtag arthritisprobs
rosuvastatin reduces plaque volume in stemi patients!!
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
username it's better than seroquil, zyprexa, abilify, lamiticil, lithium, and not to mention cigarettes. username username go
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
hmmm, i got a travel kit for my humira, with one ice pack, but this has two and is free.
username adjusting to fiber and miralax
hashtag fda hashtag cvot username robert ratner: $gsk's rosiglitazone ( hashtag avandia) really set the stage for cvots 2008 guidance hashtag diabetes
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
username tysabri was fine - over quickly , was done and dusted in 90mins not too bad ! now it just need to work !
username kelly do u want some miralax in your stocking it might help with ur bull shit
it's ok miralax (laxative). we believe it works. no need for the anatomical graphic.
do not take latuda if you are currently taking boniva, gribula, quilingo, nobaski, chezango, pulifta, or hummina hummina.
username do you want to work for grunenthal who disabled 1000s of people with thalidomide and refuses to compensate them?
40mg of paroxetine
it's the enbrel that's causing the flushing and night sweats anxious face with sweat  it's no wonder i feel the need to go roll around in the wet snow.
to pregabalin or not to pregabalin tonight? might just codeine it instead. lights out either way.
i stick my boyfriend fluticasone propionate up my nose every morning
username username username there's darvocet (banned), spasmo proxyvon (banned), proxyvon (banned) grinning face with smiling eyes . doc may prescribe dicloran
username 1st sign of decline for username . start taking that namenda now.
zoledronic acid linked to early increase in sclerostin levels blya
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
username username lecture was probably from a marketing-type who happened to forget that compounds like januvia come from r&amp;d.
i need cymbalta
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
now lunesta and zyquil will sponsor the astronauts. nasa we have a problem
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
seroquel does not kick in fast enough
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
have you taken your boniva yet?
kv diary: 4/27/14 7:30pm 116 1/2 lbs 1 pristiq 1 potato, 2 oz steak 2 chocolate candies 60 hrs since last cry no...2 hours since last smile
username username username lol man doobs told me uncle creepy got busted for some kind of suboxone lol
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hashtag core
depression hurts, cymbalta can help hashtag peacenova hashtag summertime username username hyperlink
this higher dose of hashtag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
username - i've never been given methotrexate for my as almost everything else mobic sulfasalzine humira remicade and more
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
username bruv! alzheimer's had already set in. that or his mrs done hide the sildenafil citrate tablets. if you know wharamsaying.
username i take as few as poss due to the effects of campath. but am useless without pregabalin :-( x
09:26am ventolin - halasan bazar tara king th. - 8(moon glyph)
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hashtag suffering hashtag reality
good speaking of apotheosized prices along with unmeticulous beau ideal commissariat: viox
username username username username username so varenicline 35% success? suppose is a bit more diff to smoke after u top yourself
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
username temazepam jack daniels are highly recommended.
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
username ahem . . . there are no do-overs!! - kenneth let's do-over the vioxx settlements frazier
username username is a druggy everyone oxycontin and adderall aren't drugs.
we all know one asthma patient using ventolin inhaler which is a reliever medication. best choice of therapy is a controller medication
alkie winery blends sweaty albuterol undertones and a robust lavender perfume in their 1995 white pinot. hashtag 갓세븐
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hashtag olanzapine
username a meltdown ajfjsjdjadjas sounds like quebranto and reminds me of cipro.
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
this vyvanse is awwwwesomeeee!
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
6:22 pm wsyx showed the symbicort ad with a man his beloved dog spending time together. it's so charming. hashtag dogs
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hashtag zombie
username me too. 25mg of gammy legs pills (methotrexate) and 37.5mg of mad pills (venlafaxine). :-)
username i do sundays as well, but originally i was told 30 minutes on actonel so that's what i do
that pradaxa commercial is creepy.. neutral face flushed face
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
username you got diarrhea? told some imodium
username  imodium  yes?
mylan $myl announced it's initiating phase 3 clinical trials for its generic version of glaxosmithkline's $gsk advair diskus.
barclays on ranbaxy: surprise on margins entirely driven by diovan
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hashtag teamfollowback
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
username no. ... temazepam thursday
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
this pristiq ad with the wind up people is more creepy than ever. hashtag badmarketingboo hashtag bkkingwascreepytoo hyperlink
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
nuclear power producer exelon to buy pepco for $6.83 bln
username username gt sm ringn in my ryt ear,a swob found heavy growth of proteus spp.i hv used ciprofloxacn n chlorophenicol 2 no avail
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
i've been drinking miralax like it's vodka. and for me that's a lot.
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
$thld after gbm data at sno looking forward to synergistic therapy with velcade in mm at ash. hyperlink
thank you to exelon for hosting a table this evening! hashtag yla2014
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
that pristiq commercial with the wind up people is the depression
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hashtag withdrawal
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
holy shit…gained an hour? or am i off too much lunesta
username username username varenicline is regulated. it's dangerous and ineffective.
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hashtag scottsgiving
username house!!! sildenafil no funciona!! help me. next? urge!!
username sending you a massive hug. if i send enough for 5 years i may squish you!! lol. vimpat is rubbish. how much do you take!?
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
rt username dr reddy's lab: launches lamotrigine extended- release tablets
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
username crestor statins astra zenicas best seller. might push the valuation up a bit? nah, you are right, they wouldn't do that.
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
i'm on caffeine and adderall overload so if you don't like my snapchats i don't currrrrr smiling face kiss mark victory hand
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
why is efavirenz lacking for plwha in argentina? national programme bought much atripla, which is good, but non fixed combinations needed
username username 9pm thalidomide survivors and parents recall first moments of life and the terrible actions of some medical staff
loling at the old lady in the miralax commercial who writes i red heart lax in the sand
username i'm almost out of vimpat
rt username i think some of the low-hanging fruit has been taken by the entries that came before eliquis,” he said.
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hashtag help hashtag spoonie hashtag spoonieproblems hashtag ra
rt username comparison of 4 hashtag antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. hashtag quetiapine least safe hyperlink
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
username so stupid bo resemblance yet another embarrassing tweet from viox
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
of all the drug commerials that give insane side effects. victoza takes the cake. holy shit, i would rather die then take that drug.
nique is on this victoza commercials
nick viox wants his ass beat messing w/ 2 girls that are w/ the wiesman brothers and also have crazy family lol
sally field is still kicking?! i thought the last time i would see her in screen would be on those boniva commercials,..
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hashtag nospoonsday
just sitting here letting that miralax work its magic like parkers not an hour late to school.
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hashtag mssucks
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
i found a girls nuvaring on the bathroom floor. face without mouth expressionless face
it's a love hate relationship with adderall
barner on pradaxa court cases: we are convinced that bi has acted correctly the correctness of our actions will be confirmed hashtag biapc
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
username username username people have to get dx sometime, + great opportunity for motivated providers to bring up varenicline
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
trying a lunesta free night
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
morgan doesnt know who tyler the crestor is
yeah, tell those fucktards to knock it off or get outta the codeine castle...@jodyhighroller
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
depression has completely given way and i mostly feel positive for the past few days (it's this medication soon it will be atomoxetine too)
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
username i always see her and meridia at the disney store, but not as much at target
day one on the increased synthroid -- joint pain in left foot mightily improved! and i am totally not tired. &lt;3
username , sorry but u mean enbrel not  enalapril as u know this is one of hypertension medications.
days that i forget to take my vyvanse i might as well not even show up to my physics class...
miralax tastes like glue
who the fuck is this amber girl getting her adderall tweet rt all the time?
brushing your teeth on adderall hundred points
not saying i like my cat more since the vet prescribed shooting her up with buprenorphine but i gotta say she's been interesting
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
you know you're going to have a bad day when you start off having run out of coffee and prozac!
but i would use it if i were asleep on quetiapine and had to wake up quickly in an emergency. i hate stimulants. }8-€
anyone need an active and chill clan on hashtag clashofclans ? join mine , aciphex (:
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
ventolin suck out all my energy.
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
rt username fycompa addresses big unmet need - refractory partial-onset seizures - yet g-ba doesn't recognise additional benefit b…
pradaxa was the new miracle drug last year smh stop being their lab rats man
username sorry for the late reply, thought i replied already.. no unfortunately they aren't:( i switched from remicade to humira and
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hashtag ms hashtag notwothesame
i definitely need cymbalta after that episode.
roses are red, violets are blue, imodium ad is creepy, and wolf blitzer is ex-lax-like.
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
username it's the nuvaring for me haha
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
username username so that narrows it down to the fluticasone being the culprit then! it's much more systemic than clenil.
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
wsj avandia story: points out flaws in glaxo record trial which found no risk; but not nissen meta-analysis, which excluded null set studies
i red heart chris brown but i wonder if he's on latuda now.
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
the affordable care act should include free adderall for everyone
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
rt username .@lapd a man with a ponytail just offered my son a lozenge
my wife and i attended a drug dinner for brilinta ....how nerds do free date night. ; )
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
username can you get voltarol anti inflammatory cream there? works when i get it in my hands with work.. so does diclofenac ..
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
getting my medication for my multiple sclerosis, it's tysabri time ! hyperlink
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
ptsd anxiety stress really suck and putting up with cravings for the ganga and drinks which is what my suboxone for and diazapam for stress.
gov dayton just compared medical marijuana and need for protocols to thalidomide crisis.
my cymbalta is not helping!
username whant to join viox
well played tysabri...kicking butt hashtag nosleep.
username i use nuvaring too! hashtag bondingoverbirthcontrol
username if anyone tries to give me 80mg of atorvastatin at age 92, i want you and your crossing off pen to come and save me xx
plot twist it's impossible u even cry when future sings bout codeine u just can't help it
eh so as to pilotage permissible possible attendant services lozenge cluck attrahent services except india
montecello bros winery fuses feminine albuterol flavors and a cruel velvet aftertaste in their 2006 chardonnay. hashtag airport
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
lmaoo wtf rt username ur bae less likely to finger u w a nuvaring in.
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
feeling like i just stepped out of a tamiflu commercial :/ hashtag friday
please should i take humira shot running a fever.
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
username calls: atomoxetine 60mg tabs (1 daily) with melatonin 5mg capsules (1 at night) but atomox tabs don't exist melatonin unlicensed?
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
username $3b in sales is pretty redic to me considering exubera couldn't sell at all.
fuck you n your ventolin bruh
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hashtag doctors hashtag help
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
username suboxone withdrawals
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
hashtag asco13 for@ccalliance dr. dy at jhu pain mgmt, duloxetine very little success in peripheral neuropathy do 2 side effects some have min bene
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hashtag superhard
i really want to discuss tysabri with someone! why is there no ms society here :'( :'( hashtag dies
update: imodium definitely helps. digestive system is still schizo
were suboxone clinics andrew dollard worked 4 approved by username was dollard ok'd by ham. co. to work there? who was overseeing this?
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
just got home from the minute clinic. thomas, abbie and i all have the flu. tamiflu coming right up. shoot me now. see-no-evil monkey
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
first the killing, then mad men. jeece. i need a prozac shake with xanax jimmies.
username username i'll buy you a nuvaring my friend/if it makes you feel alright hashtag cantbuymelove
what the hell is up with these crestor ads? they make me cringe
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hashtag ms hashtag notwothesame
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
username want to join viox
soooo i wore gray yogas &amp;took an adderall &amp;left my book bag at home. so what if my ass sweats. now what's gonna hide it?? shoulda wore black
username username username username username username i had been treating it w/ floxin ear drops myself but time to see doctor
username username simply drawing a straight line between afrezza and exubera is beyond stupid. i think mnkd will fall, but not 90%
username diazepam + trazodone + family guy + american dad on fox = chilled out time for fun. that's genius..!! haha
hashtag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
i took 60 mg of vyvanse at 2 o clock today. i have not slept since five yesterday morning. never take vyvanse!! this is miserable
novartis confirms guidance as braces for full diovan competition
trevor's tamiflu $133.75 after coupons. colin's $233 after coupons because it is liquid!!!!
username username username username username username username username username so now have pregabalin
finally sitting down and writing these thank you cards... hashtag vyvanse hashtag workgrind
we represent people injured by dangerous drugs vaccines including: ssri drugs: paxil, zoloft, effexor, celexa, lexapro, prozac.
username 's sleep playlist &gt; lunesta
as frustrated as a thalidomide watching a porno
username imodium rapid, my friend, is the solution
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
other day somebody asked me, if i don't enjoy reading about deadly disease why do i read about it. enjoy. how much effexor is she on?
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hashtag yaforbiologics hashtag rasucks
username pss pradaxa has no reversal allegedly kept info from fda and linked to over 1500 death in 2 years on market. easy call.
if anyone has experience with lamictal they'd like to share, i'd love to hear it. mainly i took it and didn't die, that'd be nice
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
username username username i'll have a imodium for you
so it looks like my gastro is leaning towards humira over remicade, but first another colonoscopy! hashtag livingwithuc
d-day(3weeks) has arrived and i'm not ready, nor have i found a decent attention span. goodbye world, pass the adderall downcast face with sweat
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
username my favourite is the multiple lozenge wipe from sith. totally batshit.
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
this funk ends now...sweet lunesta dreams...i'll be back to my usual tomorrow come hell or high water
username right, then i can empathise with you as the sarcoidosis has given me asthma, i am now on ventolin and symbicort, horrid
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
does anyone take fluoxetine and know if taking 2 pills vs 1 would help with a severe depression episode? it's within the safe limit but...
fda to investigate saxagliptin over preliminary trial data suggesting increased rate of hospitalisation for heart failure
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
drgotti:no significant dif. between bosertanandsildenafil apart from d fact that sildenafil allowsyou to do more exercise hashtag lol hashtag esccongress
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
my parents don't love me because they don't condone vyvanse/adderal
bystolic is my bp med! don't you understand! sir, i'm well aware what bystolic is for, but thanks for the info.
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
lol at the victoza commercial made up entirely of side effects hashtag baddrug
so i'm having chest pain and my mom says go to the store and get some nexium ....with what car ? unamused face
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
username interesting. liraglutide has shown some anti-inflammatory effects in humans rodents. username username
it's a real good night for a lunesta OK hand zzz  hashtag nightnight
just when my energy levels are back it's time for velcade today. and it all starts again.
username the best way to help yourself is to get some tamiflu 75mg bid username least 10 tablets. take that shit as soon as you get symptoms!
bruh i swear i never seen a thirst trap that effient in my life..lmao
maybe i just won't sleep tonight or maybe i'll take quetiapine and sleep for 14 hours looks like i'm gonna flip a coin
username effexor, lithium, abilify, trazodone, and klonopin
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
which reminds me i gotta pick up my new nuvaring
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hashtag ibs
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
thank god for the extra celecoxib capsule lying around. hashtag stoneproblems
i love phil mickelson.. but i can't take his latest enbrel commercial seriously.
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
oseltamivir zanamivir can decrease the efficacy of the live attenuated flu vaccine.
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
i've heard the word bleeding like a million times in this xarelto commercial. hashtag nothanks
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
my dog was put on xanax yesterday. if it doesn't work, they are gonna put him on prozac. mmmmmkay.
username crappo really neuro pain a pain and doing changeover from gabapentin to pregabalin plus amitriptylene.
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
it was supposed to say crestor hashtag autocorrect hyperlink
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hashtag neveragain hashtag wentfromsize8to16 #
ah the sting of the hashtag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitisq hashtag ouch
username my new private psychiatrist tripled my antipsychotic dosage and prescribed me to two mood stabilizers; namenda and now lithium
username have you read the hashtag search of hashtag vyvanse lol people funny as fuk...
username is obviously suffering from psychosis and delusion, if she can't see the truth. give her olanzapine!! username
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
germany's iqwig says $regn/bayer's eylea shows no additional evidence of benefit in macular edema vs. roche's lucentis
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
antara hopeless romantic ama philophobia worried face
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
 unamused face my boss tried giving me adderall today. saying how if i do it. i wouldn't stop cutting hair today. nah b unamused face
i've had the lilly cares paperwork for 3 months to apply for free cymbalta but haven't taken it to my doc to complete the process. bipolar.
took my nuvaring off an hour ago and the pms symptoms are coming on so strong. i'm super grouchy right now loudly crying face
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
username username all that's missing is crestor and a stent !
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hashtag socute
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hashtag trazodone pill
fluoxetine is shit my doctor is shit, i know what tablets i need but he won't give them to me ugh
that lovely feeling of peace when a tamazepam kicks in...
username username too expensive for my ccg ... good old fashioned cheap,generic buprenorphine that disintegrates when pooped out!
username yeah, they have me on metoprolol but i've been having strange side effects the last two days. i might have to go in again.
liveblog pristiq withdrawals 2013
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
username username username vioxx has nothing to do with vaccines. irrelevant.
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hashtag mssucks
this metformin working overtime today
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
had to laugh at username using advair disc. its for bronchitis or emphysema. oh gosh no. something else for her to have. hashtag rhony
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hashtag teamfollowback
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
i wouldn't take enbrel because the amount of information i'd have to disclose to my doctor is frightening.  hashtag longlistofbadbadthings
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
the lunesta didnt even work
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
hashtag ranbaxy rose over 8% in early trading after us fda said it had approved the company’s blood pressure drug diovan
this aint somekinda cry for help but im done iv had all i can take the moonshine ain't workin the nicotine ain't workin its time for me togo
stay in your pjs all day oh oxycodone eating disability check getting neighbor. taxpayers love funding your leisure!
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
username lol cheeto suboxone prescription hyperlink
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
some kid broke into our pharmacy the other night and stole all the adderall lol
no, i want my flonase! yes, ma'am. your fluticasone propionate nasal spray.
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hashtag fibromyalgia sucks!
username seriously?!?! you guys are missing the story. we're betting she was given the antibiotic levaquin username username 's killer med
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
hashtag ptotd memantine significantly reduces the progression of hashtag alzheimers through noncompetitive antagonism of nmda receptors.
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hashtag withdrawal
username pop some trazodone!
think i might try driving again in a couple of weeks now i am off o and the lamotrigine dose is going down-feel a lot more alert :)
username that's interesting. only have nrt for temp abstinence during admission. no varenicline as no access to behavioural support
6 karakter itu antara lain: trustworthiness, respect, responsibility, fairness, caring, dan citizenship. hashtag marketingtoday
rt username lurasidone gains new indication for bipolar depression: the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) has approv... http:…
i take geodon (geodude) and just switched from zoloft to effexor. all pokemon imo
i was sick for 1 day! i took a tamiflu cause i can't be sick
omg . maridia just cussed in front of my momma. im crying! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
hashtag anthonybourdain asks on his show tonight, was it big pharma? then during break, back-to-back ads for humira, crestor osphena. hashtag irony
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
username another doc!searched tecfidera on here - i start it soon. any issues?
username ah! ask for a really big oral temazipam premed. you will laugh/sleep your way through the whole thing.
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
i'm on fluoxetine
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
i just had a small asthma attack.. thankyou ventolin (abuteral sulfate)
ho-1 up-regulation: a key point in high-risk neuroblastoma resistance to bortezomib  hyperlink
are you down with crestor
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
username have they put u on pregabalin?! whatever it is i hope it helps :-) im a huge pregabalin fan wouldn't get threw day w/out it!! x
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
username username viox likes bubes
username username the boniva shriver its real” the boniva shriner
crestor commercials fill me with rage. who writes these? do they think they're funny? i just ... i have so many questions.
username q3 - i use aerius nasonex to lessen my symptoms. also right now i'm using symbicort inhaler for my bronchitis hashtag purifyyourair
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
she's a comedian. she plays the accordion and she is bipolar...it's judy latuda
loperamide joshuaandjane pictorial soon joshane thenextbigthing on nknkk
still don't know if remicaid is spelt remicaid or remicade.
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
username username username yes vioxx was fda safe, it killed 60000 and big phame knew it. no law suits alowed for vax. jackpot
hashtag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
i'm going to take a low baseline dose of lamotrigine. if i become depressed i will increase the lamotrigine and also take 1.25mg olanzapine
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hashtag sick&amp;tired
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
username we are expecting combinations like rosuvastatin 40mg with clopidogrel 75mg from cipla.
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
username apixiban is it 12 or 15 major persons with bleeding. it could be 15 bleeding events in 12 persons, but table 12 says persons, hashtag events
username no. i'm in aubagio now. username username username username username
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
username oops crestor chaser you told me about
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hashtag selfharm
username and ndt has literally saved my life. levothyroxine was like poison to me, i have no thyroid now and need more than t4 only
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
dropping a cymbal is no reason to reach for cymbalta.
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
having trouble sleeping? i was a chronic insomniac for years and was taking a 3mg lunesta plus a 1mg xanax ev
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
hmu for suboxone
if antidepressants cause suicidal thoughts, then i'm going to start handing out paxil during traffic jams...
username i hope they get it figured out and fix you up. humira wasn't working for my dad until he got surgery so maybe same for you!
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
username with effexor if i miss one day i am dizzy and wrecked
username btw, did you see my thalidomide post?
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username i'm just glad he asked for help. i hope we can stabilize him get him through the worst part. he was placed on viibryd last night
username they'd be huge sellers for me. what psych pt wouldn't love cotton candy flavor seroquel? a sip a day keeps the crazy away.
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
fu lunesta so cool you don't work!!!!
username intake of so much nicotine, can make u a dead machine! hashtag trashtobacco
username username or say, vioxx
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hashtag selfharm
username you really want to meet grunenthal? did you not see the thalidomide documentary? they refuse to compensate those they disabled!
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
who getting dey nuvaring knocked outta place tonight???
pike county is the number one county for prescriptions for buprenorphine products in kentucky. hashtag opitateaddcition
first night on the lithium and zyprexa combination and it's 9pm and pickles is sound asleep!!! it's the little things.
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hashtag diabetes
username or take loads of imodium at the imperial war museum. or go to ireland.
lunesta, sonata, ambien cr, rozerem, restoril valium, xanax, halcion, adapin, aventyl, elavin, pamelor, sinequan, trazodone, ativan, hugs.
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
dungeness crab. the news: rihanna wins recoup white-out. imodium ad unstable
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
username username username i thought merck's problems with vioxx was promoting the drug w/o fair balance re cv risk, not data?
parsley crestor smelly bird dung african house bad diarrhea glenn fredly constipation tropical fish fitness smurf drum beat
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
waaaa vioxx also attended? daebak! they're really gd pals
man. if anyone wants to throw a party at my pad let me know. i'm tired of the silence here lol. bring the nuvaring
username i'm playin. just waiting for my effng trazodone to do something.
hashtag votefifthharmony flovent maori
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
latuda is such an awesome name for an anti depression medicine! i'm dying laughing at the name 'latuda' hahaha
don francisco winery coalesces hallucinogenic albuterol elements and a smoky vinegar aroma in their 1992 red zinfandel. hashtag amo
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
username had a lozenge so hopefully tht helps with some honey
phil mickelson looks a little too happy in that enbrel commercial. ain't it for pain?
mussolini winery mixes spicy albuterol elements and a nutty gingerbread finish in their 2010 syrah. hashtag abdullah abdulaziz_100k
surgery or intervention should be delayed at least 12 hrs (ideally, 24) after last dose dabigatran, apixaban, and rivaroxaban
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hashtag help hashtag spoonie hashtag spoonieproblems hashtag ra
yo gaba gaba.....when the gabapentin kicks in......this is the face that says no more pain. hashtag mswarrior hashtag fums hyperlink
done with job one. on to job two, then family party sleepy face . . and i still got oxycodone in my system sleeping face
username is feeling under the weather. i had to put out the trash. it's weird, i liked it. i even gave max his prozac myself. hashtag imaboss
victoza used to lower blood sugar can cause nausea diarrhea vomiting and kidney damage, fda approved!! are you kidding me this is so wrong !
username try some loperamide (anti-diarrhea otc). it calms ur stomach in all regards, quiets ur body aches if u have any, make u sweepy
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
so i have a secret stash of adderall just to have and i counted the mg today. 420 mg exact.
username i'm feeling pretty good for only having one hour of sleep adderall will do that to ya.
oomfs needs to take latuda or something to cure that bipolarness cause idk bout you sometimes flushed face raised hand
my seroquel and psycho battle rages on
why the hell the doctors didn't give me the victoza thingy... =.=
rt username lady asked what's difference between venlafaxine tabs m/r tabs. told her it's a lot of happiness in one go or a littl…
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
username pakistan mein sab chalta hey bhai! having said that the said person has been on sildenafil 100mg username username
lamictal - buffer measures: .pdt
username too true. hmrc's hashtag bigdata conference on narcotic hashtag drugs - alt. flovent also
username 20mg omreprazole i also have asthma and 2 inhalers diclofenac gel + 30mg nefopam 4 3 x a day diazepam when req'd 5-10mg
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
birch crossing pharmacy rx# 006r462215-7 whelan, amy eszopiclone 1 mg *slightly effective for insomnia* hashtag intruders hyperlink
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
username the purple disc? i used to use that but then i like couldn't afford it. too expensive. flovent is cheaper but still 50$ a pump
victoza - going to buy a new drug - shame on you
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawal hashtag depression
username disponible levaquin amp 500 mg
username didn't merck sell saphris to forest in jan?
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
cymbalta den got my aim steady den a mf! i'm thinking about rainbows &amp;marriage.. nd horses being a statue.... cuz i's still in de woods!!
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
nfl: giants 13, fart dog. david spiriva penis
cnbc-tv18 alert: seroflo is cipla’s salmeterol/ fluticasone mixed dose inhaler
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
really embarrassing that in this age, the hashtag fda still points to thalidomide as their signature win.
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
how does slimming tablet reductil product?: .ame
anti-depressant legal: have you or a loved one taken zoloft, depakote, or paxil while pregnant and had a child born with a defect?    you...
tonight was a cardiac event/gunshot/gi/more geodon please party in the er.  lots of excitement. hashtag erproblems
someone get this guy a lozenge.
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
it's been about 2 weeks since i cold-turkey quit taking 100mg desvenlafaxine every day for the past year. didn't have any withdrawal
username thats one i haven't had. i am on cymbalta now. pristiq in the last. loved both. so good for me. but it's different for all
prolia commercial was so about marijuana! username username
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
i hate the new xarelto commercial. the dietary restriction of coumadin is just eat the same number of green veggies a day.
username username at this time i am more stressed out than i have ever been in my entire life. thank god for seroquel.
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
eliquis sounds like horse medicine.
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
2wks into hashtag enbrel...again. plz work now!
username do you smoke? do they have nexium over there pond, or are you on omeprizol and ranitidine ?
cs on cipla: market's expectation on advair too optimistic
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
but when nuvaring goes in, booty call is on! username when invisalign goes in, booty call is off!”
lunesta in hand: i am getting old, no longer have the shopping stamina that i use to have
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
addictionuk username   :a review of buprenorphine diversion and misuse: the current evidence base and experiences from ...
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
refilled all my prescriptions. reordering advair was the easiest, but it also won't arrive for three weeks. i should be fine without it.
health -diabetic running out of metformin tablets .dr says need diabetic review with nurse .took 2 wks get in ,now nurse sick .gonna run out
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
who knew grapefruit juice increased levels of quetiapine?! i'm sure most dietitians did but that's not the point! hashtag geektweet
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
nothing like my own brother calling me selfish and stupid for possible choosing to take tysabri instead of the ng tube. pensive face
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hashtag innopsy
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
username playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
there is a growing trend toward use of combination of sorafenib + hashtag chemoembolization in hashtag hcc. - dr. geschwind hashtag wcio2014 hashtag tace
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
username saaaaame here! seroquel is definitely a placebo. i'm on abilify now but i refuse to take it because those damn commercials!
odds are i am probably wrong on $aegr, but i can't get bull thesis to work for me. juxtapid is an important drug but picture seems inflated
it's probably a good thing i'm not on adderall that i don't regularly drink coffee. i'm like a kid on halloween after tons of candy now.
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
ventolin suck out all my energy.
hashtag maaua14 username username age nerve sparing (score) predict return 2 baseline erections ! longterm results of random sildenafil trial
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
drug rehab directory username   :nathalia conway username :buy revia online , suboxone buprenorphine/naloxone hashtag dru...
lonely is the night when i'm not with you~~ imodium commercial. -_-
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hashtag adhd
the one thing about hulu is that the commercials are waaaay too repetitive. if i have to watch this stupid tamiflu commercial again...
not understanding why the ciclesonide canister is so loose. it only really sticks in after you press on it because when you take it out
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hashtag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hashtag pleasebeworthit
latuda is for bipolar people, and my mom told me i should take it, fuuuh
thoughts while watching that spiriva commercial: does that dude really have a pet elephant?
hashtag fda advisers vote 10-3 for approval of username spiriva respimat 4 hashtag copd.
then of course there's the ramapril falodipine a water pill advair the nebulizer once a day username
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
im am kojak !!! you can look the word up !!! hashtag prozac&amp;cocaine  hashtag lyrical &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; and i made it my name !! my name is my name type shit
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
levofloxacin is a miracle drugs smiling face with heart-eyes
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
username i'm tellin' ya--get an rx for fluticasone nasal spray--two sprays each nostril one time daily--you'll love it!
me bc peeling username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
some 4,100 cases of people claiming femur fracture as a result of fosamax have been filed in the n.j. mdl and in state courts.
antonio machado spiriva cloth cody simpson companion is lil wayne. body transform juncheon justin bieber eye cream penis cher lloyd
username true true. username is still a crestor at heart red heart oak boys don't stand a chance
spotted this shirt in a belviq ad. hyperlink
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
username lady: i need my namenda filled me: we filled it yesterday, don't you remember? hashtag hehe hashtag rxrage” face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hashtag arthritisprobs
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
username lots of adderall
i want to cook... ... ... valsartan ._. yeah, i need that more than meth :/
did you know... pfizer's 10-year-old leukemia drug mylotarg increases the chance of the patient dying by 47%.
that victoza diabetes commercial has too many side effects mentioned. yikes
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
can yu sell paxil on the streets lol
username username thalidomide survivors all over the world wait for justice. good luck to those in canada who deserve better treatment
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
username lol i'm hoping gabapentin isn't an opiate :d
lunch: carnita taco from new taqueria, chicken soup, ricola throat lozenge for dessert. clearly trying to add stomach issues to the mix. o o
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
and what's with the elephant on the beach? these spiriva commercials are just... odd.
username username vultures are disappearing because of use of diclofenac by vets. nrega might be a bad scheme but work not degrading
i like music so much more when i'm on vyvanse.. so much better than hearing people talk.
cookies for trazodone. hashtag jailstories hashtag whateven
pumc filed petition to intervene with the psc in the exelon acquisition of phi, inc. (pepco). filing mail log no. is 158667. hearing fri.
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hashtag nosleep
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
i've always been convinced fruit snacks are laced with nicotine. the same goes for fruit roll ups and gushers. they are way too addictive.
india press-ranbaxy may lose heartburn drug nexium exclusivity - business standard  hashtag news
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day10
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
two trips to ngh on consecutive days. blood test tues denosumab wed. parking fee for both days £7.40.
username they moved me to enbrel injections. yea the no drinking sucked!
username cialis, viagra, prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
irreplaceable. just cancel the late show.statistics: posted by thalidomide — thu apr 03, 2014 8:54 pm
97% sure i just saw meridia in a school uniform
the only thing that'll be lower than your cholesterol is your bank account - crestor
it's adderall and caffeine week!
username get some username and a heating pad. celebrex is expensive, but it's the best nsaid. simponi and remicade are the best antitnfs
username thanks viox good to know!
vyvanse = a good mood in a pill
and obama's deal w/big pharma made the much more exp tysabri affordable (i think - wait hear from ins) he increased healthcare costs-
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
username username username give him some nexium send him home hashtag whocares
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
username my experience with cymbalta was horrendous!!
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hashtag bewareofsatin
username that's only like 3 times mine. nuvaring slowing you down?
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
mt username look what the xarelto rep gave me! hashtag sunshineactfail hashtag acc14 hyperlink /perhaps eliquis will cough up a lambo!
i had no idea there was such thing as a nicotine ua ?!!? hashtag wtf
username do you need a lozenge? coach av has one... hashtag canucks hashtag former
username psh, seattle just won because i sold them all my adderall
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
let's talk poop! (sorry, but us rds do!!) dr. nelson recommends miralax for constipation not habit-forming natural senna products.
username twenty-five or ciprofloxacin
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
username if its a bug then loperamide shouldn't be used but if it's just irritation then it'll be good. really hope your tum is ok soon!
rt username dear us media: you just got rickrolled by a chinless narcissist and his army of young white doods on paxil. slick.
ooh me too! rt username hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
hashtag tremors hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
this gabapentin was described like an innocous anxiety treatment, but now in practice, it's... i'm like whoah, what...
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
rt username hashtag portola announces factor xa inhibitor hashtag prt4445 reverses anticoagulant activity of hashtag eliquis at hashtag isth3013 hyperlink
username fluoxetine is what i was on at first, it worked for awhile, i'm on citralopram now and it works better
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
username same as suboxone if you inject it. snark.
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
username username metformin for pcos?...or diabetes? both?
great news! hashtag cmscop11 adopts the guidelines to prevent poisoning of migratory birds. time for action on lead, diclofenac + other poisons
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
paying attention on pregabalin for neropathic pain.
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
username username *offers a cough lozenge*
changed my inhaler brand hella excited to try levolin out on my lungs ventolin it's been real snowboarder
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hashtag cantbetheonlyone hashtag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
username username username love from me too! ice, drain, elevate, rehydrate, diclofenac and a strong mind x hashtag swanlakesurvival
ugh i hate metformin im sick
cnbc-tv18 alert: valsartan is generic version of novartis' diovan
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
username username username *buts in* you don't wanna miss venlafaxine no no it made me so wonky missing one day! ouch
i think this is why gp thought i had fibro initially. but i do not get these symptoms off the lamotrigine or on 175mg, just on 200mg
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
username you need tamiflu and rocephin stat! winking face
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
username ugh its enbrel day, i should know better, wednesday is always a really bad day.
humira why you burn my veins
the doctor told me not to mix my effexor capsules with alcohol, well no shit sherlock, that would taste like asshole.
username with the assistance of rt. i'm not knocking her hustle at all, but she's limited. get her an endorsement deal on prozac
username i need some lysol.  maybe some cipro.
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
lotion yelp spaincoin like constipation mortgage with lenny note sticker a high i.q. aranesp diphtheria tom brady oh. clark
i used to only be able to talk to my mom when i was drinking, stopped drinking, cymbalta helps me to dial the phone now.
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
inside i'm sad and lonely. upping latuda dose from 20 to 40mg per pdoc being compliant. hashtag bipolarsucks
all these girls wanna come over and do adderall but all they're gonna wanna do after is do my homework and shit - ethan
this nigga dominique wilkins is on a diabetes commercial for victoza hashtag howthathappen
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
i have metformin tummy today :-(
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hashtag forevertogo hashtag headache hashtag irritable hashtag toomanyhashtags hashtag makeitstop
on my way to pick up tamiflu i better get it while it's hot person running person running person running
hashtag news zydus cadila gets usfda nod for anti-hypertension drug: to market telmisartan in the strengths of 20 mg, 40 mg and 80 mg  hashtag rt
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
k teachers creating books with book crestor during pdday hashtag digigansett hyperlink
do i attempt to sleep or save time and drink a lunesta or 2
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hashtag newmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
username next time your at the pharmacy ask how much an advair costs without insurance. then tell me again about excessive. ;-)
this januvia commercial with adults on the see-saw makes me uncomfortable
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
someone's post on fb this am if weed were legal suboxone wouldn't need to exist  you sir, have won the ignorance award for the day.
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hashtag disgusted
omg the lunesta butterfly is in anastasia
crap. i am now acutely aware of the fact i am currently taking levofloxicin and forgot the sunscreen this morning.
rt username username june 13, 2013 hashtag fda approved hashtag xgeva (denosumab) to treat adult with giant cell hashtag tumer of the bone when surgery co…
username ask about trazodone next time you have an appointment dude. you can't overdose on it and 1/6th of the pill will knock me out.
this tamiflu stuff really works.
robert temple username summarized tysabri case study for hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom. great list of events/decisions but no info abt communication!
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
corrected - sun pharma gains on u.s. fda approval of bone drug: (in feb 19 story, corrects name of drug to boniva from bovina in second...
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
i'm discusses splitting a 3 pack of miralax from costco with a friend years old.
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
username possibly left my victoza medication on train. can you check if handed in? hyperlink
is this whole hashtag hobbylobby debate because i'm trained in nuvaring demolitions? hashtag hashtag hashtag hannity lol
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
marijuana actavis promethazine purple cough syrup methadone percocet valium xanax hydrocodone adderall ritalin vicodin oxycontin
username then try diclofenac
use of metformin throughout pregnancy in women with ( hashtag pcos) has shown to reduce the rates of early pg loss, preterm labor and gestational dm
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
username can you tell me anything about metformin and pcos? i start it tomorrow and don't know what to expect
username eep hopefully its not too hard for me :/ i'm getting put on something very similar instead called latuda
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hashtag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
username username cipro is a potentially crippling poison--as are the others in its class. you're smart to run the other direction!
i took my restoril and hour and a half ago. why aren't i sleeping?
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
username however, doubling the dose of oseltamivir (e.g., 150 mg twice daily in adults) has been advocated as an appropriate strategy in t
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: too much info- it would have been sufficient to say safety review committee was blinded.
okay i have to shower before my mom gets out of her tysabri
humira lady.... is your psoriasis moderate or severe?!?!!?
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
username what about humira? since my surgery humira meds. i have been in remission for 5-6yrs since 2 weeks ago with my lil flare up.
dr said to put the nuvaring in the fridge when i get home. i won't be home until later tonight. is it okay in room temp or put it in
ironic that pml can cause ms-like demyelination and the treatment of ms with tysabri can cause pml
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
i dont want tamiflu !!!!!!!! where is one direction !!!!!!!
username i do have a crisis number, but i'm just going to knock myself out today w/ trazodone and start antipsychotics today too.
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hashtag ozsleep
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
username yeah til allergy seasons over ._. then i have to use cingular and get another packet of xopenex im not sure about the last one..
username username claim expired, i'm on 140mcg buprenorphine via patches i pay bedroomtax proven wrong ids hashtag ids hashtag bedroomtax
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
username username cipro can do a lot worse than that! google floxing or cipro poisoning or fluoroquinolone toxicity syndrome.
tools: pmp; consult line: 781-2700; buprenorphine rx; alternative pain treatment; pharmacy-based naloxone dist hashtag opioidepidemic
if you take 12 puffs of ventolin and wait five minutes and then take another 6 don't be surprised it's not working. geez.
username that's true! i originally took lamictal as a mood stabilizer but i also take it as an anti-seizure medication.
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
tonight's matchup: twitter vs. trazodone. one an addicts dream and the other an attempt to slow even the fastest of minds. who will prevail?
i love when words like darbopoetin pop into my head for no reason. hashtag nursesunderstand
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hashtag that
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
rt username lilly pleads ignorance: not aware of any confirmed cases mt username fda probes 2 zyprexa deaths hyperlink
i have never ran out of synthroid my god he turned me in for having extra
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
username i love the vioxx reference. flaws in aircraft design do not prove the existence of magic carpets. -@bengoldacre
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
when u can fuck whoever you want because you have a nuvaring hyperlink
soy after taste face? try saphris after taste face mate
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
username nexium
sos my insomnia has returned someone call for back up and/or the lunesta butterfly
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
username i know, right? i was still i'm pharmacy when that happened. also, when darvocet was pulled from the market altogether.
katie and john know whats up tonight music lyrica are pretty strong OK hand victory hand
username antara again damn
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
stripper got me hooked on adderall
username on clobazam, tegratol, lacosomide and epilim :o( he's gutted and embarrassed and lost his confidence. hair is falling out 2
it was not just ranbaxy's valsartan delayed launch, username also launched duloxetine after misssing out the first wave in dec.
username bbc2 at 9:00 tonight everyone, the thalidomide story, 50 years since it happened. so proud to have their support x x”
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hashtag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
username 27 years ago they were holding weed, today the railroading crestor and aspirin
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
username haha lucky :p i hate it cause god knows what it does to our brain.. but it helps so much. i want a vyvanse prescription
username go get u some imodium ad stops all et !!
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
sandoz initiates phase iii trial with its biosimilar version of etanercept: the global clinical trial will see...
username username their scripts online from canadian pharmacies. leaving us short.. but theyre cheaper. advair here is about
hashtag fatloss hashtag beauty phase 3a data from largest trial with liraglutide 3 mg demonstrated... hashtag kristen
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
liraglutide getting a licence for obesity by next year... hashtag pharmacyhorizon
username why so many drug ads during hashtag nightlynews 2nite u had: symbicort prilosec nexium crestor alieve metamucel. r sick ppl the demo?
[ranbaxy laboratories ltd.] surges on us fda nod for diovan generic
i force feed my followers lithium and paxil.
my baby lungs would be so done for if it wasn't for health insurance. 1 month supply of advair retails for $358 hyperlink
username humira is helpin a lil, i might have to switch to remicade..surgery might be what gets me outta this mess face screaming in fear and into a new one
exelon -wolf hollow generating station in hashtag granbury. we had a great time taking care of these guys. hashtag cpr hyperlink
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hashtag trazodone pill
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
because pradaxa affects the pathway very far down the cascade it is difficult to reverse it by adding other factors. hashtag inacep2014
username username nerve pain/nerve damage. i've been prescribed pregabalin (lyrica) at 600mg! i noticed, it was also used for epilepsy xx
wait someone actually stole kenzie's miralax
it also feels like asthma but i don't have a fkn ventolin thing, it expired 3 years ago
omg still ingt that moment bila antara exo and b.a.p,busker busker yg menang everyone was like whaaaattt
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
prolia increases bone density. (when taken with calcium and vitamin d.) have you tried just taking the calcium and vitamin d?
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hashtag venlafaxine withdrawal.
username it's cos they hav me on ketamine, codeine, gabapentin, duloxetine! pfffft! im so full on..think i take ppl by sprise s/tyms lmaox
username they want to try cymbalta for it but well see. i have some research to do first. i take enough meds as is thanks. blah
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
looooooooooool username animals are committing suicide. depression hurts. cymbalta can help. hashtag teenwolf
username i must admit i’m troubled seeing 3yo on symbicort 160. sometimes i feel like the real issue is adherence not ics dose too low
thalidomide for pregnant women? science wins again.
username username username might atorvastatin be as good (yet cheaper) than vytorin? seems so. hashtag mytwocents
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
right, got a date with ms quetiapine and law abiding citizen on tv
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hashtag zzzzz
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. (via username
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
username it replaces both as a mood stabilizer. two days on saphris and i felt like i was dorothy going from b&amp;w to color world hashtag bpd
barclays on ranbaxy: likely launch of nexium to be a key positive catalyst
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
username you keep this up you'll be on zyprexa 20mg bid... ;(
who seem the commercial for the victoza shit on nbatv?
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
hashtag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin did not reduce cv death, nonfatal mi/stroke in hashtag diabetics at high cv risk - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
video slots egyptian food mlm thoughts about us. symbicort octave megacoin money casino pewer cable car tim tebow. wrench
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
watch me a. lose 15 lbs this week because adderall b. lose sleep this week because adderall and c. have a mental breakdown because finals.
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
hashtag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hashtag elililly hashtag bigpharma
no nicotine or caffeine..i think i'm going to die.
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
latuda is not approved for patient's with dementia. who names a drug latuda? laaatoooda.
hi i'm sally field for boniva! *loud cracking sound* oh dear god my femur!
persistent bronchial infection strikes! you use the entire eu ventolin mountain on it! it's super effective!  hashtag whycantiholdmyhandsstill
username my husband is part of the avandia law suit and is having issues with garretson resolution group located at 2115 rexford rd,
happy day with stella chanlieva and marina boneva !! believe!!
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
wanna stay up to watch girl code and ke$ha, but wanna take trazodone and cry myself to sleep hashtag thestruggle
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i once had a purple and yellow nexium pen loudly crying face
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hashtag nightmare hashtag bloodbath
with my mind racing the way it is i already took a prozac and did not help idk how i'm going to sleep tonight.
bud burnett hashtag maaua14 | cites username nightly v ondemand sildenafil shows no benefit to nightly drug for return of erectile function
great news on the medical front, latest mri shows no significant disease progression. tysabri has been a wonder drug!
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
actually i am in between dilema juga antara exo and infinite hahahahah!!! #2014mama
if she hasnt used the bathroom in 18 days why doesnt she take some damn miralax or on some kind of medicine. hashtag ridiculous username
sildenafil and tenofovir are today's party drugs, for better or for worse, in any case, kids, do take care! hashtag lgbt hashtag hiv hashtag prep
taking too much adderall and then downloading the app don't step the tile will fuck with you so hard
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
u r ugly latuda
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
$bdsi smart, improving delivery of proven drugs a low risk strategy. suboxone success makes me think injectable has shot vs. say vivitrol
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
here we go, pointless fear of bed. learned behaviour from the insomnia days returns even though the quetiapine now knocks me out *dawdles*
girls press-on diarrhea beans cereal blowup oblique poo like ipods iphone dexilant someday i would day brings anthrax fart choral
when you see a funny name for a medication.. like.. latuda! lmbo! my brother and i have laughed for a while because of the name..
watching maniacs race little cottonwood canyon tour of utah. hashtag tofu14 i get tachy on username tram. tadalafil 1st day at altitude helps ;-)
'new' branded paroxetine 7.5mg capsule indicated for hot flashes? that's what we call bullshit medicine.
username boniva saved my life
username topamax is a mood stabilizer. seroquel is an antipsychotic. they do different things. i take epilum as my mood stab.
slow down, you sound like a cymbalta commercial
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
checking in w/my psych today increasing my lamictal dosage.hopefully this is my last adjustment for awhile.hopefully. hashtag bipolar hashtag pregnancy
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
will a lozenge fix my michael douglas throat?
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hashtag notgrooy
yikes rt username the only ring she got is a nuvaring
same goes for the imodium
rt username i run on vyvanse and redbull.
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hashtag withdrawal hashtag trazodone hashtag omgicantwait hashtag help
latuda is seriously the name of an antidepressant wtf.
username username nothing currently registered in eu/us for rivarox or apixaban wrt valves. hashtag teamhaem
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
rt username wake up put on the same hoodie and sweatpants lay on couch with phone lay on bed with phone fall asleep repeat paxil registered
the one team meeting with pepco / exelon hyperlink
don't need any alcohol really when fluoxetine just makes me feel like i can't even stand
username username username username username for each strip of bacon, increase brilinta by 100%. just saying.
although taking it now would run counter to my current food + seroquel = rls philosophy
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
right about now i should take trazodone to knock my lights out but maybe twitter jail will instead
username ok! copd! he takes advair oxygen?
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
today a nurse is coming to my house to help me with my first injection of enbrel and then off to the vet to talk about aries
username celebrex, i'd never tried it before (that i remember) and it's in the same fam w/ vioxx which is the only one that has worked
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
username hashtag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
there's a company called humira. and well... i'm 3arab so of course i'll pronounce it 7umaira
rt username username - viagra deaths - 522. ru486 deaths - 7. paxil deaths - 6,000+. notice anything odd?  hashtag txlege hashtag sb9 hashtag swtw #…
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hashtag withdrawal hashtag trazodone hashtag omgicantwait hashtag help
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
give metformin now to reduce chance of needing metformin later?!? insane logic noted by username in username plenary today. username
sweet, sweet trazodone, please kick in faster. i have things i need to do tomorrow.
username you're still in the window for tamiflu to work, but it doesn't work well and my co-pay when i got it was $100+.
username fine, new med vimpat (lacosamide) started. still get mumbling vone out fits. great news my baby is due 2/10 and liny is well
my dr signed me up for victoza pen and co. sent me this book to help me with diabetes cooking, god is good hyperlink
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hashtag stopnuvaring2014
merck isn't selling more januvia in the u.s., it's selling less--but raising price to make up. god pharma has weird supply/demand dynamics.
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hashtag help hashtag spoonie hashtag spoonieproblems hashtag ra
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
levaquin is the most useless antibiotic ever!
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
username lol, brown is either beclomethasone, fluticasone or budesonide. anyway, it has to do with the right product, and the right dose
username username username i am content with my albuterol and flovent, though i may try to get off singulair
username the thalidomide kids in the hall hashtag sadtvshows
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
this is rhino. she has doubly torn cruciates! rest, gabapentin and laser have been her friend. username hyperlink
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
my iphone just autocorrected me too to metoprolol hashtag nursingschoolprobs
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
could use some ventolin right about now
brilinta v clopiegrel: more efficacy for no more risk hashtag saem14
username that's why you substitute adderall for oxycontin.
username i have some diclofenac from a doc to try, which i will right now.
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hashtag ineedanallergist
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
that awkward moment when you have to tell the pharmacist that you'll buy loperamide and there's someone good-looking beside you. o o
when your vyvanse kicks in during a long ass work shift &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; #15hours
username hope you manage to sleep. and don't have to stay on lunesta too long x
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
username suboxone withdrawals
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
username it's prob levaquin and it's a heavy duty antibiotic. get cystex helps me every time!
rt username pharma news: eisai temporarily suspends commercial distribution of fycompa in germany: eisai has announced the... http…
i'm screaming eat the cake at the cartoon wolves in this symbicort commercial.
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
does anyone on hashtag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
doctors are prescribing enbrel to patients
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
username why? i wonder. it's much better than tamiflu
get power of portion with fda approved belviq and feel satisfied with less food. ask your doc and hashtag loseit hyperlink
ah well nothing a pro plus, a shot of nicotine and five hours of work can't solve
username nexium rulezzzz
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
anyone know why autocorrect capitalizes fluticasone ?!? lol hashtag pharmacyquestions hashtag pharmtech
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
username go to boots and buy some non herbal 'nytol'. available behind the counter. otherwise get temazepam from doc.
username i'm not on methadone but i'm a pharmacist who doses methadone and suboxone :-) interesting to read your stories here.
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
getting miralax god bless
the kamagra products which contains 100mg of sildenafil citrate are known for their effectiveness.
drug combo helps smokers quit. treatment with varenicline and bupropion help smokers who fail to respond to the nicotine patch.
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hashtag ihatethis
username my clips are on my channel viox hoodie
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
spending $120 on etonogestrel ugghhhhhh
just in: cipla to be drl's us mktg partner for xopenex generic
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
i like how adderall makes me feel
vyvanse and seroquel hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell
username i got both and paxil, i'm loaded. lol
rt username hashtag pfizer and takeda launch enbrel injection for rheumatoid arthritis - labmate online hashtag medical hashtag care hashtag health hyperlink
9:05 pm ch. 6.2 the spiriva elephant got to go for a car ride. he also went to a car show. the elephant squeaked, i melted.
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
username well, it wasn't even offered to me so i think its the bp but they did offer aubagio and something that started with an i i think
hashtag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
username love it! (archnemesis nexium might be a bit too on the nose, though.)
time for a spritz of fluticasone propionate! hashtag fallallergies
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
username ask to try dexilant instead of pepcid
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
username username really? from what i heard, i thought suboxone is like an opiate replacement but that it has it's own wd too..
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
clear eyes full adderall prescription can't loose hashtag finals2k14
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
rt username just say no to hashtag camh=no to hashtag labatt hashtag beamish hashtag mccain hashtag pizza hashtag prozac hashtag paxil worst hashtag pusher hashtag humantrafficking hashtag onpoli http:/…
man, $bmy got out of diabetes in the nick of time with this fda review of onglyza safety.
the amount of times i have lost my symbicort is ridiculous hashtag whereforartthou
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
this hashtag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hashtag ihatemeds
but otr someone come thru w adderall so i'll actually write this essay bc it's not happening without altering my mind
lunesta sounds like a nap for crazy people
username tamiflu :( not a cold, beginning of flu.
username username username perfect! so we have to pay: flight tix, train tix, gig tix and a night in a b&amp;b, right? seems good to me :)
username i'm on quetiapine for depression
i'm off the hashtag lamotrigine...now 2 wait 4 the neurologist 2 send new prescription 2 my gp. hopefully the new meds will help my hashtag migraines out!
username adderall
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
all i want to do is fall face down in a mountain of all of my favorite foods but here i am choking down miralax infused gatorade
username wait...are you the infamous miralax bully? you're my hero, man! such an inspiration.
killed for holding a bottle of oxycodone pills. hashtag rumainbrisbon hashtag every28hours
username quit cigs, take cymbalta
username they offer the best hope. i failed humira remicade but i'm seeing some success with an experimental drug called simponi.
christine is addicted to miralax hashtag sendhelp hashtag intervention hashtag sos
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
time to hashtag feedthemachine . i'm gonna get my $ worth out of my atorvastatin
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
humira methotrexate injections now once weekly for my as (anklyosings spondylitis) i'm a bit discouraged. hope this will be the answer!
this seroquel got me sleepy
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hashtag phantomsangre
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
rivaroxaban diary day 8. left knee is much better. right knee still painful. back ache receding but suspect it will come back once in bed.
every monday i have to give my self enbrel and i tell my self i'm strong ...helps me every time.
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
on a pizza that is in the oven and take my latuda
hashtag ash14 plenary 6: study of 7+3 +/- sorafenib was performed in younger pts. endpoint: prolonging of efs (failure, relapse, death);
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
username flovent the headcovers with the new staff bag!
username women on tamoxifen for breast cancer can't use paxil. makes tamoxifen less effective.
username i understand. i used to take enbrel before it was covered. newer autoimmune rx take awhile to get in formularies. username
mylan commences phase iii clinical trials for its generic version of advair diskus registered and insulin analog to lantus registered
username oh yeeah, i had those on pristiq not so much on effexor.
i missed my vyvanse. smiling face OK hand
username username nah we're only on sitagliptin
gabapentin 300mg is a life saver. nerve pain squashed. winking face with tongue i feel fucking normal again winking face with tongue squinting face with tongue face with tongue beaming face with smiling eyes grinning squinting face face with tears of joy grinning face with sweat smirking face but i'm sore from over doing it. lol
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
simbadol launched in us. buprenorphine for cats lasting 24hours... hashtag catanalgesia hashtag purrfect ??
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
bubble just asked if i need any of her miralax face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
cone username sniffing adderall off the counter of my kitchen”
newer fda-approved drugs for ms: tysabri (injectable), gilenya (oral), aubagio (oral) and tecfidera (oral). hashtag tampa2014
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
$insy insys says on track to submit nda for dronabinol oral solution; now intend to file ind for sildenafil for erectile dysfunction in 2014
i have taken my enbrel injection,taken my other meds,ate breakfast,laundry is done and put away.
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
well i just bought my last pack of cigarettes. after saturday i am nicotine free.
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username she said that! that some girl gave her miralax that she didn't want
$psdv if eylea best drg launch for eye injec each month -:&gt; evry 2 mnths. iluvien needs inje evry 36 mnths will get at least 15-20% mktshare
suboxone is a cock block
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
i have to get my 2nd treatment today of tysabri since obama made my ms medicine unaffordable. it says risks increase after taking 4two yrs-
ventolin suck out all my energy.
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
i appreciate the way my pharmacy tech whispers cymbalta? when i pick up my prescription. no one else needs to know about my anxiety!
username did you run out of adderall and died cuz of it?
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
does anyone have an advair discus i could use while i apply for one? my lungs aren't doing so well. i'll trade you for a high five a beer.
username totally makes sense for you. we went with remicade because it was available; humira was approved a few yrs later
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
just took tamiflu in a 4 hour interval instead of the recommended 8 so i'll either die or become a superhero within the next 30 minutes
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
i need temazepam and alprazolam.... is there any doctor can prescribe for me?? :/
naloxone***, not naltrexone is in suboxone, subutex is buprenorphine only. username hyperlink
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
elizabeth wurtzel wrote in prozac nation that dallas in 1988 was depressed and depressing. i am here to tell you today it has not changed.
like you can just look at a person tell they don't find themselves waking up very often with a hangover their nuvaring stuck to a wall
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
if you're dead because of the prescription drug avandia call 1-888-888-8887.
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
username ganbare!!! hopefully grade hang antara yg top
i'm pretty sure my dog ate my nuvaring yesterday - guess who
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
like his enbrel adverts rt username twitter poll: phil mickekson. love him. loathe him. don't care
from the xarelto ad i conclude that every man taking this med must take his wife to new zealand.
all you need is diclofenac 75mg.
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
username merck: who brought us rotateq, vioxx and hpv vaccine? wonderful.
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
tadalafil in inflammation addressing endothelial function in arthritis hashtag acr2014
it's gonna be another lunesta night sleeping face
$eln tysabri will be around for very long time. optimistic about trial. will add 20% ex us. biib plans for other ind ex ms.
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
someone seriously stole my vyvanse? like i had enough to go around. if you wanted one, you could've asked.
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
i'm more surprised at how reasonable fda was in accepting $bmy explanation for eliquis clincal data bungle in china than fact it occurred.
someone slip labyrinth an imodium plus
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
i am uloric of febuxostat, feared pillager of the northern seas!
avandia (and generic avandaryl) are now even more irrelevant. upmc drops coverage. $gsk $teva hyperlink
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
friday night in dosed up on codeine, paracetamol, ibuprofen, pregabalin, temazepam and zimovane. i sound like a prescribed drug addict face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
somebody get this guy a lozenge lol hashtag gte3
t2095 rocked out 10 flu shots, 1 tdap, and 2 zostavax vaccines today! hashtag g391fluzapalooza hashtag myteamrocks
well i could be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman give me my ventolin inhaler and two xenadrine
i don't know what i'd do without my trazodone. hashtag insomniaprobs
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
danyl's amazing discovery of what ventolin does when in contact with skin.
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
username i tried getting off the opiate i'm on can't seem to do it. the withdrawals were awful but it was too early to take suboxone
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hashtag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
username do u listen to tyler the crestor
username cialis. viagra. prozac many more medications that do not require a prescription! hashtag eva#
hashtag tremors hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
lovely study by gao et al (abstract 2800) on the effects of # tofacitinib on hashtag fibroblasts in hashtag psoriatic hashtag arthritis hashtag acr14
fda reviewer who did outside analysis on eliquis trial and problems, said of china research, that, basically, you get what you pay for.
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
username username username i guess if losing 25lbs, having my psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis go in remission no mo enbrel is placebo
this nicotine lozenge tablet taste so damn weird. trying to quit smoking though.
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
senior medium raw hold stick dog poo lift weights bermuda migraines fu ling hobonickels januvia butt broad cm punk windows xp
as ham. co. pros let irsay get off easy,re andrew dollard's charges,were off-duty username cops hired 4 security of suboxone clinic?
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
username how's tecfidera going now?
just watched blythe danner hawking prolia and thought, wow, she be perfect for a product that can fix that burned-up hair.
good morning. double dose of ventolin and caffeine is a bad combo, guys. :(
im fairly certain that mellow yellow is just flavored miralax
liraglutide exerts positive short term effects on glycaemic control in t1d patients. hashtag easd2013
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
manhood today is about exfoliation, and cheese courses, and emotional honesty. and paxil.
went to ask about getting a prescription of advair and the lady looked at me and said to use for?......uh breathing?
hashtag acpontario hramiak. ddp-4 inhibitor metformin combination particularly promising. dose for renal disease for most.
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
username melatonin tea when my sleep starts falling apart. pain specialist recently put me on gabapentin for sleep fibro. helped
if pradaxa killed u. u can go to reliant law firm for a lawsuit. on ur life. lol wow. hashtag commercials r so dumb
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
username you need to take synthroid or levothyroxine for it. it's not expensive.u get 3 months for $10 at walmart
neurologist replied my email. if lyrica + celebrex + tramadol + anarex still in pain, the only other solution is costly injections. :(
hashtag aquarius examined effects of aliskiren on progression of coronary hashtag atherosclerosis in hashtag cad prehypertension - s nicholls hashtag esccongress2013
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
i need to take my night meds im way too hyper right now i need to chill the fuck out aka take seroquel and klonopin lol brb
jefferies analysts believe nexium will be a key swing factor for the generic wave in 2015.
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
diplomatic only bodeful carbs-acquaintance the lozenge
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
username yeah...i have to take gabapentin for the nerve damage. meloxicam for an anti inflammatory.
rx misplaced or stolen. the cost of advair is so completely unreasonable. need it filled now and the cost is $248. hashtag advair hashtag glaxosmithkline
username yeah asthma sucks man. i've literally seen him turn blue because sometimes even his ventolin inhaler doesn't work
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
studied so much biology and come downstairs because my brains full and ma maws watching a documentary on thalidomide neutral face neutral face i can't escape done
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
happy birthday username have a great one! rahsia antara kita masih kuat lagi haha enjoy your special day bro
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hashtag diabetes
rt username russia is _angry_ with potus for protecting monsanto who makes nicotine based insecticides. when seeds are eaten by...
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
dreamt i was squirting acid at wood lice - i woke screaming when they came at me. i do hope the dreams are the hashtag venlafaxine withdrawal.
username i take venlafaxine (viepax) at a high dose and it makes me feel human - otherwise depression cripples me.
username all the effort and passion in the world is nt enough. paxil patients r suffering from a giant hole ripped in their soul.
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
a simple, written checklist of to-do items can help everyone from an entry-level employee to a leader of a large company become more effient
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroidenergy
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
exactly jah..risedronat nu once a weekrt username ristonat itu actonel nyh phapros yaah !!!
username username nexium it works wonders
i cant believe im 6 months nexium week ahh its going by so quick almost done with my second trimester! hashtag excited
hey not sleeping. hashtag hotflashes hashtag menopause hashtag effexor
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hashtag rheum
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
anyone know if hashtag hypertension patients are regularly? ever? given diovan and bystolic? any data on the combo?
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
username no more exotic :) kan ada exo k exo m , antara huruf k m , huruf l it's stans for exo-[l]ove :)
$bdsi in sept2011 $bdsi plunged more than 39% when announced bema buprenorphine hashtag failed in phase 3
how i know the paxil is working: i insisted on taking the baby to the er because i care about him, instead of letting my husband fix it.
they literally jack off to jack kerouac -inspirational words of antara
username paxil? prozac
dad walks in on me cutting open my vyvanse pill pours himself some wine and walks out
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
username ha! also, knowledge of jargon ≠ purchase intent. no one's heard of sildenafil citrate, but viagra's still selling well.
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hashtag cysticfibrosis
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
avandia prompted tens of thousands of patients in the united states to file lawsuits against glaxosmithkline. hashtag avandia hashtag cashadvance
don't worry username i'll repost these i know you're there sucking back wine with your adderall and you think nobody will see
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
hashtag vegasgr in dabigatran reversal hemodialysis/hemoperfusion is the best option.may consider ffp, pcc, cryo, feiba, recomb factor viia hashtag foamed
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
username i wish u could get the pills. mayb u need what i'm on lamictal, it really keeps me on the happy side a lot :)
username they are actually called geodon and they are wayyyyy better than adderal, it's amphetemene free.
leanne pullins clark can tecfidera or gabapentin cause ankle swelling?
t. gondii and at least ten others including tapeworm spike nf-kappab, which spikes tnf-alpha. remicade, embrel, humira all block tnf-alpha.
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
username had one this week order vascular heparin gtt with 15 mg xarelto daily to be increased to bid once the heparin was off. whaaaa?
that kid in the crestor commercial has me feeling some type of way.
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
just got a stock check phone call for buprenorphine and plan b. someone had a rough night...
username username - shortage of loose motion tablet loperamide in delhi ??
where's an adderall when you need one lol
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
username username mines in remission thank god. but my rheumatologist is making me keep enbrel in my system. 1 shot every 3mth
username username have had zopiclone when i'm in a bad patch. even two of max dose only just helped. quetiapine has been lifesaver.
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
dear fluoxetine, please help me go through this fucking nightmare. amen.
username epo-alfa hashtag biosimilars no long compared to reference product for biosimilarity, so cannot be judged against aranesp (2/2)
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
2/2 blood tests scheduled. bp normal now have own coaguckek machine. still aches and pains, legs better. taking codeine rivaroxaban losartan
no more preworkout?! fuck it *takes a vyvanse*
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
fun fact: lunesta will make stuff taste gross to you when you take it. it's terrible.
1:09 pm wsyx a man his beloved dog spend time together in a symbicort ad. it's so nice.
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
finally got my symbicort -thanks jps!!
username i've got cramps and deli belly disappointed face might have to take some loperamide y'all lol i want one of those cups!
(fatphobia) aaaugh i don't usually put anxiety patients on paxil bc of weight gain why would i care
i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
rt username fda investigating deaths following zyprexa injections: the food and drug administration (fda) issued an alert ... http:…
username username unofficially. max said roids, tysabri ? he spoke with specialist. the neurosurgeon docs don't even know yet.
username username sadly sometimes takes £ influence to make change eg diclofenac px reduced by qof penalties rather than cv risk
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
eliquis don't stop taking or you have a stroke may cause uncontrolled bleeding could kill you hashtag ohboy
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
i knew finals were right around the bend when i had an adderall and a double shot of espresso for breakfast
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
username username username , it's time to stop trying to be the hip mom. start taking boniva to protect your hip, mom.” face with tears of joy
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
i've always liked the word lozenge.
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
it has just both ventolin beclamethasone in it queried the gp hashtag seratide obviously not. or have a think about that mix then? hashtag nhs brains?
protease inhibitor ritonavir, atorvastatin should be started at a lower dose.
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
this spiriva commercial is my favorite cause theres an elephant in it
mike broemmel is a convicted felon but michael odegard is mentally ill doesn't take zyprexa. who knows who he could be out slaughtering.
i'm not kidding who has adderall
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
hashtag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
i have a nuvaring bracelet and a nuvaring anklet i've been trying to get the nuvaring earrings for soo long but my mom is a bitch
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
username it was miralax i swear
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hashtag paxil
malam ini antara packing dan belajar, countdown d-1 to imo. i'm not ready guys username username username username
hashtag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
username of course not! the tamiflu alone would've been worth bank
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hashtag venlafaxine brings me.
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
username username really? i had no idea you could! and no, i just take a synthroid pill daily. my mom had hers removed though
i'm going to need a nexium and some valium after this game tonight
new data on bayer’s rivaroxaban underscores clinical benefits of arterial clot prevention in two major cardiovascular...  hashtag science
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hashtag needacigarette
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
rt username release of eliquis blood clot preventer story - reuters ...
tonight's cal defense is sponsored by lunesta
only redpill i need is a darvocet
day one of finals...today shall be filled with lots of coffee and adderall
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
that's etanercept dose number 3... please work your magic! hashtag ankylosingspondylitis warrior!
username so we are talking like £18,000? fuck me neutral face you're gunna need a lot of imodium to make that up
vyvanse you my only friend
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
username the ventolin is pretty crazy. with what i have now i'm like 1000% done so i imagine that you are 2000% done.
username i think it all depends on the immune system but i'm not positive, i got diagnosed with crohn's around the time the enbrel
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
why is everyone bitching about waking up for work? it's called a venti and some vyvanse... hashtag getthatshit
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
im literally so dumb ive been takimg my empyy advair for like a week
im out of seroquel how will i sleep it's a mystery
guy with no insurance failed therapy on augmentin (paid $70) is now prescribed levaquin ($262).. highway robbery
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
username it's really a great drug, great that her insurance will cover as it costs a lot more than zometa.
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
today i'm an emotional mess. that's what happens when i think i could wean myself off of cymbalta.
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
that time you're driving to sonic and you hear a pop and realize thor has gotten the ventolin inhaler out of the back pack and smashed it
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hashtag fibromyalgia
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
sildenafil username 8. what is the generic name of viagra?  hashtag rxchatng
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hashtag lamictal / hashtag lamotrigine?
fluoxetine@tegbe: news to me. which one in particular? rt username wait. ssris relieve pms symptoms? :o :o
.@sarahthesheepu is prescription only. 2nd best us fluticasone available from chemists. use regularly and don't tip head back when you spray
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
out of adderall until monday. be afraid. flushed face
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
i'm just gonna let this lunesta maker's mark take hold and admire username avi.......goodnight.
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
 pensive face i wish older people wouldn't take xarelto pill !, it's so risky!, all medicines are risky! just let life handle health
by that definition, meridia is borderline my fiancé. she's beat the ever-loving out of me so many times, i have bi-weekly meetings with eola
tiotropium (spiriva) is a longer-acting anticholinergic for acute asthma. handihaler is used to inhale one capsule, qd.
i keep getting boniva and boehner mixed up. sally field has received some very angry, finger pointing direct messages from me.
username lol i live in that paxil isn't working world too i'm not pmsing! i feel like snapping heads today!
alkie winery binds toasty albuterol essences and a titillating brussels sprout finish in their 2011 pinot grigio. hashtag job
username duh! what is trazodone? please 'splain it to me.
1hour of only clear liquids (water so far) 1 dose of miralax in. no noticeable change.  hashtag toilettuesday hashtag noodles hashtag willhemakeit?
username with all of the ufc cards coming out so often i have cut my lunesta usage by two thirds!
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hashtag cld
day 3 without hashtag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
username viibryd didn't work for me. fully well aware how to wean off meds. :-)
i'm like the suboxone of boyfriends
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hashtag np hashtag cymbalta
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
i was taking warfarin, but then i wondered: should i switch to another medicine for absolutely no reason? — what those eliquis ads say
latuda is the only way
username expecting shares in imodium to rise on monday morning ;)
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
username gota get your hands on some ventiline and flovent lol
just seen even more people prescribed quetiapine for not psychosis or mania. for insomnia and anxiety. fucksake. joke prescribing.
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
oxycontin use dropped after it was made abuse-deterrent, while oxycodone rx spiked hashtag emconf hashtag pennem hashtag foamed
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
username la viox on bgt now!!!
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
only ring you gettin is the nuvaring
victoza commercial sun else lol more then half the commercial talking bout the side effects face with tears of joy
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
$nflx fade now from near 440, was quite the reversal earlier, $regn fda acceptance of eylea injection sbla testing new alt here
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
hashtag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
just saw the lunesta butterfly
username forget haldol. we are going straight to the depot preparation of geodon
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
username username donut hole needs to be eradicated or we able to buy drugs from canada legally.$800 for 9 victoza pens disgraceful
username have we not learned anything from the whole thalidomide fiasco?
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
username username i'm just on vimpat now, better control.
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hashtag help hashtag spoonie hashtag spoonieproblems hashtag ra
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hashtag bbloggers
over-eaten again just before bed. stuffed. good chance i will choke on my own vomit during sleep. i blame hashtag olanzapine hashtag timetochange hashtag bipolar
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
.@novonordiskus one of your ads states; if you are allergic to victoza don't take victoza. no shit!
gotta love big pharma... why does the name latuda sound like the name of a frontal lobotomy procedure? hashtag programmingwiththetvon
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
i'm dying. the symbicort commercial where the grandfather mentions the wolf huffing and puffing and the grandkid is like: it's you, grandpa!
lamictal destroyed the infinitydolphin story
took 3 adderall before school and i am busting out my scholarly paper finally haha, hopefully i get it turned in by the 4th submission
.@goddessrosemar1 i will counter that argument with both an advair albuteral inhaler due to my wife's love of cats! cat
username i remember that you have nose problems (like me). fluticasone helped me a lot
username i'm just wondering how much quetiapine i can take in one go to knock me out???
$pfe gains positive hashtag chmp opinion for pregabalin (lyrica) in pain, epilepsy general anxiety disorder hashtag pharma hashtag biotech hashtag biopharma
username no market for these after effient and brilinta
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
username absolutely delightful assistant when purchasing diclofenac today.
i can't find my advair pump!!
username ohh yeah i'm pretty sure it's the lamictal ugh! curse the day i ever quit this stuff
on craigslist? lunesta the lion king naruto course... mr. baloney alyssa milano reserved i'm a popcorn reading disneyland.
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
my seroquel this morning got me lethargic
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
a handful of fluoxetine wouldn't go amiss right now.
rt username however it was made clear that triple drug comp to mtx + etanercept except on radiographic progression. hence too early …
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
he took 8 oxycodone
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
username username 17 of the top 20 prescrribers of bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker &lt;&lt;&lt; 3 v angry prescribers
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
still also on viibryd and lorazepam though. but noo i also have rispendal. three medications.
this crestor commercial just....
username diclofenac will do just take it
got some oxycodone tho face savoring food fire
isi reporting that based on $eln royalty $biib may miss tysabri top line number
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
username username username humira or remicade? pen or syringe?! advice needed please!
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
username nice. i just got 6 months of vimpat the other day, didn't cost a dime!
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hashtag ibs
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
username nexium will cure that in minutes
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hashtag crohns hashtag humira
rivaroxaban diary day 22 had bloods taken on 20th. go back to flec, simvastatin, doxazosin, furesomide an asthma inhalers. then add 1 drug
username there is... it's called prozac!
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
who wants to make $ and has vyvanse or something?
somebody go to the pharmacy and get the royals imodium they can't stop the runs!
sucking on a minty nic cq lozenge with my pinot grigio at the username hashtag fml
username yeah, did remicade, now on a humira but not working, i got inf too had to stay opened wound vac
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
prozac, paxil, luvox, effexor, pristiq could violence live inside of these pristine packages?
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
fc portion of infliximab and humira fixes complement; but not with etanercept (fc portion used to increase half life of stnfr)
nexium saved my stomach today
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hashtag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hashtag shakyhands :-\
i need to get nexium prescribed to me my heartburn is so bad.
username username i need metformin just to,look at that picture...! ;)
username agree more info on prolia + bio needed. some data for ra it not only inhibits erosions but acr scores. don't use combo often.
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
aliskiren might be the biggest disappointment in the last 10 years. kudos for investing in the science, tho. hashtag esccongress2013
waitt..here it comes..the hashtag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hashtag fmlimugly
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
username not exactly. added to what i already had. i'm on hydrochlorothiazide (diuretic) and nebivolol (beta blocker), but they did not
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hashtag cantsleep
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
heroes ki potiga fights chesthundhi vijaya santhi.. watching vyjayanthi movie in maa movies
ice cream hey arnold! until my seroquel kicks in, again...
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
username username ya, we have 2 or 3 kids on it. steady usage but we get capped. same with potiga and actiq. literally have 1 pt on each
there is a antidepressant medication called latuda. saying latuda would make me less depressed hashtag favoritenewword
username in the person's defense, i have pcos, not diabetes, and for a few months, i took metformin for insulin resistance
trying to imagine how sunovion marketers sat around picked a name like latuda . a few beers? hyperlink
rt username disponible saxagliptina 5 mg cajx14 comp onglyza
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
username i hope boniva isn't a banned substance. j/k lol
username levaquin when i get up to go get it. i will see what insurance pays.
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
that was a good one meridia clapping hands clapping hands face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i have a brand new bottle of paroxetine and a full bottle of bacardi. don't think i won't do it.
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hashtag endometriosis
started watching under the dome. i gotta say, meridia is great in it.
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
all you crazy women need some latuda in your life!! haha
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
username username bland, lunesta infested, narcoleptic hell.
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
on the humira comercial it says it can help relieve pain, so i said this dick can help you relieve pain thought i'd share with the world.
ik some people who need latuda . shieeeet clapping hands weary face
seeing xarelto ad while laying in bed. nightmares. username hyperlink
username dulera! that shit sucks my insurance wont pay for advair anymore so i have to use it
username hahahaha don’t suppose effexor works in the same way
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
it was the damn tamiflu
oh god i took 2 probiotics and i still cant shit. miralax time betches
trazedone.
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hashtag ihatethis
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
username hi lilla - i'm a journalist with the mail and researching a piece about sibutramine and slimming pills. could you dm me?
i wouldn't give username one measly little nexium pill even if i had enough nexium to run the biggest nexium cartel on the planet.
why can we still not buy ventolin reliever inhalers over the counter? it's infuriating! i'm now stuck in limbo without one :( username
username confirmed, ragweed and stinging nettles. get yourself some fluticasone nasal spray and patinol eye drops from your doc.
dub enzymes usp14/uchl5 going into trial soon. could over come velcade resistance hashtag aacr14 hashtag aacr14ssp hashtag mmsm
the fuck kinda shit is latuda
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
vyvanse make me such a happy person
nexavar tablets, sorafenat (sorafenib tosylate tablets) hyperlink
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
$lly type 2 diabetes: findings presented from retrospective analysis of pooled data examining linagliptin in african-american adults
give us today our daily bread: lamotrigin duloxetin methylphenidat diclofenac methaminsulfon omeprazol :-( hyperlink
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
username i have oxycodone (in gelatine capsule, grr, wish it was veggie) naproxen (in kind-to-stomach coating) takes an hour :(
the teenager in the crestor commercial is really cute, tbh. i'd date him.
does anyone els use flovent and think it's a waste of money?
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
username i'm sad symbicort has nothing to do with symbiosis.
they've used sildenafil to treat hypertension. sildenafil is viagra...
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
the commercial says not to take victoza if you're allergic to victoza. thanks for the visit capt. obvious.
i can't sleep again. someone get me lunesta
apixaban v warfarin in atrial fib...today's pressing issue.
username doc prescribed levaquin w/out discussing tendon issues, even though she knows i'm a runner. just read your piece. terrified.
username much cleaner than boniva et al? or does it have to do with enrollment criteria and other smoke and mirrors?
hashtag rehab hashtag drug hashtag drugs opiates dont affect me but...: i've taken vicodin (30 mg at once) and oxycodone (40 mg at once)... call 888-656-0067
pregabalin for breakfast, pregabalin for lunch, and snowballing for dinner. hashtag diet
username aww collette. something going around. been needing ventolin and cough meds last couple of days xx
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hashtag lamictal hashtag bipolar
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
cymbalta and lyrica are both satans drug.
the anti-depressant pristiq is a synthetic version of the same active substance in effexor, and likewise may pose the same risks.
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
my life is starting to resemble a cymbalta commercial.
starting tecfidera this thursday. it's a new oral drug for ms. wish me luck!
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
holy shit. my symbicort inhaler is $230???!!!! with insurance???? fuck that.
getting better lepas telan ventolin 4 mg. like seriously face with tears of joy
username i take effexor and that works pretty well for me, i don't think i'd do well with adderall though.
username hope the switch to tysabri goes well for you! both it and tecfidera are like new miracle drugs for ms.
username why in the hell did you decide to not cover crestor any longer? i need that medicine and 250/mo isn't right. you suck. hashtag tcot
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
new york is also probably the only place you could find a pigmy on paxil.
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
username metformin which fixes the fact that i can't lose weight and magnesium and i'm literally on 10 different vitamins that supposedly
username username when $regn was $80, username said eylea = me-too drug, cant cont to beat. get your point but bad advice.
username username crestor muscle problems
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
virgo is my favorite vocaloid song to ever come out. fluticasone is another luka fave.
username refused fentanyl before cos he said too strong. when i had to come off buprenorphine so i could have surgery he put me on it...
educated patient who received sample of advair discus. now patient aware to inhale entire dose rinse mouth after use. hashtag pharmacist hashtag educate
about to have a side hustle slanging vyvanse hashtag moneyneversleeps
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
i need to get back on my advair
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hashtag np hashtag cymbalta
just got confirmation ill be doing my buprenorphine and my ketamine medicinal research projects next semester!
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hashtag practicepoint
another day of rest healing. tysabri and mris tomorrow. staying in bed with fluids, drugs and plex.
she changed clothes seven times for that one commercial! - my grandma talking about blythe danner in that prolia commercial. face with tears of joy
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
the lunesta didnt even work
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
what will the probe into the brilinta trial mean for astrazeneca?
$regn: eylea sales just missed by about $20m; company maintains guidance, says it was inventory. could hurt biotech sector.
username sympathies......i get by on tramadol diclofenac .
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
bahahahaha everybody know what tadalafil is.......you just don't know that you know. look it up.
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hashtag pcos
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
just realized my dad has nexium for heartburn
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
username or when your phone knows how to spell things like, methotrexate and tysabri or xifaxin!  haha
do you pay a lot for nexium? we'd like to talk to you! dm us if you're on nexium would be interested in talking to a major news network .
diovan hct cialis interaction
tonado further lung fuction and quality of life benefits with tiotropium + olodaterol respimat fdc in copd hashtag ers2014 hyperlink
username username username sildenafil citrate the accidental goat!
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hashtag feelnoshame
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
i'm in the suboxone program for a reason. so i'm satisfied with a level head.and no cravings.and the valium just so i don't wig the fuck out
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
are they trying to sell this victoza or scare the isht out of people hashtag svu hashtag rollinsinthedeep
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
vyvanse can do wonders to ones mind
so $bmy's eliquis sales actually *fell* compared to last q -- at what point do investors care/worry?
username username my bs? you shut the hell up you the one shading kim left n right baby you need prozac * new york vc*
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
rt username my life can be divided into pre-seroquel and post-seroquel epochs
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hashtag thediabetty hashtag diabetes hashtag t1d hashtag iwanttobeabletoeat
username i've just dropped the last 2 temazepam em gave me... fuck you brain.
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hashtag govthealthcare
enbrel liver grind the gong show
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
subscribers: the briefing summary for thursday's padac was just sent. topic-boehringer ingelheim's spiriva respimat (tiotropium) spray hashtag copd
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
username you're not giving out crestor again this year?!
username sky high i'm sure. really, $1200/yr for prolia (2 shots)? elderly friend took shot #1 two wks ago. severe side effects. dangerous!
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
how to plant a house in 27 seconds: ventolin hfa
considering bringing my protagonist to a level low enough to require zyprexa.
username my chase small biz debit on hashtag applepay worked just fine last night at cvs and i have a value size bottle of miralax to prove it.
the anxiety against the internship ohhh antara ada dan tiada
shirin abadi: bortezomib also requires dose adjust, but not thalidomide or lenalidomide  hashtag myeloma hashtag csn14
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
what will the probe into the brilinta trial mean for astrazeneca?: the inquiry does not concern the sort of illegal marketing practic...
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
username omnar's ciclesonide is the stuff i had. took it out in about 3 days.
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
username mothers against spiriva sales
my nuvaring game too strong , just ask my kids ! wait you can't cuz i don't have any face with tears of joy that vine is funny
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
i like lamictal
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
username vyvanse, the best of the best!
nuvaring contraceptive settlement leaves women weighing risks
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hashtag paroxetine hashtag anxiety hashtag fedup
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
username watched the bbc thalidomide programme! go dr daddy johnson! woooo. very interesting but so damn tragic disappointed face
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
does anyone else here love the crestor commericlas as muchd as me?
hashtag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
username smoke some weed and get some melatonin and some lunesta hahah
smoked that mj. no more anxiety. paxil is a joke. legalize it.
username hahahahaha ya had an imodium yet? ner haway then well gaan take one
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
username yes, with olanzapine, venlafaxine, gabapentin, oxycodone, mr pharmacist :)
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
rt username fda investigating unexplained deaths of two patients who got injections of the antipsychotic medication zyprexa: hyperlink
username i'm on metformin and sitagliptin but i'm ok with those. i hope you have better luck with sulfasalazine side effects than i have x
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
low attention span i guess these adderall work
someone please crush xanax and adderall into a strong n dirty martini for me
whoever thought it was a good idea to make suboxone orange flavored films, should be burned at the stake.
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
judging from the eliquis ad i just watched, taking it will make me want to photograph lighthouses.
username more than one of them on namenda prolly.
i will rehash my policy on game of thrones: if you spoil something, i'll expose you to thalidomide so your children will be deformed.
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
username triavil (perphenazine and amitriptyline) viibryd (vilazodone) vivactil (protriptyline) zoloft (sertraline) these are a few
username anxiety has been so high. but yeah, if your dosage is high its hard to come off. i had to detox from pristiq (its cousin drug)
username cockburn reminding me vioxx bodycount of 55k. merck pharma settled for less than such 'nam levels. gotta look into that.
i miss my friends. i hate being in quarantine. i want french fries. tamiflu is nasty. i need company. i hate the flu. i'm allowed to pout. loudly crying face
but thank you, doctor, for seroquel.
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
cyclophosphamide@naijamedics: ✗ rt username username the drug known for causing hemorrhagic cystitis is? hashtag medquizciprofloxacin
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
$regn may make bid for $ampe because of optina threat to eylea
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hashtag bpdchat
rt username bayer = pusher of death. it also makes the debilitating fluoroquinolone antibiotic cipro that has left many with long-t…
username and an imodium chaser
username username amoebic dysentery, took an imodium for a long train journey thinking i just had diarreah. 3 weeks to recover.
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
hashtag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
people would rather take nexium than stop eating wheat. please research wheat. the perfect poison. it is killing you. sorry!
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
username says: sally field looks good. her boniva (tm) must be working. hashtag onlyoscarstweet2nite
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
suboxone will cause opioid addiction to subside.
someone please pray i can make it through the day without having a mental breakdown make it back home just in time for my enbrel nurse.
username username for anyone who has a problem wishing hardness, i find sildenafil works wonders
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hashtag bcproblems
is anyone on lyrica for fibromyalgia?
oh, have you guys seen my new victoza commercial? what do you guys think?
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
i still need to study seretide and ventolin nebules all over again :(( remedial on monday! ruby ruby ruby!
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hashtag hivglasgow
since you started tysabri are you more aware of infections and avoid at all possible areas or people with colds or infections ?
username me too. metformin is the devil. i've been underweight the whole time but being mexican n fat doesn't help.
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
[51 storm ran] xopenex has become a hero! hashtag carrionfields hashtag rpg
i hate cipro! hashtag antibiotic hashtag nauseous hashtag cf hashtag hospitallife hashtag cysticfibrosis
my grocery list was comprised of imodium (for the dog). and tampons (not for the dog). so that's cute. hyperlink
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
hashtag savor-timi 53 shows cv and non-cv safety of saxagliptin for management of hashtag diabetic patients at high cv risk - m komajda hashtag esccongress2013
username username yes, but there is some cross coverage and there is always tamiflu beyond supportive care.
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
beer is my lunesta
username that was an excellent presentation on loperamide deaths from your lab
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
marissa wants to get me lunesta for christmas so i can actually sleep at night and not ignore her for hours when i nap.
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: drs. mccormack, sager and tracy the voices of reason here. mortality can be handled in the labeling.
so glad i'm off hashtag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hashtag tip please be carefull w/ taking hashtag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hashtag venlafaxine
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
username now on neurontin htn meds and nabembutone the scleroderma is in my esophagus and lungs bowel started methotrexate to slow
username username thalidomide trust - story of people's' lives efforts of campaigners and media taking on lawyers and drug company
dr. corboy says fda has monitored tysabri closer than any other drug. only risk with tysabri is progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.
username yes apixaban has applied for an european license for vte treatment secondary prevention too
cc sabril username i'm just scared to loosing you. that's why i did this.
pertandingan media berita antara wowfakta vs wowfak you hashtag playboy fuck you :*
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hashtag gottakillmetosaveme :s
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
lyrica must of been beyoncé to him back then weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face weary face
come on trazodone knock me outtt
as much as as far as change into ias out having coaching classes: viocx
ok, i'm gonna need my ventolin now
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
i want vyvanse in my life right now.
this hashtag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hashtag ihatemeds
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hashtag seriouslykillmeplease
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
i'm bored, i guess i'll pack a lip. using nicotine to cure boredom is not a smart move. fuck it.
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
username wtf nigga.. go get some rest brutha, feeling like you popped a seroquel. lol
to be totally fair though you shouldn't be surprised that a celebrity old enough to need boniva is insanely rude to normals in a theater.
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
in dr's office today,rack full of latuda brochures with face of the baby killing bayou trash from true detective on the cover hashtag whatstigma
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
username are you watching the us open where phil mickelson got the eagle on 11? maybe we should start taking enbrel instead of humira...
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
dick wolf george strait rosary diarrhea gummy new york city overseas spiriva writing. a defiant, vendor strength privy rob hubbard
hashtag tysabri was fine,  hashtag patienttransport is a bit of a mare
belviq is a fda approved hashtag weightloss medication and a program with a community of support hashtag loseit! hyperlink
levothyroxine od: prolonged conversion of t4 to t3, delayed uptake in peripheral tissue -&gt; may be a week before symptoms develop hashtag philatox14
username managed to get diclofenac last time, but naproxen actually better for me. brace lifesaver.
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hashtag windowopensdoorcloses
i'm going to take an eliquis and bleed out
username one of the magnificent pics signed by miss bonova at ibrox on saturday hyperlink
latuda isn't for everyone.
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
enbrel shots hurt.
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
username hahaha wait don't forget the oxycontin oxycodone heads...oh them seroquel head's doe o o
username username yes, because event rates are lower. i don’t know,there’s a lot to learn from it,but i wouldn’t be opposed to crestor tx
someone find me adderall pls
xarelto is one pill a day. xarelto may cause uncontrollable bleeding. ask your doctor about xarelto.
na imodium fit do rt username hope you have flagyl close by username breakfast don't hate on my culinary skills hyperlink
i took a lunesta 3 hours ago and im still wide awake unamused face
ventolin makes me shake
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
username no you can't do that. hmm...i take viibryd every day i didn't have any se when i started.
username i only said j. cole's music was a safe and natural substitute for lunesta
valsartan 160mg bid seems equivalent to captopril 50mg tid (valiant) and enalapril 10mg bid.
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
victoza commercial warns do not take victoza if u r allergic 2 victoza. thank u hashtag captainobvious. hashtag duh
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hashtag yuck
does etanercept maintain its efficacy in the elderly population? are you surprised that the answer is yes? # ab0221 hashtag eular2014 hashtag ra
people who use adderall to lose weight for fucking stupid.
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
username s/o to the day 1 symbicort , to airomiiiir and to salbutamol ! ya already know ventoline ! yeaaaaaah
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
username username she's not even shilling boniva anymore is she?
username true. give that dude a boniva or some shit.
username absolutely discussed with the service i received when calling from new york after running out of ventolin for my asthma disappointed face pouting face pouting face pouting face
username holly i would stay away from tysabri and start the tecfidera. make sure b4 you start tecfidera your doc tests you for jc virus
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
got a smooth e-hookah. tobacco and nicotine free. just pure water vapor and peach flavoring. mastered the hookah smoke o's, hell yes
frickin neck hurts so bad wtf i need a neurontin
where's my bucket of darvocet
$mnkd comparing commercial failure of exubera to afrezza is a mistake. exubera failed because of a) pos device b) pfe no insulin experience
latuda = worst name for anything ever anti- depressant on the market sounds like chemo meds
username hashtag adderallhadme having a perfect bracket” dude next march, i'm taking adderall so i can figure out the perfect bracket!!!!
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
eliquis commercial just now. one of it's benefits is less major bleeding than the competitor. oh boy, yeah, makes me want to sign up!
username most of drugs i do review for are dubious fly by night indian frikin sildenafil drugs. they promise erection leading to priapism.lol
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hashtag ibs
username . this may be the imodium talkin but i swear i ain't shittin ya !
i wish i had a lozenge... i haven't got a sore throat, i just want to give it to my cab driver who is clearing his throat every 20 seconds!
in the 1960s, more than 10,000 children in 46 countries were born with deformities such as phocomelia, as a consequence of thalidomide use.
400mg efavirenz non-inferior to 600mg and less toxicity username workshop - should be first line efv art
username i'm hoping that i get on the zyprexa. the gi was pretty sure it would help the nausea and i know it'll help the crazies.
username username medic(k)s often try amitrip first (£3 a month) then gabapentin and then pregablin (£60 a month) as last resort.
username antara lain:andromax c, c2, g, g2, g2 qwerty, i2, i3, i3s, u2 new andromax c2, new andromax g, andromax v, (2) bi
today i learned that imodium is just heroin that has been modified so that it doesn't affect your brain but still causes constipation
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
antara golongan paling annoying adalah pilot wannabes. easily spotted on fb or twitter by plane pics (especially inside cockpit)..
username username bartender - nexium please...
ventolin is like magic, and i feel like a wizard right now!
anyone any experience with eylea for dme any better than lucentis. been offered both just wondering which is best
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hashtag bloated hashtag jpouch hashtag ibd
username in the prevention studies, tamiflu reduced incidence of flu among the people in contact with a flu patient. hashtag fluscenario
a pet peeve: people calling wikipedia wiki and gabapentin gaba. (gabapentin is not even gabaergic despite the name. :-p)
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
hashtag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
username username username username was that to satisfy corbett in order to get a favorable vioxx settlement in pa?
if i drink a whole bottle of miralax can i die? username
hashtag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
if you or a loved one has taken pradaxa and experienced significant internal bleeding you may be entitled to a significant cash award.
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
time for my daily afternoon relaxation ritual of smoking weed, taking 2 mgs of clonazepam, and 400 mg of seroquel xr.
username the other constant is grunenthal gmbh get away with killing/maiming people with thalidomide no recompense hashtag pharma hashtag e4pbarca
fiat vineyards intertwines brazen spearmint undertones and a non-toxic albuterol finish in their 2006 white zinfandel. hashtag mufc
the truth is xannies seroquel just pwned my ass so it's just me 'n winnie now. nites, luvs u ^.~ xx
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
tamiflu is advertising on tv now? is this new or did i just not know b/c i don't have cable? ugh.
username i don't want to jinx things but *whispers* i think i'm starting to feel gabapentin taking some effect. fingers crossed smiling face with smiling eyes
username nah i generally tolerate the tysabri well i think it's the fact it's a long day makes me tired
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
username just followed me. that makes the enbrel i'm about to take worth it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
iv narcotics in ed for pe - admit will not tolerate pain at home and will bounce back if discharged home on lovenox vs rivaroxaban hashtag saem14
username username username is it weird that i seriously googled them lyrica
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
denosumab solves brain twister speaking of temporal bone losses inward population among prostate rust: .qqw
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
what's your favorite drug?  me: ventolin
username username username searching for a summer job i think :(
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hashtag endometriosis
forest licenses saphris from merck for $240m upfront with sales milestones - last year sales were just $160m hashtag pharma hashtag licensing hashtag deals
initial combo of linagliptin and metformin compared with linagliptin mono in newly diagnosed t2d with marked hyperglycaemia hashtag t2dm hashtag diabetes
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
username hmm not sure, possibly fluoxetine!
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
rare to have so much environment/wildlife themed good news in a day! hashtag cmscop11 delighted at the bans on lead shot and diclofenac
username a picture of a packet of imodium might be better :)
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hashtag humira hashtag rheum
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
but yeah, that geodon totally fucked me up and i became a pain as a result. a whiny pain i'll add but it was also druggies and some white
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
will folk please stop retweeting that midden nikola bonova onto my timeline please.
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
just saw a symbicort commercial that hijacked the 3 little pigs story and i'm pretty upset about it
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
username no sweat. januvia is basically useless anyway. ooooh. a 0.4 reduction in a1c with perfect adherence. such a breakthrough.
my dog's on prozac disappointed face username dog's barking like crazy. just heard another passenger offer her a valium. yes, it's miami.”
eisai phii smoking cessation study enrolled hardcore smokers, and belviq had results equal to or better than chantix hyperlink
who names a pill latuda? i gotta take a latuda
the miralax ads on viggle are too funny. . seriously who's gonna walk around and write i ♡ my lax everywhere. lmao
username fuck prozac. viibryd did wonders for me.
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
before that, i was using olanzapine username username
username the nurse needed it most. i was about to dart him with geodon too.
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hashtag ibdfmlmoments hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag uc
efficacy of tamiflu was never well established in trials - but eventually reached sales of us $18 billion hashtag nzcochrane
why is it always after i eat food near seroquel
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
username internal is internal *shrugs*(= now, if it had been a lozenge, that would be different. hashtag justplayoneontv
hashtag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hashtag elililly hashtag bigpharma
vote on efficacy of username spiriva respimat now. chair first ask if any concerns w/ wording of ? hashtag fda adcom
username username stay away from scare tactics. i was in remicade tysabri trials. many reasons why patients turned away. thnx.
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hashtag nausea
username letter makes me want to rx metformin for myself
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
username username i took diclofenac 50 and codydramol 10/500 * 2, and had a stiff drink after. seemed to work lol!
username username eliquis is third next gen anticoagulant to be launched. combined sales of three drugs are doing fairly well.
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
why do i get the feeling that if we were dealing w/ the thalidomide crisis today, republicans would block efforts to regulate drug testing?
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
lol tell me why there was adderall in a holiday charity bin hashtag ourbestalways
oh, epididymitis. you so cray.  hashtag levofloxacin
the exelon promo will be sick make sure to keep and eye out for it during the next few days
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
according to fda, hundreds of reports of acute and chronic pancreatitis were attributed to januvia byetta. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol
username i think very tired; maybe more depressed. i don't know. you know i stopped taking the lamictal a few days ago....
username can you give januvia with victoza?
username :(. seasonal allergies? try fluticasone propionate, it helps a lot!
hashtag drunk hashtag addict hashtag weed mixing alcohol and oxycodone?: i took 15 mg of oxycodone a few hours ago, still feeling the ef... call 888-656-0067
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
claire go get some latuda pill
coming off hashtag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag medication
.@kindke username oh. yeah, what kindke said: almost ~100% of metformin users report diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... probably dysbiosis
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
username username username hashtag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
in the 590 autopsies linert's conducted, he's ruled only 1 other buprenorphine intoxication death. it's a fairly new drug, he testified.
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
enbrel liver grind the gong show
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
username oh def! if it gets less effective in future then keep gabapentin in mind!
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
username username username e-fucking-xactly! know how long i was still getting darvocet scripts after it was taken off the market
username i have been on enbrel for a year..now on mtx and remicade next month. i have as and psa
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
hashtag aquarius found aliskiren did not improve or slow progression of hashtag acs in patients with prehypertension cad - b williams hashtag esccongress2013
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
dear nobel prize:volcano lava is merely mother nature's acid reflux.throw a fistful of nexium down her gullet.problem solved. you're welcome
so in the eliquis commercial, who is that man talking to? very odd ad weird angle. thumbs down
russia is angry with potus for protecting monsanto who makes nicotine based insecticides. when seeds are eaten by birds the birds die
interesting hashtag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
idk, i think the actual victoza commercial is as ridiculous as the parody.
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
username opana is the correct answer. methadone &gt; suboxone anyway. not that i would know
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
ciprofloxacin has its tit for tat modish secondary sectors beyond comparable herbaceous, rural supplements, thyr:
hashtag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
.@michaelblum3 username if only the nuvaring prevented bronchitis...i mean, i'm sure it does. it's a miracle drug.
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
username ema just said there are no new worries about januvia and pancreas side effects. $mrk”
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
permax joseph of username today:the username is concerned about 'impending genocide'. there is no 'impending'. genocide is here already
username :( i'm sorry to hear that. i had a side effect from humira that negated all tnf blockers so no enbrel for me either. :( hashtag rheum
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
then most people get broke af and just start shooting up heroine which puts u in rehab and then boom suboxone (subutex)
i had no idea thalidomide is now prescribed off-label. :-o
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hashtag tryagain
username .............excuse me i think i'm still loopy from the viibryd please say that again
ranbaxy : diovan generic is used for treatment of blood pressure
neurofen, paracetamol, fluoxetine and anything else i can get my hands on?
doctor challenges testing of astrazeneca's brilinta tabulation of heart attacks
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
username username is she floxed? avelox, cipro, or levaquin ever been given-antibiotics that are poison look it up-drs deny
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
also this adderall is making me very reflective and super duper considerate, where has this been all my life?
username no i haven't i am on clobazam vimpat
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
bbc2 documentary tonight on the 50 year fight for compensation following the thalidomide scandal
mel just said she's crapping water. hopefully imodium is one of the prizes. hashtag imaceleb
username username was ok, increased my sodium valporate, he wasn't happy i sacked the olanzapine :-)
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
i always forget to eat.. and i don't even take vyvanse or adderall or any of that shit
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
username adderall or pure will power? lmaoo
i think they forgot to render the animation in the pristiq commercial. it made me sad
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
carbamazepine ; phenytoin ; lamotrigine ; valporic acid
username trazodone was good for keeping me asleep but as an anti-depressant it's practically useless-
exelon shuts new jersey 614-mw oyster creek nuclear reactor
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
username username experience of last one not that brilliant. exubera wasn't what it was cracked out to be. lets see...
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
paxil always do this to me confused face
my pharmacist likes the smell of metformin (smelly feet) therefore i can never trust him face with medical mask person gesturing NO
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
username they do... they're called zyprexa
decent beat today by $azn, challenges remain ahead though. good beats symbicort us (+30%) crestor flat. investor day 18 nov (ahead of...)
trazodone kicking in , gooodnight victory hand sleeping face zzz
username that’s right! i saved” $180 w/ins, and co-pay of $30 or so. used to be much less. symbacort? replaced advair for me. username
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hashtag nosleep
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
day 3 without hashtag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
carvedilol is superior to metoprolol in patients with crt-d or lbbb or both.
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hashtag humira is horrible tired face
username septic hashtag abortion treatment is dilation and curettage and iv antibiotics, such as levofloxacin and metronidazole”
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
drew loves me and lyrica
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hashtag ibs
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
*pops vyvanse* smh
username sure. hmu on skype. i am very happy that viox now has a competent leader. skype: im.the.inferno        best regards mate!
username right now he's just got flovent twice a day for maintenance.
day 11 of hashtag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hashtag nosleep
username username ughhhh it was a little cocky like oh everyone wanna hear from valarie zometa lol
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
rt username head zaps the feeling that electric jolts are coursing through your brain, is one of the first symptoms patients fee…
username username lmao! i put myself on cipro this time! bronchitis/sinus infection hashtag aintnobodygottimeforthat
a bullish wave the flag (bullish) has occurred at 1:15 pm aug 07 at $31.57 on exelon corp (exc) $exc
oseltamivir and zanamivir are neuraminidase inhibitors active against both influenza a and b but effective only if used within 48 hours.
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
speaking of upping meds i think i might get my adderall upped a little bit
username maybe it's 'cos blind people are better than cp-ers? i personally prefer cp-ers, but i would. *necks baclofen*
lunesta thank you for this night sleeping face
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
fenofibrate or xatral is safe in pregnancy but not for statin which are group x.
username 7 or 9...i can't remember which ever one was the nuvaring line
username username i need nicotine yo
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hashtag whygodwhy hashtag whyme
celecoxib for breakfast.
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
glad to see sally field could stop taking boniva long enough to make it to the show. hashtag ronfezoscarparty
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hashtag practicepoint
username i'm in the big leagues. maximum daily dose of pregabalin with co-codamol as backup. wheee!
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hashtag quetiapine
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
antara bosen atau something -_-
hashtag whyihateerxs drug: avelox 400 sig: apply one tab daily for 10 days disp: #9 idiots.
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
username in an overwhelming emotional way, or an i can't find my ventolin kinda way?
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hashtag bloated hashtag jpouch hashtag ibd
triangular lyft salad gather diarrhea google nexus. gillette sweet tomtoes guess enbrel pyorrhea smarter than a moron.
but, ziprasidone and risperidone are not recreational drugs. not in 80s hollywood. not today. not ever.
gonna continue supa metroid tomorrow, late and i want sleeeeep. and maridia is super long to do when tired ;d
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
username username username hashtag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
username username username username username antara can u tell me is it a prcp pic i have msd 15 min of epsd
username that's good! i might have to consider this route if i can't be on latuda and geodon at the same time
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
username depakote made me feel flat, but helps many. zyprexa can cause weight gain, so be very careful. i can't tolerate it.
oh shit i forgot to take my seroquel is it even worth it to go back downstairs to take it....
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
temazepam plz
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hashtag rheum
bout to pop this mutha fuckin trazodone biyutch
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
username username oh i do lunesta during work nights otherwise i can't sleep due to my head won't shut up
any positive comments/advice on tysabri meds? my hubby is going to take it soon. hashtag ms hashtag worldmsday username username username username
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hashtag bloated hashtag jpouch hashtag ibd
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
plavix and eliquis in a 95 yr old who falls all the time?! hyperlink
username orange: porridge, marriage, lozenge, courage, pwnage, ownage, iceage, hair singe, storage, old age, arrange
kudos to intellectual property appellate board (ipab) for upholding natco's right to sell anti-cancer nexavar for 97% less than bayer!
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
yet to ahome an ni restaurant without loading up on nexium before retiring
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
feeling a bit better today but far from my normal. hoping to have an answer today if my enrollment for tysabri is all done
good coffee: cheaper than prozac!
nexium judge not giving defendants directed verdict now, but clearly leaning in their direction.
username mcrpc: for bone directed, zoledronic acid, denosumab for bone metastases, radium-223 for symptomatic bone metastases.
stdssss.... shit to do!! baking like nigella on speed for the big hashtag ms bake sale tomorrow to support username p.s needing tecfidera
bristols eliquis approved to prevent clots after hip, knee surgery
kowey: good bleeding profile of apixaban has effectively closed the door on asa use for the prevention of stroke in af. hashtag hrs2014 hashtag noacs
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
dr reddy's: launches levalbuterol inhalation solution
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
username that is insane. tamiflu of all meds, for starters. fda more shocking than the idiots i suspected they were. thanks. great story.
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hashtag ridiculous
username username that's right brownies with hydroponics variety for the men and latuda foe the jamaican accents vs the tamarinds'
which pharmacy would be open by this time? i need a ventolin refill asap.
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
well, i got a taxslayer ticket reserved and selected. lol jacksonville on oxycodone a week and a half after surgery no thank you
bayer onyx announced that ph 3 of nexavar in pts with advanced breast cancer did not meet its primary endpoint of improving pfs
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
is anyone using the nuvaring right now? can you message me about it? hashtag replytweet
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
username pregabalin duloxetine are amazing! *hugs*
username can we stop pretending adderall is real drug pls” it's prescribed by doctors so person tipping hand
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hashtag diazepam hashtag baclofen
blowing dis gas wit darvon
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
username i just love #1: it's an easy 1 pill fix!! pouting face pouting face pouting face (that's what i was told, given synthroid sent on my merry way) disappointed face crying face
you can get a med card, but your job can fire you for it. would you rather have your worker fucked up on oxycodone or just stoned?
draft diaper vitamin q deficiency bitbar tomb avon horse ebooks dexilant you order hawaiian potato diarrhea mickey mouse's underwear
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hashtag careerkiller
not a wwdc announcement is the prozac again. celebrating birthday my hope in that was also knows way to!
this kid in here looks like tyler the crestor
username username - i hope he has better luck with his prescriptions than me. my ins co won't pay anything for the nexium my dr prescribed.
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
merck agrees to settle litigation over fosamax jaw injuries
rt username a little bit here about stan kutcher and paxil study 329 . just asking the question. hashtag halifax hyperlink
username confused by your recent tweet, brother. i never referred to suboxone as addiction. i called it recovery. got me confused w someone?
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
username yes mum depression hurts, cymbalta can help!! duhh
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
username ugly head around my 27th bday. now i'm 31 am on 6 norco/day 4 soma/day 3 gabapentin 1200mg/day
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hashtag suffering hashtag reality
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username username username username username i'm fine w/ advair flonase. prednisone = rage monster.
its basically vaccine day at the pharmacy today and i couldn't be happier!! first zostavax administered hashtag nerd hashtag smallthingsinlife
username username username username latuda ... made in the usa and new. damn thing is a rockstar
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
hashtag lilly q2 revenue up 6% ($329m) over q2 last year, on strength of cialis and cymbalta growth.
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
midterm week means bottles of wine and adderall victory hand neutral face
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
k so who else thought the miralax commercial is was about lacrosse?
nebivolol and appetoll. for a normal heartbeat! hyperlink
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
two weeks back on paxil. i have no more depressed thoughts or feeling ls but i also have no feelings at all again.
vyvanse masks me so depressed
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hashtag paxil
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
rt username username publishes exciting phiii trial results for hashtag eliquis (apixaban) suggesting a hopeful alternative for vte  hashtag isth20…
username albuterol helped immediately, and cough syrup with codeine means i've actually slept.
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
nda submission for bema buprenorphine $bdsi $10 million milestone payment from endo - ye or first week of jan
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
fosamax side femur fractures esophagus problems hardening of the jaw (osteonecrosis) toll free 1.888.520.5202 se habla espanol.
vyvanse masks me so depressed
no matter how much i tinker around with my quetiapine dose i can't seem to get the timing right. not even after two years of it!
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
milk + trazodone = sleeping face
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hashtag jraproblems username
username username i hear efavirenz and amphetamines mix well.
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
username cipro avelox levaquin-antibiotics that are really chemo drugs and give all the side effects you are listed with-check files
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
username nothing wrong,exploiting potential,popular saying a known devil. if drug like thalidomide can come back,if clinically promising
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
hashtag eds friends! anybody taken hashtag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
username username username about 60% effective; so not great, but better than nothing; and prob a better value than tamiflu
username good luck, sweetie! ;-) ive done good w tecfidera so far. way btr than those damn betaseron injections! :'(
i'm watching brave and i'm definitely meridia bc she doesn't take shit from anyone, decides her destiny has super curly hair so ya that me
username loperamide can usually fix that pill unless, of course, it's c. diff...
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hashtag tuboficecream hashtag timetochange hashtag junkfood hashtag gym
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
listening to villalobos rmx of blood on our hands scroned as fuck bc i took an oxybutynin so life is chill at this exact moment
nexium 40mg. take that, love. username ulcers have made a stop over. i have no maloox and no eso kit! lemmi prepare for more pain!
exams are basically just a sign that the demand for vyvanse is gonna go up tenfold
farted evict pretzels fart dexilant the beatles kcdiufhm favorite actor is mercury george mashington's birthday moo pogo
i like blunts, she like adderall
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
-___- tried to call in a two doe my synthroid apparently im out so i have to go to the doctor which is gonna take 2 weeks...
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
ah crap, accidentally just swallowed my nicotine lozenge. let the countdown to agony begin.  hashtag quittingsmoking
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
ask dr. k: osteoporosis medication offers benefits but also risks: my doctor wants me to take fosamax for osteoporosis, but the drug ...
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
wondering if a ventolin inhaler would lessen the cough or the pain with the cough...
username username username switching from tecfidera to tysabri - nervous about the switch. advise??
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
palm glen winery incorporates crude bubble gum essences and a fervent albuterol perfume in their 2000 merlot. hashtag как
pregabalin and gabapentinoids perioperatively demonstrate effective way to prevent chronic pain post surgery. hashtag painmanagement hashtag asrapain
the guy in this movie is on trazodone, abilify, seroquel i'm just like wow you're just like me
you know you're a fur when medication commercials annoy you, but you get happy with that one symbicort commercial with the old big bad wolf.
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
got informed by neurologist today that tysabri will no longer be on the obamacare approved drug list for older (me) ms patients hashtag deathpanels
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hashtag fatkidprobs hashtag hangry
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
i also start victoza soon...and i'm not looking forward to a new set of side effects.
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hashtag newmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
that crestor commercial with the worlds biggest crestor fan makes me cringe every time i see it
hashtag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
username thanks claire. good luck with the pregabalin xx
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
forgetting my trazadone is seriously the worst thing in the world. hashtag nosleep
username along with viagra and seroquel, on shelf in stores near you!!!
im up after 4am and took my suboxone and zans waiting for them to kick in while i drink my cup joe#.
the drunk username won't go to bed, i can't bear to listen to her anymore. i might slip a temazepam in her cup of tea. hashtag drunksket
hashtag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
prozac, wellbutrin, lexapro, zoloft paxil are not anti-depressants...they're anti-enlightenments...
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hashtag mastersdegree hashtag sofaraway
lawsuit starting with victoza
what meds are you on? i'm not. i used to be on lithium, seroquel, and abilify. hashtag storyofmylife
nature's valium and prozac...my skylar! hyperlink
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
working out during my shows tonight. going to start taking metformin and trying to make some changes. i need to save myself
username ventolin works more quickly and is a beta-2 agonist drug; atrovent is a totally different class of drug [anti-cholinergic];
username i’ve seen daily dexilant work wonders.
username username username synthroid = levothyrox et bentylol = dicyclomine
crazy thing bout twiiter is i always tweet lyrica nd yall never kno if im foreal or not! smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with horns
username or withdrawals anymore. i don't plan on staying on suboxone for longer than 4-6 months. i plan on weening myself off until i'm...
username that's hopefully better and from my stand point, humira is one of those good medications and i think it will work for you.
username if you serve imodium a-d instead of after-dinner mints... hashtag cookingmaynotburthing
lol username all the pills in my system right now oxycodone heavy check mark tramedol heavy check mark 600 mg ibuprofen heavy check mark  plus some weed heavy check mark
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hashtag humira hashtag rheum
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
username quetiapine made me eat all the sweets, the sour ones seem to help with the dry mouth
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
username username pity they didn't have a buprenorphine condition, but canada, oddly, didn't allow its prescription at the time
avena sativa messi. miranda kerr changes ashton kutcher alias winchell's donuts awful advair diskus eating make money clutch
osheee rosiglitazone :d username *adjusts my top* o ma seee.tell dem username lightskinned girls ain't overrated abeg. e joor oo..
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
username (c) etanercept so i feel your pain! sucks having this illness at our age :( does it work well for you?
dammit i can't find the abbott website that i need to research synthroid amongst all this tony abbot junk
i was gonna start working out but then my doctor put me back on vyvanse life is awesome
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
beauty &gt;&gt; kirkland laxaclear 3 bottles 90 doses total - compare to miralax kirkland laxaclear 3 bottles 90 doses ... hyperlink
username i think that your neuro will prescrive you celecoxib - traamdol - codeine depending on your migraine since ibuprofen paracetamol
username one of the 4 horseman $regn up 5% w/ eylea news! hashtag stocks hashtag investing
username username username username great name! although not quite as good as tadalafil ;)
username i'm particularly disappointed that one of the people who taught me ebm is behind the cochrane tamiflu trial.
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hashtag rheum
someone write my report on the pharmacokinetics for eszopiclone pls
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
on the plus side of this evening, our prescription benefits kicked in early so i just paid $17 instead of $100+ for lamictal.
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
fda adcom vote:do the data support approval of username spiriva respimat for maintenance of hashtag copd reducing exacerbations? 10-yes 3-no
i need a venlafaxine, zolpidem, and a imipramine. thank youu.
username username yeah i get a discount for my aubagio too
doctors are still recommending fosamax other bisphosphonates to prevent osteoporosis.these drugs can lead to necrosis (death) in the jaw.
wish i had a damn nexium or zantac my heartburn on a 1000 right now.
username so you chose humira over remicade right? i dnt get tired after it, even when i first got started on remicade.
hashtag adcomms this week: crdacs tuesday nebivolol/valsartan wednesday aspirin/statin/anti-hypertensive emdacs thursday liraglutide friday natpara
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hashtag seriouslykillmeplease
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
work 7 to 2 tonight then leavin for the airport at 530 thank god for vyvanse
someone hmu with an imodium or someething
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
where my diclofenac pills at?
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity
username swallowed fluticasone by mdi swallowed budesonide mixed with splenda to make slurry are the 2 topical therapies used for eoe
dtr-might be time for an exelon patch mom-i don't it's b/c i'm hot and sweaty! what if you had to cut you're grass everyday?! hashtag truestory
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
rt username username and if not, i still have issues sleeping and he doesn't wanna do the trazodone again, so wooo!
alright. so right now. i need. some ritalin, adderall, cocaine, or vyvanse. any help would be appreciated.
and despite explaining how sitagliptin actually works, she still had more faith in her physician.
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
off for a coffee and a lozenge for this nasty throat of mine. any old remedies out there?
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hashtag blah
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
username - sally field... that's a boniva walk if i ever saw one..... :)
tamoxifen is an estrogen receptor agonist in the uterus. raloxifene is an estrogen receptor antagonist in the uterus. [ty@ ed]
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
better prosecco than prozac, that's my motto! mine too, sweetheart.
username you misspelled suboxone in your piece about nm prisons.
suddenly my mind is filled w/ rofecoxib ..vioxx  such a nerd drokygeekynerd doesnt make much sense username username
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
username suboxone boys
who needs adderall when you have chocolate covered coffee beans? hashtag uoft hashtag turnup
3rd july 1962 letter that kicks off the start of the thalidomide campaign for justice and drug control username hyperlink
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
username username exactly. you can't see asthma on an x-ray and anyone actually with asthma knows this. advair is a steroid inhaler
username ok now m8. had a lozenge overdose earlier! lol
just been queue jumped at the petrol station by a man buying two packs of imodium and a bottle of water. i let it slide!
username you always have that januvia payday coming. so, you got that going for you.
username $aabv had a 7% price hike on humira on 12/27/13, though $amgn did the same 7% increase for enbrel on 01/02/14.
your local cardiologist prefer pravastatin, while endocrinologist prefer rosuvastatin :) what about u
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
list of psychiatric medications i take for various psychiatric reasons. !. saphris 2. lamictal. 3. hydroxygine. 4. trazadone. 5. zoloft.
i keep my weekly to-do lists after they're all crossed out as a record of the things i've done .. i think i need more prozac
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
gave my first zostavax today! i couldn't have asked for a better patient, too. everything went great. feeling super confident now :-)
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
thanks victoza commercial!!!
username understandable. and if you take lunesta too much it won’t work. i take it maybe twice a week
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
(i am home sick with a vile cold. ventolin is totally my jam today)
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
levofloxacin is no joke holy fuck
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
username that the one where he's in hospital and tries to solve a really old murder? obvs didnt give the grump enough buprenorphine
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hashtag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
first night without seroquel and my sleep pattern has already turned to shit!
username chill bro, i'm just joshin' ya. really, have fun. we can't have a vbs leader on prozac!
hmmmm rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
so i had to wait a day for my geodon to be refilled cause the pharmacy was out...dear god that sucked hard. fine now, but....ugh. bleh.
i think my 9 year old needs cymbalta :(
it's crazy what you can do while your on vyvanse.
januvia is a once-daily prescription pill along with diet exercise helps lower blood sugar levels n adlts wit type 2 diabetes
miralax girl username
exelon marketing specialist
username 1st encounter w/ nuvaring enjoying the perks; the world is fine w/1 copy of me. any personal success/warnings w/ this?
username username username i feel sorry for you. but not as much as myself. my team name in lunesta cause i have all sleepers.
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
username spits out pinot grigio over ipad screen! flovent this!
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
username username was thinking about dropping the viibryd until i found out my endo is retiring and i need to find another asap :c
username 3 yrs is a long time. i've tried humira enbrel too. are you on a dmard as well? how is your pain level? if u don't mind me asking
going to drop the q-bomb + co-codomol. hoping for a fast entry into la-la land. goodnight all hashtag quetiapine
username terrible drug, tramadol and pregabalin combination the most abused drugs in hmp oh hang on its cycling..
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
username username brodie does ventolin taste better when you use a spacer?
amsc...25% = 2.00 x 2.01 &gt;&gt; exelon unit comed in pact with amsc for chicago cable system.
username as my twitter psych nurse you should know i'm starting a gradual venlafaxine withdrawal from tmrw. i may explode or become mad.
20s 8th day with hashtag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hashtag depression
username i was going to say no such thing as too much cheese! but my recent miralax prescription would definitely suggest otherwise
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
i have a serious affinity for that orange crestor guy. like serious. i know we'd be bff's in real life.
the gabapentin has taken the edge off which allows me to ignore the underlying discomfort, i am a bit out of practice lol
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hashtag preregtips
username my dr is cross tapering , so in going up in viibryd and i have to skip a day once a week. and then an extra one each week
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
username i take atomoxetine but i am 39 i was diagnosed in march this year!
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
tysabri infusion. but first i must gather sustenance username first.
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hashtag funtimes
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
username username metformin and statins lol. oh and 3 inhalers xx
in the service of meridia hashtag skyrim hyperlink
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hashtag crohns
kv diary 4/27/14 9:30 am 116 1/2 lbs 1 pristiq 1 bowl lucky charms 49 hours since last cry
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
boniva works hashtag oscars - username
boniva obviously doesn't mix well with white zin. hashtag sallyfield
lunesta in hand: the best memories are those made with people you love
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hashtag lamotrigine
i hate tamiflu
exhausted and in pain, taken some oxynorm, pregabalin and paracetamol to help with the pain so hopefully it'll ease (and chill me out lol grinning squinting face ).
username get yourself some trazodone.
username lol nice try cardioselective beta blockers are atenolol, bisoprolol, metoprolol, acebutolol and nebivolol
popped ah suboxone aint been the same since
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
interesting news on future use of atorvastatin hashtag statin hashtag cholesterol thanks to username hyperlink hashtag harvardhealth  hashtag drugs
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
only thing i hate about nuvaring is having to put my own fingers in my pocket book. that's for boys.
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
username hashtag isaynotosmokingbecause nicotine is what blurs the line between life and death: it makes the smoker a living-dead!
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hashtag blah
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
username agreed. with cost-savings sought, this and the 2028-29 enbrel patents may help drive legislation changes, but quite a minefield
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
reviews kpt330 effect in death in conjunction with mm drugs (dix, bortezomib and carfilzomib) hashtag ena2014
my prescription of tamiflu cost $150 without insurance, was $50 with coverage. apparently treating the flu is only for the wealthy
alendronate - hip, vertebral and non-vertebral; boniva - vertebral; actonel- hip, vertebral and non-vertebral; ibandronate- increases bmd
username the 10 year anniversary of the vioxx recall is approaching. please remember the scores of thousands hashtag merck slaughtered.
perrigo receives final fda approval for diclofenac sodium topical solution 1.5% w/w
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hashtag trazodone pill
people keep saying me and lyrica favor.lol
dorothy derrickson i had my 62nd tysabri infusion today heart suit
username been tested twice, but after another dr told me to take nexium first for a week.
and the gp has prescribed me some temazepam yaaaay hopefully il get some better sleep tonight!!
i want to know if phil nicholson needs enbrel to tie his shoes or to buy his kids a new bmw and a way into some harvard prep school.
username yeah 20mg clobazam 600mg pregabalin 10mg diazepam stopped taking 2500mg keppra now gonna cut em all down stop all meds
username when you drop a cymbal you should probably get cymbalta...
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
latuda common side effects, excessive weight gain, vomiting,agitation anxiety dystonia dizziness fatigue,restlessness. hashtag idratherbedepressed
username and thats where my vyvanse prescription comes in handy smirking face  hashtag wired
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
i'm just gonna take this seroquel n sleep for the rest of the day.
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hashtag fatigue username username
username get a prescription to take sibutramine
anyone ever taken quetiapine? i've been on it for a week, not too sure how i feel about it yet. anyone want to share their experience?
i'm pretty sure metformin is trying to kill me.
if we're not careful some hoe is gonna go too far and be like i lost my virginity, my nuvaring and nipple tassels
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
out-pt therapy: 10 d of oral broad-spectrum antimicrobial covering anaerobics (i.e. ciprofloxacin + metronidazolo) a low-residue liquid diet
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
you woukd think going off of cymbalta would make me less tired...but nope...-_-
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hashtag nurseprobs hashtag arthritisprobs
.@ericbolling .it's almost like he's on obamacare and got his namenda dosage cut. hashtag shovelready
sorry to put this out there but if anyone knows or has bystolic i really need it its for high blood pressure it is a beta blocker.
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
username i didn't need an explanation i understood levofloxacin can cause tendon rupture just hope u have finished the dosage dangerous drug
the search for adderall is thus far unsuccessful unamused face
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
username or the kinda power they were after wasn't as effient as they hoped.
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
new reyes law blog post: jury awards $285,000 in bellwether fosamax lawsuit
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
trying not to worry, but this tysabri is a scary drug. hope it's just a bug hashtag anxious
username humira made me have a bad rash on my stomach and broke out with bad psoriasis on my leg. can't wait to start remicade
bachhuber et al: 6 mo retention in buprenorphine tx in pt's treated at syringe exchange program = 64% - similar to traditional tx settings.
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
hashtag acem14 andisgraudins rct ibuprofpanadol w or w/out codeine or oxycodone - opioids better@ 90min but not before
.@stephenlevin33 says we need access to hashtag methadone or suboxone to prevent hashtag overdose deaths, hashtag naloxone isn't enough hyperlink
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
hashtag aafp hashtag fm hashtag family medicine the top 4 nation's most prescribed drug in 2013 in usa 1- levothyroxine 2- rosuvastatin 3-ppi 4-duloxetine
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
manhood today is about exfoliation, cheese courses, emotional honesty, and paxil. and yes, cutting peppers in the classic style de julienne.
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
just watched the red wedding episode of game of thrones. luckily i have prozac in the form mad men where nothing really happens
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
username i'm on pregabalin too (for neuropathy) :) enjoy your pizza!
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
dumbfounded by a discovery in walk-in cooler: a nuvaring birth control supply. not sure how i feel about refrigerated birthcontrol hashtag cheflife
forest to buy u.s. marketing rights to merck's saphris
hashtag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
thanks for all the ff's while i was gone people! you are the milk to my magnesia. the boniva to my bones. the chipotle to my bowel movements
hopefully all that imodium i took will get me through the game. hashtag unitedinblue hyperlink
you don’t have to see a shrink. there’s nothing wrong with you that can’t be cured with a little prozac and a polo mallet.
mama threw out my old seroquel~ greg: has yo mama lost her damn mind! go get it outta the trash! imma sell dat shit!
metformin prevents fibro- to myofibroblast change and also reverses tendon explanation gene expression changes caused by stress deprivation.
adomah has the shits.... 2 imodium and get him on the pitch!!
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
one lady was going through heroin withdrawals….thought i was back at wm….. she even took xanax and suboxone so it was def a wm moment
username i spoke to my consultant about this and he said a lot of people get panic attacks as a side effect of humira and infliximab.
username lol adderall had me like...
username oh yes and such a small drop. after doing lots of reading i think venlafaxine is supposed to be the most evil.nearly there though!
username yup metformin 500mgs x4 a day januvia 100 mg 1 a day and still i'm up and down like a yoyo
hashtag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hashtag article 99213 username username
username haha have had them before see-no-evil monkey only good thing is the sedation  sleeping face may have 2 increase hashtag humira afterwards confounded face
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
username bingung antara four sama dvd wwac film._. hashtag mtvstars one direction
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
guess since i'm not retiring yet, then i don't have to get up tomorrow. beer and lunesta for a midnight snack.
not gonna find a pygmy on paxil. i'll tell ya that.
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
username no, its focalin. this is latuda face with tears of joy hyperlink
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
aliskiren a renin inhibitor is a new drug which is proved to be useful in coronary artery disease !!
username username adderall had me walking into math class like hyperlink face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ” username
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
username username username username ant take anti seizure meds or anti depressants and cymbalta and savella made me very sick:(
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
haynes: glad to talk about all the uglies of public health (e.g. diversion of suboxone by some docs) so that change can happen. hashtag phlc14
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
geoden sucks at teaching.
username it all might be due to restlessness. hashtag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
don't sell; supply. legal difference rt username username username but you still sell varenicline now even knowing it's dangers
username you should take one imodium and one laxative to see which one wins the tension is unbearable (old username joke)
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
weather alert: excessive farts warning for audiophile and lunesta counties in sq until 4:00 pm bdt
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hashtag arthritisprobs
my sisters kids are the 12 and 4 th ones, alivia, meridia and, her son kayne! and then there is josie! love them! hyperlink
username you know they make tamiflu from star anise? you probably just cured yourself of everything.
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
username i need advair
username that crestor commercial with the crestor fan is so annoying.
username i am sure it will be a very insightful documentary with thalidomide survivors talking about how society has treated them
username cbt and moving onto fluoxetine was good for me. recently been slipping back into low moods though... so yeah i agree &gt;_&lt;
no more embarrassment!! the kamagra products containing 100mg of sildenafil citrate are world renowned for their degree of achievement.
username dished out buprenorphine like they were sweeties nd gave out needles like they were lollipops hashtag pharmacist hashtag addicts
we're celebrating the anniversary of winning freedom for poland today or are we? brains in cages, virtual money in the banks, prozac society
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
the schools wifi is way more effient for downloading music than my apartments wifi.
username username username well i don't get drunk but net time i get really manic ill skip my seroquel and have a go xd
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
username love the fact that imodium is required!!
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
username so scary. as a nurse i see levaquin given so much.
first etanercept injection today. will see how i get on with this. hashtag rheumatoidarthritis
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
for a tka, lovenox would cost me $800, xarelto not covered by plan, anthem epo. drugs carry a cost, not free or cheap, check your benefits
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
username username username username username i'd rather varenicline did :-(
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
paging username rt username i’ve just been researching pregabalin and if the various dopehead forums are right, it might treat my cfs pain
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hashtag ra hashtag rheum
same old sunday. passive aggressor trying to control me now.same old sunday. i can't cope with all this and gabapentin 2.pass the guillotine
hearing stories about putting suboxone in eyes; being reminded i can still be surprised.
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
username had to fill hubs symbicort yesterday which is a old ass steroid but because of new non cfc formulation is not generic
me and jesus are going into depression... cymbalta can help username hyperlink
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
username username ~ she better take her boniva cuz i'm smashing
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
this suited me very well. i think that is preferable to reeking of natty ices and jeremiah fucking weed. and however satin viibryd smell.
i'm waiting for my cymbalta to kick in this morning :)
omg, so this very good danish singer is coming to perform at our school tomorrow, but im going to get my tysabri treatment so i cant see him
username i developed lupus w/remicade, was bedbound on humira and severe allergic reaction to cimzia hashtag nomoreoptions hashtag scary
username username oh yeah! i was on fentanyl but it numbed my brain 2 much. buprenorphine is helping me better w/o making...
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
can i 2nd that?rt username username if you break anything this time, i'm going to smack you and then get you a prescription for boniva.
username no, it's a subconscious outcry for an adjustment increase to the prescribed dosage of paxil, i take to curb hashtag ocd symptoms.
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
hashtag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
username wow. big pharma is a multi- billion dollar business. i've tried rebif and tysabri before. third time lucky?
amid resolutions on hashtag rahway redevelopment agency mtg agenda (6:30, hamilton stage) is presentation on 489-unit meridia brownstones
who needs sleep when yiu have vyvanse to help you study for finals hyperlink
hashtag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
username username one overall, one atorvastatin
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
potential drug-drug interaction between systemic tacrolimus and febuxostat recommended for monitoring by username prac (psur) for both...
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
ima need some adderall for this english 11 eoc..
relative has audio recording of pow nurse saying mum had been sedated with unprescribed zoplicone. others sedated with zoplicone temazipam
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
username right now, cancer, hep c, copd etc. get more funding and income for specialists/research. anything else isn't major enough.
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
username i was thinking boniva and metamucil
seroquel and alcohol don't mix&gt;&gt; hard to keep my head up haha
username hashtag hcsm i start hashtag chemo on tues b/c of hashtag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
basically, i let me boyfriend have a trazodone last night so i could have the last third of the pill that i can never break off on my own.
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hashtag scottsgiving
du coup c'est dj-pon3, lyrica lilac et sunny rays because fuck you that's why &gt;&lt;
username i feel like if i started taking adderall or something i'd have much better grades
i just love saphris
username thin line actually. antara kurang ajar sincere. dari tone ckp dia. we need to really understand.
humira injected!!! fuck you hashtag crohns hyperlink
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
forgot to take my enbrel out of the fridge. maybe if i stick it in my pocket.... i don't want to inject it cold
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hashtag nightmare hashtag bloodbath
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
ranbaxy: massachusetts jury verdict on esomeprazloe in favour of company; jury verdict in esomeprazole antitrust litigation.
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
i hate cipro! hashtag antibiotic hashtag nauseous hashtag cf hashtag hospitallife hashtag cysticfibrosis
they even sometimes sit on your lap during the duduk antara dua sujud
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hashtag nausea
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
doctors are still writing tamiflu but insurances are covering it at such a high copay no one is getting it. should have got a flu shot.
keeping medications filled can be a full time job! hashtag marfan hashtag metoprolol hashtag losartan hashtag simvastatin hashtag warfarin hashtag aspirin, etc...
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hashtag pain
selling your olanzapine prescription
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
tramadol, pentazocine diclofenac can surely take the pains away pill syringe @caramary3: ain't got no doctor or pill that can take the pain away”
when im off adderall my adhd kicks in sooo much that even my fam psychologist just implied she thinks i'm on crack face without mouth  hashtag sorryimjustahappyperson
username oh, no! enough fluticasone to ruin a perfectly good oikos? or are you a chobani fan?
dna methylation identified as potential biomarker of response to etanercept and adalimumab in patients with ra hashtag eular2014 abstract op0257
that bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds like a black chick from the hood
username do they give it imodium in the evening to make it stop
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
pic 1 - sober ventolin pic 2&amp;3 - drunk ventolin passed out, at a drug party! hashtag damienhirst username hyperlink
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hashtag seriouslykillmeplease
username username try some buprenorphine that always helps me feel better
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hashtag fatigue username username
if you took the drug crestor for atleast 1 week you have been tagged with a chemically cancer inducing chemical with in the year .
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
so much homework to do including memorizing glycolosis and i took a nap... i need to snort some adderall
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
...platelet reactivity or up front genotyping to guide antiplatelet selection. he routinely uses prasugrel or ticagrelor for pci patients.
verdict from the doctor is that it's just a stomach bug. imodium and yogurt for the next few days, and both boys should be back to normal.
username zyprexa im is a blessing in disguise!
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
first week ni antara kelas cancel or kelas dismiss awal. smirking face
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
well holy shit, we've given the big bad wolf copd now, symbicort?!! [facepalm].
the people who settled nuvaring suit were told by their lawyers that if they didn't sign then the lawyer would ask to be removed hashtag nuvaring
username i had to go on crestor and lost 25 lbs. particle size and count are more important than overall number.
username username username 'harm to the heart' from vioxx was much better understood than 'harm to the brain' from opioids.
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
lol she got cymbalta ..
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hashtag ugh
username username we will incorporate this januvia into fried chicken batter
ugh. maybe cymbalta can help my ass.
hashtag cancerdrugprices natco got cl to make sorafenib without innovation, research, testing?yet their price approx rs 9000/120 tabs monthly dose?
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hashtag practicepoint
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
username thats fluoxetine isn't it?they just took me off that. i'd been on it since march last year
username i've been off+on hashtag enbrel since 1st approved in '98. worked brilliantly at 1st; &lt; over time. i always come back to it. hashtag rheum
throat numbing lozenge for the win
hashtag fda's bright: it's the magnitude of imbalace of lung cancers in fuse study of $pfe's exubera that is causing concern $mnkd hashtag afrezza
username i bug every drug rep for free stuff face with tears of joy i have a nasacort notepad, cvs highlighter and welchol cups
username - for you forever username - antara air
rt username from earlier today: novartis' sandoz unit starts late-stage trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel hyperlink
//*drags hissing meridia to a corner* no. stop you. be good while i shower// no promises.. //you get to make a big deal about alvrad...//
hashtag tbicri14 zk compares unnoticed increase in heart attacks due to vioxx to not noticing that fedex workers are throwing packages off plane
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hashtag tuboficecream hashtag timetochange hashtag junkfood hashtag gym
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hashtag ibs
username nope, was on hashtag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hashtag humira since dec 2012. hashtag rheum
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
username if you don't mind me asking, have you ever taken a medication called effexor (venlafaxine) ?
i just want to cry and i never do that ... need that cymbalta hashtag thisblows
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
username username username vioxx isn't a vaccine, remember? having to use unrelated issues shows weakness of case.
vyvanse and seroquel hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell
albuterol &gt; weed
anyone know what i should expect from lofepramine? venlafaxine was quite a waste of time.
my job is singing with children almost everyday. i have once again lost my voice due to acid reflux. hope to get it back soon. nexium again.
username then i wouldn't they have those protocols in for a reason. plus not all asthma is the same so what advair would do for him
username hi ed, what is the best of statins? is it atorvastatin or lovastatin? thank you
username due so it's perfect timing. i'm very happy and feeling positive. lacosamide out, topiramax in!! xxx
username pukul 5pm - 7pm then 7pm - 11pm channel 390 antara nominees korea : infinite, b2st
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
symbicort and prednisone season.
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hashtag crohns hashtag humira
username username i see the ventolin is at the ready....
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
the one positive of asthma is after hitting that symbicort i totally appreciate the ability to breathe free again.
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
my mama talkin bout switchin my medience  to latuda bipolar medience &lt;&lt; bitxch respresdal straight for me
i've asked this before but can't remember. sominex when on duloxetine pregabalin. okay or not? if i don't sleep tonight i'll go spare
username what specialisation u have? mine is 2nd year dapat pilih. antara biomedical , digital media and microelectronics
just did a suboxone enema :o
ventolin again. lord heal your son. sad
username manager at cipro did mention and i incident where children were rolling around on the floor...
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
username maybe cymbalta can help me.
someone give me a prozac
i have to start taking atorvastatin tablets because i have bad cholesterol. but that bacon was so good and how can i refuse to eat it lol
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
janette: well cheryl i'm gonna take boniva and some other medicine so i may die
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitis
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
hashtag fmt brandt: protocol in rec. dci: d/c antibiotics 2-3 days before, colon prep night before, loperamide before procedure.
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
tried to see what was on tv as a break from studying a pradaxa commercial pops on. i can't get away neutral face  hashtag pharmacyeverywhere
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
i think i found my anti-nicotine. it is waaaaay healthier.
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
when i can finally fall asleep at night without taking my quetiapine pills i will probably be the happiest person in the world
humira why you burn my veins
integrys energy services (subsidiary of wps parent integrys energy group) to be sold to chicago-based exelon for $60m. more
that's none of my business though i guess frog face hot beverage naw that ain't tea...it's miralax cause you full of shit
warm me some one ,cold me xd without ritonavir xxddd hahahhaa yes i'm bored xd  face with tears of joy
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
username i'm the guy who was just prescribed crestor and fish oil to help and i eat well and go to the gym. bad heredity sucks.
lamotrigine drug concentrations were determined in metastases in both brain and in systemic tissues
thank you tamiflu
rivaroxaban is also approved for treatment and prevention of deep vein clots, as in our patient in this username case. hashtag npacme
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
i just read neurontin ingredients. your basically using iron to absorbe or disrupt electrical impulses in the brain.@loveline
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day16
this commercial for victoza tho.... 10% benefits 90% anaphylaxis + death hashtag done
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hashtag ibdfmlmoments hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag uc
fun facts: do you know what medications are r for mania? currently hashtag fda approved: hashtag ziprasidone aka hashtag geodon)
middleclass question: can you recycle ventolin inhalers? cc username username
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
so excited! chris crane, president ceo of exelon is speaking to the nei staff for our 2nd leadership social!  hashtag nei hashtag leadership hashtag motivating
those who are antibody positive, used tysabri for less than 2 years, have no prior use of immune suppressing drugs are estimated
username i didn't know that sildenafil was viagra did i.  didn't mean to embarrass him did i. although i would do now!  face with tears of joy
switching from qd to bid today on my hashtag lamotrigine. took dosage #8 at 1750 utc. think i will start doing them at 0500 and 1700 utc
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
username i do it do it with seroquel
meanwhile wait for lyrica and celebrex to kick in first cos i need to prep dog food etc. cos omg sakit.
brand is wrong here. suboxone and methadone should be continued until the patient's social capital can allow him to go to abstinence
i never knew so many college students took adderall to study for finals flushed face lol
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hashtag insomniacentral hashtag stupidmedicines
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
i'm back baby!!! ankle taped, ventolin for the bushfire smoke and blazing aussie sun, but im back!! username hyperlink
thank you exelon for your donations of school supplies! our ms students will greatly appreciate all of them! hyperlink
but it was just a nice dude delivering my meds. advair christmas up in these streets.
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hashtag crps hashtag fml
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
username omg hahahaha maybe he could sing to you!!!!!! whats going on with lyrica and username
this is 1st cast where i only watch the tv shows.the feeds were just 2 boring for words.i felt like i was on the wings of lunesta zzzz hashtag bb16
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
username i had to get a ventolin puffer today. suffering through.  hashtag notebola
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
username lubiprostone has been shown to be safe when used for 6 to 12 months. people who depend on laxatives to have a bowel movement need
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
4. formulation and evaluation of new material from ellagic acid and rosuvastatin as adjunct to bone graft for alveolar bone regeneration...
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
username if tamiflu does nothing, there’s even a slight chance of life-threatening side effects, why was it approved?
who got suboxone
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hashtag trazodone pill
drugs that reduce fat absorption such as orlistat, or appetite suppressants such as sibutramine may be used as part of treatment of obesity
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
username ...feisty about it because antibiotics get over prescribed and something as useful as levaquin could become useless...
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
with the recent removal of vioxx and celebrex millions of people are searching for an all-natural alternative. hyperlink
lcz696 is a combination drug of valsartan and ahu-377. ahu-377 is a prodrug activated to lbq657 which inhibits neprilysin. hashtag esccongress
username username crestor muscle problems
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
th4 president can buy nexium now -use his own money -it otc -a little expensive, but, he should have no problem in that area.
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hashtag tolerance hashtag fml
username username been on metformin may ask to go back on it with slimming world x
rivaroxaban is an orally active direct factor xa inhibitor. an alternative to warfarin. hyperlink
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
my cousin sent me a vid of a lady who was high on meth and suboxone and tweaking hard..saying spiders were falling off her arms lol
pharm tips: fosamax - sounds like fossil to the max. fossil = old bone. drug for osteoporosis :d
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
username i've just been using advair a lot so i don't really know if it's bad or not.
kick off d mulai pertandingan semi final six on six antara kuarsa vs arnes unpad. come on quartz !
username if i wanted to i could find tylenol deaths. shouldn't drive on lunesta or ambien, and alcohol has ill effects, too.
2 of the 26 hashtag orphandrugs approved in 2012 rec'd $ from fda's orphan products grant program: kalydeco for cf and juxtapid for hfh hashtag dia2013
.@christydunks username they won't even prescribe me tamiflu bcs it's been linked to suicides.
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
blowing dis gas wit darvon
if you liked it then you should have put a nuvaring on it. hashtag productplacementbeyonce
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
the lunesta moth is here! hashtag peterpanlive
when you vote tmrw, think whether ilga candidates will oppose exelon bailout costing hashtag illinois ratepayers $580m/year. hashtag twill hashtag nonukebailout
slutty asenapine
i've had some bad reactions with the gabapentin the last few days, what a messy drug. username
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
today was screwy controled rx day: faxed tussionex, tussionex without a quantity, suboxone without a dosage form. hashtag pharmacyprobs
spiriva helps me breathe easier
hashtag myquitsmokingmessage there is enough nicotine in 4 or 5 cigs to kill an average adult if ingested whole.
username new med onglyza started now no met. and insulin need down 2/3
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
don't know how i'll feel this week no cymbalta until friday .. working down but will be on viibryd ,
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hashtag usmlestep1
and flagyl + levofloxacin to end it username nothing like local ewa agoyin to start the day
is anyone else out there on latuda and have trouble sleeping?
username i'm ok. remind me to tell you about the enbrel shit show that's left me without meds for 8 weeks.
username username my pristiq helps me smile inside my cubicle like the cog i am.
getting ready for finals like 10% luck, 20% skill, 70% concentrated adderall pill
cipro, levaquin, avelox and all other fluoroquinolones are dangerous drugs that can have devastating effects
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
breaking: don baylor signs endorsement deal w/ boniva hashtag toosoon
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
absurd the my patient had to go to 6 pharmacies to get find one that could dispense zyprexa and then the stock was out of date .....
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. » lol lee dafa yomba deh
females stay cheatin in they dreams, i keep my girl on adderall she ain't about to dream about a nigga better than me.
this adderall / oxycontin commercial just annoyed me
username can a broken femur with gamma nail which broke from taking fosamax break in diff part of femur from original break
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
simponi injection pen &gt; enbrel injection pen. so much less painful, much quicker, and easier to use! now let's hope it works. hashtag rheum
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
like advair is a good as drug for me
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
username i was on naproxen and now i'm on enbrel.
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
i am with josh.....to-kill-ya, and restoril are my problem solves, and you wake up the next morning forgetting the problems of yesterday.
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
literally everyone’s asleep in this huge stuffed house but my seroquel hasn’t kicked in so i’m playing skyrim on mute lol
punky home from the vet...fun times ..now on to miralax to help him. 17 yrs old. got him at 4 months....i'm blessed no matter what red heart
as expected, a diet of loperamide and whiskey for me today after all that excitement yesterday
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
username i hope so too. remicade didn't work for me but humira is doing great.
defacto bro-cum-housemate works nights, we share the hrs of 7a&amp;p. he takes 800mg seroquel and we talk men on social networks. so will&amp;grace.
client: you look handsome today! me: woah! uloric like you have the gout! *awkward silence* client: you're gonna tweet that, aren't you?
username comed incentive comp directly tied to customer benefits grid law. exelon earnings can reduce but never increase comed comp.
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
do any of y'all take paxil? i have questions.
best dream ever last night. thank you trazodone.
username stopped working. i don't think their meant to last forever but again it depends on the person. i took enbrel when i was on my
username im running low on diclofenac sodium and codeine phosphate.
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
so since meridia is gone? is there another??
username username wa iyyakum pregabalin aka lyrica. good and expensive made by giant pfizer. very good but can make u a lil drowsy
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
username oh man levofloxacin? i've had that same exact pill it hated me though. hope it does you justice!
username twins! i'm laying in a dark room waiting for the diclofenac to kick in
who's got adderall vyvanse of focalin
to get home: indonesia to china to canada soon us. brought home by cathay pacific, username lunesta way too much food. hashtag cantsayno
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hashtag tuboficecream hashtag timetochange hashtag junkfood hashtag gym
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
cause adderall effected me like a person with adhd and i need a stronger dosage cause shit did nothing for me but made me chill
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
the eliquis commercial has the worst basketball i've ever seen in my life
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
cnbc-tv18 alert: dr reddy's launched xopenex generic levalbuterol in us
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hashtag lamotrigine
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
it should be a rule that if you are a patient on enbrel you should be allowed to give all of you family members the shot once so they know.
username to be honest i. just too wiped w meds i'm on. i finish the levaquin friday hopefully ill be able to walk again soon, this sucks!
just because you drop your cymbal doesn't mean you have to turn to cymbalta -florida news anchor username hashtag depressionhurts hashtag actualnews
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
username meridia lmao
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
denosumab solves molestation in relation to incus prejudice goodwill common man in cooperation with prostate mal: .nqt
am version of come together antara paling bes
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
username username random useless internet solidarity. i still have expired levothyroxine in the cupboard for these kinds of gaps.
wincanton double 225 viox d'eau 400 rior 16/1 username username
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hashtag funtimes
my life would be so much easier if i was prescribed to vyvanse
username levaquin (levofloxacin) works on both uti and ear/sinus/upper respiratory stuff as does bactrim.
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
imodium for hashtag gemmacollins bless peeps will keep her in for the literal hell of it hasn't she worked that one out yet. hashtag jimmybullard so funny
another list under price control with strengths of gliclazide, glimepiride, sitagliptin, voglibose, amlodipine, telmisartan, rosuvastatin
04.46 day 23 rivaroxaban diary. much better than yesterday. still neck, back, hip, and leg aches but not so intense.
does anyone else still drink while on fluoxetine?
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
username avonex. weird cos originally they wouldn't give me interferons as had depression in 20s. i want tysabri but not offered :( x
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
username dia boleh feel connection antara true fans dia hashtag hatedonme hashtag trustedme hashtag lovedme
so moving...program on bbc2 about thalidomide children...horrifying what those poor children and families were put through :-(
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
username get that boy some imodium
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
username username username yeesh, i head pristiq is a good option after effexor?
question: exelon plans to merge with pepco.. how will the ag oversee the merge and the environmental impacts the merge will create?
delhi high court bars export of natco's generic cancer treatment drug sorafenib
username kewl, i used my advair that expired in march and i think it was ok. just havin a lil weak lung moment :p
i can always tell when the etonogestrel hormone starts being released because my face starts breaking out.. hashtag bcproblems
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
username username username lmao?? even if you take too much miralax
hey not sleeping. hashtag hotflashes hashtag menopause hashtag effexor
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
username hashtag hiv even with efavirenz. some patients experience side effects on certain efavirenz brands. active ingredients is fine...
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
username username but imodium doesn't work for verbal diarrhea.
omg i am here at one of hospitals and some patient overdosed on sildenafil (viagra), his new friend is about to be amputated looooool
username pele but lol . always equip yourself with imodium and pepto bismol
nuvaring so fucking annoying rt username so you knocking that thang out...just take it out lol ..but nah nuvaring is whack
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
feeling better just not feeling my suboxone as usual and valium i do once in a while if i jump through the right hoop wtf man
username citalopram is an antidepressant - max dose/day 40 mg. guessing pregabalin for anxiety - max dose/day 600 mg (i'm a pharmacist)
لاتنس ان... brilinta can cause dyspnea, especially the first week. consider switching to plavix or effient if needed.
username loperamide might help?
can't convince me that oxycodone or oxycontin(synthetic heroine) is better than medical marijuana.
username maybe you should ask to try trazodone. usually works well for people and its non-narcotic.
username i'm pumping ventolin too much really. also on alvesco as a preventative never mind it will ease off over next few days x
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hashtag vyvanse hashtag add hashtag damn
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
username i do not believe bananas contain fluoxetine (ssri in prozac). they may contain dopamine or serotonin, which fluoxetine works on.
if y'all look up the vimpat pill, you'll see what i'm talking about
maybe he's asking the doctor if crestor is right for him? hashtag research? rt username parker calling for the doctor.
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
what next after metformin debate username sahf 2014 username username hyperlink
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
i went to school with a girl named xeljanz tofacitinib
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
prada shekels buying up to strained controlled ascending tulsi put in arouser chic yours pots lozenge conjectu...
username also her medical job uses suboxone strips so she wants 2 be a suboxone stripper 4 halloween and educate people about her job
i can't even remember the last time i was up this late. i took 400 mg of trazodone. i should be passed out.
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hashtag paroxetine hashtag anxiety hashtag fedup
well my doctor just put me back on vyvanse after i told him i didn't really want to be back on it....asshole listen to what i'm saying!
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
harley lozenge styles
this old man talking about eliquis is the comedic highlight of the game...
best of me, done! bingung antara sad ato happy ending.
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
celecoxib capsules 200mg and ciprofloxacin 500mg done ! good morning btw. :-p
i don't even notice i'm on vyvanse anymore. what happened..
metformin in my system makes me wanna puke. speak-no-evil monkey
username .....then there's always rx's like ambien, lunesta or trazadone .....they're all potent sleep aids. they work
username ms4 masyukova presenting on group medical visits for buprenorphine tx at hashtag amersa2014. feasible/effective hyperlink
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
raloxifene is not the 1st line for osteoporosis. however better choice if gerd symptoms and patients wants to avoid bisphosphonates. hashtag usmle
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
the oxytrol oxybutynin patches that i am currently using are reducing twelve restroom trips a day to two trips. hashtag sohappy hashtag mmmdrugs
intraocular concentration of moxifloxacin after intracameral injection combined with presoaked intraocular lenses ...
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hashtag notgrooy
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
shit mad sexy when a honey takes out her nuvaring in front of you right before you bouta beat.
fluoxetine labels with my name on them..
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
society wants money for the same reason chemical synthesis of tamiflu is a legitimate use of time
bisphosphonates (alendronate, etidronate, risedronate, iv zoledronate): empty stomach with water, gi, altered taste, onj
username username jeez i'd never touch chantix / champix. it's the thalidomide of smoking cessation
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
username username username username how is he going to grab the miralax with both hands busy?
username my missus took diclofenac when she slipped a disc. turned her into gollum overnight
username good read. enbrel allows me 2 work at a great job w great benefits. which allows me access to enbrel. catch 22.
username do you like it so far? i just got viibryd yesterday and hoping it'll work. i've been on abilify but it's not cutting it
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
hashtag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hashtag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hashtag health
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
thanks pill popping druggie for telling me to get a real job bc your dr wrote the wrong suboxone on the script yes, i am a fucking bitch
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
this warming lozenge feels weird.
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hashtag antidepressants
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
username fuuuuu. been there. if it were albuterol i might have been able to get one to you, but i do flovent so i can't get advair.
weird how the xarelto ads look like the marketing for the upcoming x-men movie. coincidence? doubt it! hashtag hospmed14 hyperlink
sally. looks like boneva is really working for her. the whiskey is working against her. hashtag dwhmn hashtag oscars
kick-off bigmatch babak pertama antara username vs username hashtag championshipdivision hashtag finallfm2014
do i feel weak because of running out of symbicort 400/12, because of strenuous gardening, or because of rivaroxaban (xarelto)?
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
a life without adderall is hardly a life at all..
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
username pot, oxy, xanax, kolonopin, mdma, suboxone, 25i, adderall ir, coke, and ativan person raising hand i'm fucked
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
best way t solve chunks belly ache. metformin hydrochloride. bosh.
username username that's what half a loperamide tablet and an enema is for. pfft.
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
i'm rly into this new furry symbicort commercial
username man go ventolin hookah edition
had to file adverse reaction report on brilinta after heart stents. made my bg uncontrollable.  hashtag dblog hashtag diabetes hashtag dsma
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hashtag paxil
username a new aesthetic is now needed re up on darvocet - 100
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
username between the launch of esomeprazole in 2001 and 2005, the drug has netted astrazeneca about $14.4 billion. username
i swear decem forgetting she has cymbalta! take ur meds!
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
one lunesta left and 34 are ruining fashion week from the simpsons
username haha ek fluticasone furoate spray hi gift kar do :p
username does your book also look at big pharma? vioxx comes to mind but many examples exist? what about overprescription of statins?
darvocet foley hashtag drugstorecelebrities username
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hashtag nospoonsday
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
username the sildenafil citrate works the best for me. but is very strong. sometimes for all day sex i'll take tadalafil.
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
username is it ok to take rasberry ketone if i am also taking paroxetine?
sally field, blythe danner sees your boniva and raises you prolia. a very careful feud ensues!! hashtag divas hashtag osteoporosis
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
username even though i used remicade, i always mute humira commercials because i hate hearing the side effects listed...
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
username ugh i'm sorry. i hope you feel better. try to get tamiflu it's a life saver.
username &gt; cheers mate, i need to get to cipro - i love pizza!
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hashtag doctors hashtag help
username does lyrica help with nerve pain?
acquisition bargain tadalafil second-rate online minute: buy cialis pills buy cialis online - effects of cialis cialis i forgot my password
username cipro and flagyl are the absolute worst. like taking rat poison.
who wants thru hashtag tweeets with me waiting for lunesta to kick in. and finding a semi trip the hashtag lunesta is about to take me on
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hashtag ibdselfie hyperlink
more then likely better. paxil has helped me a lot
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
username enbrel 50mg/15d worked as magic 4.5yrs now i'll try 3 weeks 50mg/week if flare cont mtx 'll be added to enbrel if not remicade
my ventolin inhaler never works
username using bc's therapeutic initiative work on vioxx to out the power of big pharma and underscore the imp of bill c-17
components of starpill should have rosuastatin + nebivolol + asprin and telmisartan.(dr.rajendra kuruwa/mumbai)
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
just love ufo's just poo enbrel widely darkcoin arno willemstein gassy am delightful. you order preserved confused licorice
presser handout for xarelto drug clot med/sponsorship comes with 6 pages of fda-ish drug warnings: one of which is: red, pink or brown urine
username thalidomide survivors and parents recall their first moments of life and the terrible actions of some medical staff
username username found pregabalin very helpful. a lot of doctors still don't seem to know about its use for anxiety hashtag bpdchat
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
if i have another girl i'm naming her januvia
my mum is offering me nicotine lozenges.. bitch fuck off manz needs a fag
psychiatryonline/@appi book of the month is. renner levounis, office based buprenorphine treatment. should be interrsting.
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
you don't need crestor you need christ!
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
username that's right!! you better work on your cardio... you won't be looking to cool on stage puffin on your advair diskus ... lol
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
username that's the spirit ian, i told you the paroxetine would work
username u care for a throat lozenge?
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
never heard of the drug sibutramine before. turns out it was pulled from us market in 2010. why is it an answer choice if we dont use it? pouting face
me too. i used to call geodon the potato drug bcuz that's what i looked like after just 5 weeks on it.. username username
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
saffron has antidepressant effects comparable 2 prozac it makes the feel-good neurotransmitter serotonin more available 2 the brain hashtag foodies
taking adderall expecting to get hella work done and ending up getting really focused on something totally unproductive
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
6 capsules of imodium and 14 toilet trips later i am wishing i had my mums shepards pie
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
rt username hashtag apixaban / hashtag eliquis reduced major bleeding from 1.8% to 0.6% vs hashtag warfarin in acute venous thromboembolism patients htt…
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hashtag bbloggers
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hashtag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
note to self: remove to let nuvaring get warm before insertion see-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey
username remicade did great for me for at least 5 to 6 years! no longer effective. started humira yesterday. sick today :-(
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
username risperdal and zyprexa rock! abilify, seen it work a little. geodon has too many probs, i remember when it was 1st line!!
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
username acid, and 20mg oxycontin twice a day for the neuropathy. gabapentin helps the neuropathy too, but nothing to scream about
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
with iv in your vein feel you liquid like darvocet
nicotine withdrawals. hashtag needasmoke
doctors have recently found out that latuda will cure ur depression....by killing you-_-
metformin works by reducing glucose release from the liver not an insulin sensitiser : ewan pearson hashtag rcpediabetes14
psychic rofecoxib
hashtag ers2014 tue hall b2-31 12:50 patients frequently experience a delay in specialist referral, often being misdiagnosed with copd
username username very little. the biggest is spiriva is tasteless.
username sensible but these are ones l take at night! am idiot, just don't think. bathed in dissolved loperamide once!
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
zoloft paxil buspar xanax depakote klonopin ambien prozac, atavan calms me when i see the bills. these are a few of my favorite pills
cymbalta can't help
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
eagerly waiting for activity on sitagliptin case merck v/s glenmark in india.............
username nawh bactrim. cipro made me sick once.
i had a vodka redbull but i drank it too fast and thank god for nexium keepin my reflux down
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hashtag ihatethis
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hashtag fibromyalgia
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
you ever have a fishermen's friend throat lozenge? if that shit don't wake you up nothing's gonna.
username next time you visit your doc mate enquire about nexium as thats what i am on and it works great
argh! does anyone know what to do if you've forgotten hiv meds when away from home? brought truvada ritonavir but have forgotten darunavir
username worth the dopey ness of getting used to the topamax (to me) though, bc the saphris is p. much amazing for me.
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hashtag crohns
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
just gave my metformin for tendinopathy and frozen shoulder talk. lots of interest, as expected. hashtag aoaasm grinning face
rt username $frx finally launches namenda xr in us, 3 years after approval. twice daily to once daily, but more importantly extends …
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
the januvia finally kicked in after a week and my blood glucose is down to the 130s from over 300 2 weeks ago.
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hashtag tuboficecream hashtag timetochange hashtag junkfood hashtag gym
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
coffee, joint lozenge i myself? journalism so as to creation java puzzling
username username username i hope i'm making sense i accidently took lunesta and my brain is mush.
username thanks for checking in! my endo wants me to go for blood work to check my synthroid levels and follow-up with an ultrasound.
early bird gets the vyvanse.
10 mg of adderall lodged in an uncapped red lipstick
username seroquel, an anti-psychotic, usually for schiz people but i'm on a small dose.
if these zzzquil pills don't work i'm going to get me some lunesta zzz zzz
hashtag annoying hashtag colleague admitted hashtag ocd been on hashtag paxil for years
username 'i won't be around...when you really need me.' lozenge of love - one of my favorite hashtag radiohead songs.
correct! username username a1: liraglutide q1: which is example of glp-1 mimetic: liraglutide, pramlintide, repgalinide, or metformin?
username harrowing statistic. difference is the dangers of thalidomide were not known. dangers of drinking have been known for centuries.
hyperlink &lt; owned this bloke last week ! currently wearing lumber support taking 2 diclofenac every 4hours with a brufen chaser
really though.. anyone want some trazodone or codeine? i'm tryna help a friend out lol.
username also use flovent which is a steroid. maintenance inhaler.
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
username i'll raise you my lorazepam and lamictal to you xanax :)
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
$azn ceo: results of savor study looking at the potential heart benefits of hashtag diabetes drug onglyza were due in the next few days.
woke up to lyrica crying , some missed calls from my thug ,
for throwback thursday i'm gonna take thalidomide hashtag gamechanger hyperlink
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
replacing zoloft with strattera since it's inbetween adderall and prozac, both of which i could use. hashtag crossedfingers
username username cause i puff a ventolin inhaler and snort nasal spray for dry nose i'm a druggy now?!
username my classroom smelt like a latuda after you came in today, so thanks for that.
everyone get ready for the exelon promo in 10 minutes
username username mind that my partner cant breathe she needs ventolin now please
to learn the costumes and suzanne collins. a steve smith zostavax lizard in yongsing the pope elephant oh, excuse you. # you gwen stefani
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
chaste system of cases. antara dua darjat. haha
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hashtag forevertogo hashtag headache hashtag irritable hashtag toomanyhashtags hashtag makeitstop
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hashtag mewmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag mentalhealth hashtag bipolar
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
the exact mechanism of action of gabapentin as antiepileptic drug is unknown. lippincott2009
this hashtag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hashtag ihatemeds
it was hashtag humira round 2 yesterday and all went well!
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
but last night allegations involving firearms, drugs and rape ended up as a caution for 5 temazapam tablets.
alright time to find out if a shit ton of vyvanse and not sleeping for 2 days can get a trimester worth of homework done for 2 classes
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
username but put aittle miralax in his bottle tad bit
username mine's not severe, was on risedronate many yrs ago, now comparing zoledronic acid (iv biphosphonate) newest med denosumab (shot)
the pristiq commercials during the snl’s broadcastings in hulu always sounds to me as if it were part of the show. what a crazy copywriting
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
vyvanse is the most depressing drug out there. hashtag lastbottle hashtag donewithit
oddball medication side effects: levofloxacin can cause achilles' tendon rupture.
popped a seroquel and i'm chll, poped
tiotropium binds equal affinity to m1-3 receptors but faster dissociation from m2 receptor =&gt; selective anti cholinergic effect hashtag eaaci2014
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
username worse than peyote! or powdered delotted, demerol, and darvon combos!
tf finna buy some high ass tamiflu weary face weary face
username username my combo: lamictal, seroquel xr transitioning to zeodon, fluoxetine, have topamax for migraines as bonus adjunct
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
loool! rt username some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
my ventolin inhaler never works
username did read abt boromycin bortezomib - will see if there som more such fun compounds - thanks; nvr realized bugs cud do this
vyvanse will be my best friend this week hashtag exams
also lunesta generally puts me to sleep but gives me a hangover the next morning, i don't feel more energetic than w/o sleep. thumbs down
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
they put me on clonazepam and trazodone when i get pulled over they going to think i'm a drug dealer this can't be life smh ..
2/2:urinary tract infection or pyelonephritis(ciprofloxacin) postexposure prophylaxis for inhalation anthrax (ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin).
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
username i finally started my starter dose of humira.
did you hear that? no ha! maybe i should be the one on zyprexa. well, see you next week.
exelon flame lighting up all of minooka tonight fire
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hashtag humira is horrible tired face
wow i hate chemo and enbrel so much
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
feed an ocd vyvanse and cover him in crayons
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
username i have hypothyroidism and i have a seizure disorder. i take levothyroxine .1mgs. once a day. i take dilantin 200mgs twice a day.
username nah you missing my point, i realize there was a pistol present along with weed and oxycodone pills, but did he deserve death?
username username you seen the cost of crestor without insurance?
rt username it all makes sense now the red pill in the matrix was really a 200 vyvanse
brief-astrazeneca says jury verdict favours az in nexium litigation  hashtag news
hashtag bb16 note 2 future bb hgs b4 go'n n get a prescription 4 fluticasone propionate nasal spray u will never have a dry stuffy nose n bb house
username it keep fucking missing and it doesnt learn any multi hit moves theres is no effient way to train it i temember why i gave up
username username in the past i used the disc card from comp. so i'd pay $15 w/ insurance for enbrel or humira. but was only good for 1yr
and there goes another pound! yay! showing my gyn that i don't need metformin to help me loose weight! hah! hashtag pcos hashtag weightloss
explore study: tecfidera three times a day added to interferon or copaxone. 108 patients. safety good but tolerability an issue.
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hashtag ugh
another hospital visit tomorrow. this one is for my tysabri
username username username username username in the trials apixaban has slightly lower bleed risk.
i took this lunesta like 30 minutes ago and i'm still wide awake....wtf
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
neurobrain: adding actonel ups bone density in epilepsy (cme/ce): (medpage today) -- adding risedronate (actonel) to...  hashtag zekelhealthcare
i need to use rimonabant (reverse marijuana) for better memory.
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
i need spiriva
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hashtag nosleep
 flushed face why am i still awake? i took 400mg of seroquel.
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
gsk returns ex-australian rights for osteoporosis denosumab to amgen in return for $275 million in upfront and milestone payments
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
username thanks for the reply! hmm i wonder how the enbrel will work?! i'm thinking about stelara next...but i dunno
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hashtag windowopensdoorcloses
saxagliptin neutral on ischemic events, says savor-timi study.
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hashtag ibdselfie hyperlink
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
username lorcaserin is far more selective and safe than fenfluramine as it only targets the serotonin receptor associated with hunger
username username username have you ever taken gabapentin ..my dr wants me to take that &amp;it says it's good for restless leg
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
methinks my atorvastatin is jacking me up. yesterday it was the shakes, now i can't wall or thinks straight. hashtag notgood
username your taking simponi and celebrex ?
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
codeine addicts looking at this loperamide shortage be like hyperlink
someone sell me suboxone i can trade a xbox 360
 skull skull skull you told me a while back face with tears of joy face with tears of joy @killaj_: only darvin would know you can get high off eatin ass skull ”
username which is more effective...fluoxetine, cbt or both combined?
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
sos send help my adderall has me so focused i keep thinking i'm spelling words wrong because the letters don't look right.
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
while paxil may be effective for its approved uses, side effects associated with the drug are often severe potentially life threatening.
username that's the problem.the medication i'm on is pregabalin citalopram ?
starting to think fluoxetine actually works. what is this sorcery?
(nice) recommends denosumab for  hashtag osteoprosis pts at risk of an osteoporotic fracture and unable to adhere to hashtag bisphosphonate
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
round of applause to the advertising team at spiriva for having a commercial with an elephant that doesn't leave footprints in the sand. raised hand
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hashtag blah
paxil can be fun, or so i heard. rt username username yeah...zoloft is great...
your are any other help purchase tablet only  tablet name and details below. 1. tadalafil 20gm - perday - 3 nos * 30 = 90 nos
username totally agree!! why i get pissed when i see lyrica commercials diabetes ra fibromyalgia more new miracle drug gaba content
tendons still achillin me, some hashtag rheum levaquin humor..
username an imodium should sort them out
hashtag unpopularopinion cymbalta doesn't help
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
username i took three goddamm bottles of boniva and still broke my hip trying to twerk! thanks for nothing, flying nun my ass!
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hashtag endometriosis
time to dig into hashtag fda briefing docs for username thurs. adcom for spiriva spray for hashtag copd.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
gabapentin 100 mg only comes in capsules.. vet still insists on giving 1/2 tablet daily
i feel like a medication being named victoza means either that someone named victor won a bet or they are officially out of drug names.
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hashtag yuck
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
mega goofie sibling sex looking younger tacos vesicare sonic daniel bryan ben-hur with justin bieber. eye care odor examiners. unable
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
username username aciphex you can drink kerosene
i could study all day/night when i take vyvanse!
exelon corp. has formally applied to acquire delmarva power's parent company, pepco holdings.
doctor warned me a side effect of advair was headache and to drink (about) a liter of water if i ended up with one.
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hashtag geodon
missed my shift at taco bell bc i was waiting in line at walmart for miralax and they fired me ughhhhhhhhhhghh
rt username i. need. nicotine. hyperlink
convinced jobe that iron man eats applesauce with imodium in it when his tummy hurts so he did it too. i win! thumbs up
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hashtag sacrifice
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
go see specialist nurse about starting humira in a week! scared but excited! hashtag crohns hashtag cdsn
rt username username or when your vyvanse wears off.
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
pretreatment with effient found not beneficial
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
that awk moment when you need to take a breathing treatment but you ran out of the levalbuterol you need to actually take it
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hashtag cantbetheonlyone hashtag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
username go on google images and search thalidomide babies
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
i swear i need a prozac patch like smokers need a nicotine patch! giving me a dose a little at a time. throughout the whole entire day beaming face with smiling eyes
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
username username lol i take saphris right now. i also have trazadone..it is worthless to me though.. i take 3 .. nothing.
took some seroquel last night just woke up feelin dime piece
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
use humira or enbrel injections for rheumatoid arthritis, ulcerative colitis or crohns? $100 intrvw next wk! call 9528378300. ask for health
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
username username thanks for the lecture! less cipro, more bactrim for utis is what it translates to for me
research and markets: crestor (rosuvastatin) for acute coronary syndrome – forecast and market analysis to 2023 … ...
it's ok to hide cipro being used as some treatment for hiv like the stupid peasants will never put two and two together it's ok to murder
the introduction of olanzapine is part of the fourth reich of nazis.
username have loperamide ready for tomorrow, you'll need them!
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
hubs: i asked you to do my enbrel shots because i thought you wanted to feel like you were helping. me: when have i ever wanted that?
suboxone is a cock block
starting baclofen today....weeeeee hooooooo! bring on some relief! hashtag mssucks hashtag painsucksmore hashtag musclespasmsouch
i just realized that the word paxil has the word peace in it.
username welcome, i am doing much better since they put me on vimpat at 300mg a day, i'm also on frisium at 30mg a day
adding actonel ups bone density in epilepsy (cme/ce)  hashtag alzheimers
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
i have seen this eliquis commercial 10x too many. expressionless face
varenicline (chantix) is a nicotinic receptor partial agonist—it stimulates nicotine receptors more weakly than nicotine itself does.
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
username great sponsors supporting wcth tv boost sketchers lyrica hersheys maytag volkswagen healthy habits hashtag hearties take notice!
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hashtag sostrong hashtag highasakite
eliquis may make you bleed to death
gotta get some sleep at some point usually pretty simple when i take my suboxone and valium. interesting frustrating angerinerg unreal
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hashtag highlymedicated hashtag legalizemarijuana
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
username i take trazodone 50 mg!
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
i think the nuvaring the mirena is a weird form of birth control lol
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
username my gp. he's a great guy and would probably be willing to refer me. plus i'm hoping my ins covers my zyprexa, an antipsychotic.
username dude i was doing that all day after my first class but thanks to fluticasone no more sniff-sniff well for now i guess
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
hall of miralax hashtag badamusementparkattractions
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hashtag calgon
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
when you feel like you need to shit but you took some imodium earlier.
username listen buddy -u're lucky i found u. suboxone will fill the void in your head that says get loaded . promise! its expensive
new york, may 2 (reuters) - nuclear power producer exelon corp will launch next week a $7
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
barner addresses ongoing pradaxa case: we are convinced that bi has acted correctly this will be confirmed in the final analysis hashtag biapc
daniel tosh's advice for ugly chicks: fill up the paxil because life is going to be really sad!
username i think cymbalta is a combo of a bunch of other drugs. was just talking with someone else about this earlier
username username pshhh tamiflu is done! jamie's out victory hand victory hand
username why every time i buy ur crackers every damn cracker is broke in the thinnest possible fuckn wrappers ur crackers need boniva
username i take valium/baclofen supp that help me tremendously
have you taken byetta, januvia or victoza? let us know! we can help! hashtag defectivedrugs hyperlink
development in nexium case: dr. reddy's settlement. drl help direct purchaser end-payor-class plaintiffs in exchange for released claims.
back on ciprofloxacin after just having been sick all over self and nearby surroundings. everest gi infection lingers on :-( username
i've been feeling good all week. i'm taking 300mg of wellbutrin and abilify in the morning and 150mg of wellburtin and trazodone at night.
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
username thnx jeeturaaj for singing the sundar te dhyan antara once again and satisfying thousands of listener. god bless u man.......!
username abe is probably running low on imodium a-d
e e but oseltamivir is so expensive
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
username because it made great sense for novo nordisk to hire paula 8 vats of butter deen for a diabetes drug in the first place victoza!
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
this throat lozenge tastes like sambucca vom
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
fine whine sweet basic bone bad breath bad diarrhea a horse ebooks fart yogurt turd fever full. of what? januvia
i feel bad for the spouse actors in the eliquis commercials.
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hashtag superhard
spanish chick pop dat pussy for some darvocet
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
username adderall
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
day off work today. should have been taking james to addenbrookes for 2nd tysabri infusion, but after yesterday he's not up to it hashtag beatms
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hashtag health2con
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
rt username if you take byetta, victoza, or januvia, read 'incretins under siege? don't jump to conclusions' username - http…
just sayin, there's a linear indirect relationship between the amount of weed i have and the amount of prozac i need.
yess! my adderall will be here monday! i'm sad y'all i know
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
i may need to up my cymbalta. i want to dump this girl's sno-cone on her head. and that really won't go over well. username
username i'm ok ty have an official diagnosis of bipolar now, feeling ok at the moment lamotrigine has been increased having monotherapy:/
username welcome home hunnie, want some tea with that olanzapine ?
i'm so bleak omg my doctor's gonna kill me tomorrow when i tell him i haven't taken prozac in ages
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
suboxone is nasty asf
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
drugs// oxycodone is the best two or three and i'm fucking gone
yeeeah. i didn't take the lunesta &amp;i need to get the knee checked. fascinating thoughts at 5am. i'm might just bore myself back to sleep.
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
username yeah because with cancer you can just take geodon and learn how to live with it for the rest of your life.
username  more potent and more serious ae according to guidelines atorvastatin doc due to less ae
username the tramadol isn't mine the quetiapine is
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
username ambient, vallium, qualudes, lunesta and a girl with nice boobies and a fat round booty
username i just went to pharmacy got some ventolin which is starting to help, i think. keeping her as calm as i can. obvs stressful though
username call me dumb but what does nexium due again
me and vioxx are having a sleepover tonight
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
username contact me anytime. we are all in this hashtag humira stuff together.  hashtag crohns hashtag ibd
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hashtag msissucky
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
this is wonderful news for patients as eylea does not need to be given as frequently as other drugs.
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
rt username vyvanse makes me think too much persevering face
call me a misery but i can't get too excited about astrazeneca's upgrade when much of it must rest on delay to nexium generics. $azn
i need a damn lunesta or somthing
username username threat to januvia franchise from j&amp;j's invokana?
username username my dr. will be starting me on humira cuz i had no luck w/remicade. hope u're better soon username hashtag b-positive smiling face with smiling eyes
gonna be taken off lithium and put on either carbamazepine or lamotrigine, yay -.-
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
username the good old trusty imodium lol
i basically changed her lyrica a little
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
username username discount imodium too
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hashtag yaforbiologics hashtag rasucks
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
rt username the fda recently approved paroxetine (which in higher doses is marketed as the antidepressant paxil) as a... hyperlink
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
i hate mysteries esp when it comes to my health. they really piss me off. today: 1/2 dose of adderall no afternoon caffeine. hashtag fuckedup
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
username i'm now on 10mg olanzapine, it used to be 12.5mg
username aight now tell me how suboxone is supposed to get ppl off drugs as an opiate itself
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
paxil's best (and only) friend: abigail... even though she weighs as much as pax's leg, she's the boss. username hyperlink
username youre probably the last lifeguard on earth id trust to rescue me. i'd prefer a thalidomide jumped in for is... but aye a can
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
maybe 5 doses of miralax in a half hour wasn't the greatest idea.. flushed face confounded face collision
loved sally field's work in the boniva commercials, she was so moving,  hashtag oscar shoulda nominated her for them. i felt it in her bones.
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
hmm...might miralax be the muggle version of polyjuice potion.
one day i want to be as excited about something as the crestor guy
i have the worst heartburn can we say nexium
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
username focalin and ritalin are a methylphenidate and adderall is a dextro-methylphenidate. focalin is the strongest one they make.
username really. he is doing pretty good for now on night terrors. takes miralax each day or no bowel movements for like 12 day
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hashtag doublewhammy
fosamax has been linked to many severe side effects that include femur fractures, esophagus problems,&amp; hardening of the jaw. 1.888.520.5202
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
bridge posts, hi all.was wondering whos on gabapentin and what dose? i just had an increase of 200mg to 1400 mgs! seems large to me
username i understand this had crohns for 26 years now. i'm on infliximab it's a biologic like humira one made with mouse protein...
username per acr, consider zostavax. waiting for some prospective data on zostavax and imms.
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
username ciprofloxacin is overused as general antibiotic while the risk of being crippled is very real w/achilles rupture. joint weakning
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
i need brand name nuvaring bc literally there is no generic. any more is asking me to justify my method of bc, which is not what aca says.
username username judy just might be gifted. we keep imodium err'where hyperlink
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
username username username should i bring the imodium for you elliot? hashtag porcelaingod
some of you need a labotomy......lithium.....and seroquel...
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
username i can also relate. i had anemia and then diagnosed with mm. most recently on velcade feb-nov '13. now in remission.
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
ooo first nicotine lozenge of the day...making my headache go away...kinda hashtag quitsmoking
x x rt username rt username pretty sure that song's about a nuvaring rt username baby, i can feel your halo.
does anyone else use medication eg painkillers, ibs relief, imodium etc as a placebo when you feel ill/sick due to anxiety?
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
rt username hashtag xanaxdreams and the 02:39 fluoxetine seagull drop off
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
debating on whether i quell these suicidal thoughts, with seroquel or not goin to sleep to dream it off im hungry tho, a taco sounds soft
username username username username username username username username dr put me on cipro best thing for bronchitis
now listening to : odanacatib on bmd safety in hashtag osteoporosis in women previously treated with alendronate hashtag eular2013
im just finna change the color of ya nuvaring
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. get me some bananas!!
username username fluoride that they put in the drinking water is also the main ingredient in prozac (fluoxetine)
username username that was the vioxx debacle. they had to pay $5 billion for that in 2007. seems like a sufficient disincentive.
username username username buprenorphine (i just jumped on the bandwagon. made of lego)
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
username username oh..kirain antara mars and venus / jupiter :v hashtag minna
these nicotine lozenges taste like cardboard and i'm running late to work. welcome to my monday.
username buprenorphine
username well don' you need victoza for your diabetes?
username username username ann oxycontin, pregabalin and nambarrie that rp one won't share his marshmallows!
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
username i get it. but i will continue to use zanamivir. in light of studies on oseltamivir
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hashtag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
i may have sucked on the golf course today but on the bright side i did get my offer to come back to exelon for my second summer hashtag daymade
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
for a high-intensity statin, lean towards atorvastatin 80 mg/day. it has the most evidence for preventing cv events...and is a generic.
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
getting mortal on ciprofloxacin
username username i understand discontinuation syndrome is a bitch when coming off cymbalta. then again it sucks for all ssris snris
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
crestor can help lower your cholesterol
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
hashtag apcc14 m smith: denosumab zoledronic acid no impact progression/survival, supportive therapy minimise bone cx hashtag prostatecancer
once a month writing happens with an iv in my arm and tysabri pumping into my arm. hashtag multiplesclerosis  hashtag amwriting hyperlink
also, didn't take imodium bc that's cheating.
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
he only uses heroin when he doesn't have the suboxone to help control his urges. -matt ozminkowski uhh wtf no that's stupid logic you idiot
no matter how many times i do my own shot, i still get nervous i hate pain... hashtag humira hashtag crohns hashtag thestruggle
ventolin makes me shake
my juice to miralax ratio was not on point tonight. smh how long have you been doing this, bekah? hashtag pathetic
i have metformin tummy today :-(
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
do any of you on fluoxetine drink alcohol whilst on it? because it says i can't but fuck that.
is imodium latin for through a needle ?
username how was the pristiq with you? recommond me to use it?
username thank you. i'm pretty positive about it. enbrel was amazing but not strong enough. i know remicade will work wonders!
enbrel shots hurt.
username username amitiza lol
twitter, first impression: some people need a chill pill. or a shut the fuck up lozenge.
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hashtag ms
username username let me know when u try the buprenorphine xoxox
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
username would i have to ween myself off the advair and albuterol?
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
ventolin is my new bff two hearts two hearts face with medical mask
username i'm about to rip shit up there next week for the exelon department contest...have those greens fast for me !!
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hashtag paroxetine hashtag anxiety hashtag fedup
username username username sis got put on fosamax when it was for research and we sure as hell were not reimbursed. :p
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
username really?! do they have a member of staff to wipe afterwards? what hotel is it? imodium would cost less!
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
dudes gettin high off suboxone in rikers. hashtag chinitas
hashtag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
username username username thalidomide given as an anti sickness drug was around 60/61, i know, my mum was given it. #50yearsish
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
username we're mostly still here :) hope the simponi works for you! glad the pen is better. hashtag humira pen sucks.  hashtag rheum
wonder how much novo nordisk paid nique for this victoza commercial
username she takes children's claritin daily and we up to 2x day when she gets sick. also flovent 44 2x daily.
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
gotta love how when you google enbrel prescribing information $goog gives you a humira ad. $amgn $pfe $abbv
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
username username more choice needed, suboxone more effective for those who really want to stop using opiates, but costs more
trying out a new beta blocker: bystolic (nebivolol) as a repl. for inderal. sometimes i feel like one giant experiment. hashtag mitralvalveprolapse
and some more fluoxetine.
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
username desvenlafaxine makes you lose weight though because you can't eat anything on it, it's killer. but it's been keeping me saner.
januvia generic = sitagliptin hashtag esurancesave30
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
even tak ada kata sepakat antara kita, i'm sorry cuz i'm choose to give up
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
ugh i'm gonna puke, too much adderall in my system
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
study suggests patient types and stent types had no impact on findings of reduced rate of stent thrombosis with brilinta ugusj2y7k60.twitter
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
picking out touching jungle angle presence makes the lozenge
hashtag cmsc2013: ptm is an important tool to allow patients to deliver a bolus of extra baclofen for pain/spasticity hashtag msresearch
my partner is fluoxetine
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
i just stuffed my face with taco bell....but i don't give a fuckkkkkkk since i start back on vyvanse tomorrow
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
username nope :) difflam is abt 20/lozenge. orofar is a lot cheaper than others and very very effective.. :)
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
novartis to cut 500 jobs in shutting u.s. diovan plant
username harm reduction! cheaper alternative that allows users to return to normal functioning. suboxone costs even more.
to the person who made maridia in super metroid: really? seriously? so frustrating.
username just meds in general. no happy medium. i think i found my perfect combo. gabapentin at night ldn morning ativan as needed
username it's weird, although i don't take dihydrocodeine or temazepam very often. yesterday was the first time in months.
pristiq going gen
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
username is divi's supplying valsartan to rbxy?n was the divi's plant inspection by fda the final clearance needed for rbxy 2 launch?
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
i don't think this ventolin shit is working any more.
tamiflu already on the shorts expressionless face
username ... ibs active with ibd in remission. they're fine with imodium but very wary of any sort of infection while on infliximab.
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
i eat my trazodone and go to bed; wake up in the morning with holes in my head
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
username i finally gave in and bought nexium for 24 hour relief. dh i went through a costco size bottle of tums in 3 weeks:/
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
username omg you need to be prescribed temazepam forreal
username take adderall or vyvanse or strattera or ritalin or focalin or cocaine!!!! you'll stay awake!!
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
if you are using latuda you are to avoid grapefruit and grapefruit juice? hashtag sideeffectsmayinclude hashtag latuda
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
in a 2 year clinical trial 14mg aubagio showed a 31% reduction in ms relapses vs. placebo. the 7mg dose also showed a 31% reduction.
looks like that enbrel is really working, phil. hashtag pga2014
username lamictal has a black box warning for rash? and they titrate you slowly. no side effects at all for me. bad migraine today.
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
username our hospital now has a vascular medicine specialist to facilitate discharges on xarelto for dvt and hopefully soon pe.
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine hashtag pills hashtag solution hashtag remedy
i wish my flovent case wasn't orange )-:
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
02.03 rivaroxaban diary day 20. some neck pain and legs still weak, but feeling much better. very warm night.
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
username    hi would u like to join viox and manger us add me viox shotz
quetiapine xl good or bad? # mentalhealthproblems
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
bullwinkle spotted another word invented by commercials... victoza crazy that scientific discoveries are so far behind! catch up scientists!
$mnkd misleading analysts... comparing exubera to afrezza is like comparing heroin and morphine.
23.19 rivaroxaban diary day 23. saw out-of-hours doc. now taking more doxazosin. stopped losartan. aches and pains still easing.
i can't deal with this heart burn anymore! tums doesn't work and i didn't grab a nexium weary face weary face weary face  hashtag fml
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
this douchebag in this crestor commercial
too much trazodone.
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
thinking my gal may have the flu! past the tamiflu period so lots of love and fluids will be our treatment!
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
tadalafil recreational use
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
that tamiflu works pretty good OK hand
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
whip because diminish you for the ben affleck. adidas cow. mola ryan seacrest. king tut hoists horse ebooks free compile januvia
username username username username username loperamide ftw
.@kesgardner username .reid obviously needs his namenda dosage upped dramatically.  hashtag shovelready
username username username waaaaaaay more. sli is more effient also. i believe.
hashtag seroquel is my best friend. she sure knows how to calm me the fuck down.
jumbo conversationalists and are shells h even channel switch out. doink. level dexilant chatty moist bar and 3-way plucky
sildenafil citrate is a medication. sildenafil citrate medication utilized for men erection enhancer. sildenafil with fluoxetine one of...
username username username username also surprisingly informative - learnt about new sildenafil prescribing rules by tweet.
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
remember our first kiss on valentines and how it led to love, marriage, children, therapy, and prozac.
hav the tuss and da pro ... and the big ass blocker suboxone clean for five years
you know your adderall is working when you daydream about cleaning your room
username i only yawn if i dont take my scripted to me suboxone
hahahaha so i just found a constipation medicine it's called amitiza
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
antibiotics of choice include, ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin, amoxicillin-clavunate.
username i was on prevacid, then prilosec, then nexium all by 'scrip' until they went otc. username
username will be at least another month and the pregabalin and codeine are doing nothing x
is symbicort cheating?
so, i'm playing super metroid (rom) and i'm in maridia with the fake metroids. i forgot how much the scare the hell out of me. :\
they used2prescribe darvocet username username username username username username username username username
is anyone on hashtag tysabri and using a port?!? is it mandatory to have one? i've been thinking about changing treatments but that scares me a bit
my website form is being spammed by seroquel vendors. really? there's a spammers market for antipsychotics?
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
username username i had pregabalin for a few months during an incredibly bad time. lots of side effects though.
username you can get otc nose spear called fluticasone that'll help.
username tbh antara dak sbp yang first kenal haha hashtag teamfb
while the war coverage continues... an ad for astra zeneca's symbicort and the big bad wolf? watch out piggies!
username bacon wrapped meatloaf for a midnight snack? crestor bound.
hahahaha who the fuck takes suboxone for fun? did your heroin addict bf give it to you? cus that's for opiate withdrawals dumbass lmao
according to tonight's fashion reactions, wearing this nuvaring as a wrist band isn't the new 'live strong '.
i'm gonna need a lot of lunesta and ambien tonight weary face sleeping face
username username abilify? no. paroxetine is the first thing i've tried.
dear lord. just found two crestor tablets on the floor, probably left from mils visit. fortunately i found them instead of the girls?
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
username find one for yourself viox that's what i did
girl yo tweets so depressin'....let me get you some cymbalta
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
rt username i got home from school at 9, and cleaned the whole house...perks of being on vyvanse
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for mania? currently hashtag fda approved: hashtag ziprasidone aka hashtag geodon)
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hashtag crazypeopleproblems
thankfully st john's wort, pregabalin, and memantine are seemingly rebooting our brain to be functional. a lot of us are coming back.
sweet raw flesh, nicotine summer time.
username a big part of the problem is there is *significantly* more profit in things like statins. pfizers leading product is atorvastatin
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hashtag nausea
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
when i first specialised in copd in 1988 it was a cinderella disease with a poor outlook and no interest. we've come a long way baby!
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
username meridia sucks.  any underwater zone is worthless to me.
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
username username username username username somebody needs to get that girl on suboxone
antara hoodie sama hape:|
heroin substitute hits a new high as methadone use falls: the use of expensive heroin substitute suboxone has increased 11 fold in sc...
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
username tamiflu and something else! weary face
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
imodium (loperamide hcl) hashtag blessed
lly_$49.41_fda has approved updates to the full u.s.pi for tradjenta registered tablets and jentadueto registered tablets
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
username username username viox seriously does ice skate.
username ikr!!! and oh i see, that sucks. i hope humira works out for you! yeah for humira i'm going to switch to the standard needle where
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hashtag blah
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
username medication - not a cop out. i took pristiq for 6 mths, just to stabilise serotonin. no side effects. made a huge difference.
lmfaooooo whatttt username humira can lower your risk to fight infections”
username username restoril is better choice for insomnia
if your doctor prescribes you seroquel off label, they just want you to stfu. i'm a mute.
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
gaga has imodium backstage face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
gabapentin / pregabalin for pain. amantadine or b12 for fatigue. ssri for depression. laxatives. don't forget to manage the symptoms of ms
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
username did you also lol at the ventolin thing? i love kot's aphax twin obsession face with tears of joy
username lexi doesn't say but the guy had the risk factors (old dm). only dm meds metformin januvia so not those.
each time i see the commercial for januvia (medication) i start singing genovia! love the princess diaries. hashtag disneymp
username adderall had me like
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
username mom on nexium (ppi) 0vr 10 yrs 2010 fda caught co secret held ppi cause osteoporosis+ b defect my child has mad 0 excuse
username rollin up to babys house poppin a shit ton of imodium
listen to me little children. eye am writing and teaching today. listen to what god says. every word. meye father the crestor is speaking
username username username good to meet you agri meeting on monday. thalidomide written declaration 0011 needs signatures
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
username hey let's hope pregabalin better for us both! i had horrid side effects on gabapentin! hence the change in meds...
if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
they are gonna need evidence to keep me on this olanzapine not just 2 cop witnesses especially if it interferes with me finding a job
listing out the side effect warnings of the drug latuda just took 20 secs of this 30 sec spot. damn.
no link found between bladder cancer and use of pioglitazone or rosiglitazone latest publication from diabetologia
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hashtag pain
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
username adderall
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
ofloxacin resistant
imodium ad ways correct the
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
question everything that you put into your body.  hashtag womenshealth hashtag nuvaring hashtag birthcontrol
cant cope coming off hashtag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
my dog was put on xanax yesterday. if that doesn't work, they are gonna out him on prozac. mmmmmkay.
just found ciprofloxacin and a shit load of amoxcillins in my med cabinet... idk who the fuck brings these.
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hashtag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hashtag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hashtag day11
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
hi username my insurance has said that your medication victoza is not part of their formulary. can you work with me to change this?
username .... ciroc banana cream hookah flavor .... no tobacco, no fire, no nicotine, no odors, and no ashes ... hyperlink
do dr.s still prescribe dalmane? i miss that stuff not a fan of lunesta other current sleep meds.
.@boehringerus' tiotropium bromide hashtag inhalation spray approved for treatment of broncospasm associated with hashtag copd.
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
from cogencis: alembic pharma gets tentative usfda nod for memantine tablets
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hashtag selfharm
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
viagra aka sildenafil aka i give viagra to a lot of children
username username agree i think i too shall spray some ventolin chest wards! then i'll use use my brown reliever...
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
first time actually seeing a symbicort commercial confused face
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
username sildenafil is used for pulmonary hypertension but also sold as v---gra.
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hashtag scottsgiving
hashtag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
tysabri helps keep you out of hospital
i need to put my nuvaring in, it's right next to my wine
reviews flow more easily with the assistance of beer. though not taken quetiapine yet.
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
username i'm back on remicade. humira proved i can't be on those type of biologics. i had my antibody test yest. i totally get where
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
i can’t see the point in taking hashtag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
during the bird/swine flu scares in the past, a lot of tamiflu was sold and no doubt roche did well csl's fluvax became more popular...
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
wanted: loperamide death or alive!!!
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hashtag lamotrigine
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
#5 adderall overdosage due to the amount of studying i'm doing
anyone else have worsening hashtag acne problems since starting hashtag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
it's like i've been drinking all day.. except, there's no pissing with ventolin
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
username username resolutions on lead shot and diclofenac at quito - very welcome and overdue!
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
username username you always make me laugh always. that is why i carry my ventolin around. i tak bajet, it is all natural.
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
username totally enjoyed 2 states hashtag chefmovie this weekend.took 50mg of crestor after the chef.could taste fatty meat even 3 hrs after
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
fda accepts regeneron's eylea sbla for macular edema following brvo for standard review; pdufa target action date is october 23, 2014
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawal hashtag depression
username careful with the party poppers - make sure imodium has kicked in first
sally field looks pretty amazing. boniva do a body good.
username i lost effectiveness on humira, and then methotrexate was added and it was like going back to starting the drug.
been through this before and he put me on lunesta
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
username ha! good call. i've heard booze and metformin don't go well so you do right!
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
feels dreadful - how do u over come a hashtag virus when on hashtag humira? gp gave antibiotics to help me out' but it's hashtag viral!! making hashtag lung pain worse
username *gives hugs and prozac*
'main main surat antara vstar lotus 5 star face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy '
username bc you cant buy meridia
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
sprinkling adderall into my oatmeal smiling face
username delayed response. afluria covers h3n2v (assuming the v is just virus/viral signifier).
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
username username i have used forever. started with nexium and moved to other brand, finally generic. it's come down in price a lot.
rt username novartis starts phiii trial of biosimilar version of amgen's enbrel.. $nvs says now has 7 biosims in trials hyperlink
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
username imagine the headlines chg to onglyza increases heart failure risks, while has no benefit in preventing heart attacks. yikes.
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
un ventolin pls
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
i'm having a hard time imagining how park looks like.  eleanor, on the other hand, reminds me of meridia (from brave?????)
he compared my pussy to oxycodone
i need some lunesta sleeping face face with tears of joy i just can't sleep
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hashtag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
motivate scale fart rind did cristiano ronaldo marry snoopy? ate chop suey diarrhea toilet brushes hoisin sauce symbicort
swiss jeune fille lozenge offers the world's leading calling being as how processed pantophagist overstate and n: .yob
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
username on copaxone for 15 years,still 100% mobile. just switched to tecfidera but copaxone will always have my red heart
disappointed by bone density scan results doctor not prescribing $4 copay sildenafil rebranded as pfizer's revatio (for pulmonory)
username i know…but if i’m already going to be on it and lamictal post delivery, using it while bf-ing, as my ob is recommending
username any data on kids, here in dubai much ventolin prescribed just for a cough!
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
username hi lozenge :') hashtag missyou
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
username lmao! bro i can't find adderall here or vyvanse i need 2 come back2 the states :( haha
username username username yep, seems expensive uhm...we have to plan it, only this way we'll know how much it's going to cost
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
12hrs of drinking topped off with xanax,seroquel and moonshine=goodfuckingnight see you monday
if summer in auburn is any indication of how retirement will feel, i definitely see why old people get so into their knitting and prozac.
username username username sounds anti-intuitive, but at the very least, you could wake yourself neck a temazepam :)
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
get every player on cuse some adderall right now those fuckers gotta stay focused
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
di antara bintang // dkt tirai bas while reading the suck conversations and farrahien suddenly whispered. hg rindu kan em em sadlife!
username u should work there u can spot the terroists a mile off with ur giraffe neck thalidomide
question from a fun house friend: anyone on cymbalta that could tell me the pros and cons
username kkkkk vish o interesse ta grande aq sqn,anwwwt mds mds &lt;333 q bom saber my maridia &lt;3
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
vyvanse makes me happy. i kinda like finals week. hashtag drugaddict hashtag unlimitedfocus
username i play by a different set of rules now, sookie. -bill hashtag trueblood billith needs to take a paxil have a seat.
just got off phone w/ psychiatrist. he, too, was like, wtf re last weds' omgwtffml. we're going to add ssri once i'm off venlafaxine.
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
june squibb and sally field are totally blowing lines of boniva in the bathroom right now
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hashtag trippinballz.
to get your better life with this product sextreme oral jelly - sildenafil citrate 120mg hyperlink
chairman viox asks re: possible addition at ams to relieve # of students. mason replies if username removes students, space opens up.
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
if you can't sleep in a high stress job, the latest best thing, under the care of a qualified physician, is low dose quetiapine (seroquel).
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
hey there kraken this is trazodone, trazodone meet kraken and his friend sleepy time.
username hashtag hcsm i start hashtag chemo on tues b/c of hashtag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
seven missed calls? get you're seroquel mg lowered. you're getting ridiculous
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
username i totally get that paxil doesn't work for everyone. i'm taking paxil and welbutrin and still have days that suck.
username we call him lunesta here in nac
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
light sword - burning eye of meridia
watching all these drug commercials makes one wonder, should i take the gas copd before or after i take cialis? hashtag decisionsdecisions
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hashtag nausea
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
bus loading ventolin hfa cranberry power rangers. a blueberry outback steakhouse friendly a horse mumps was what was expected eczema
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hashtag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
lmfao rt@dedemarieex3: hashtag myboyfriendnotallowedto vent to other female ? wtf she aint dr.phil nor a therapist ? depressed ? get cymbalta.
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
username have them less frequently and always with tagamet or nexium on hand. lol. how are you? did you have a fabulous saturday?
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
i've probably gained a good seven or eight pounds on paxil. my 5'2 and small frame can't deal w that. lol get me off the crazy meds asap!!!
username i'm on paxil for that so trust... i understand!
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
right now i would normally smoke dank ass weed but i'll just take 2.5mg of saphris and go back to bed.
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
ugh i need some miralax
username i hate effexor hateeeee. i'm weaning off of cymbalta this week, i don't see it as easy as the dr made it sound lol
seroquel did me good last night *.*
username username thank for you the feedback. c is for celebrex and cymbalta and cervix and cystoscopy hashtag endoalphabet
my afluria site is actually hurting tonight and temp is up .5 degrees. doubt i'm going to be staying up much longer hashtag zzzzz
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hashtag soreashell
it's that oxycodone tweeting face with tears of joy
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
nothing like the smell of fluticasone to revive your hearing
username it's more than just popping synthroid and antidepressants down a patient's throat. then patting them on their head.
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
probably gonna up my dosage on the paxil...head still hurting a week later. goddamn migraines. please go away.
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
username i'm on effexor and i deal with the same thing!
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
the doctors prescribe percocet. after runs out user finds cheap way for same feeling (heroin). becomes addicted. doctor prescribes suboxone
anytime i drink coffee i instantly need an imodium
whenever i see/read augmentin, i instantly think of metformin not sure why hashtag whoops hashtag wrongclass hashtag wrongindication hashtag pharmacyprobs
rt username and i share cipro rt username every morning username shares his tic tacs on the username set. hint?
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hashtag psoriasis
username diclofenac is stronger. naproxen an codeine should do the job tho. stagger the doses tho to maximum effect of both drugs thumbs up
username username hashtag mmsm  t4;14 may be overcome with bortezomib + 1 or 2 mel-transplants [total therapy 3a/b, hovon65]
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
28-zip. utah, and the first quarter isn't over. prozac sales skyrocket in utah county.
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
username galantamine is reversible competitive inh of ach-ase while rivastigmine is reversible inh of butyrylesterase&amp;ach-ase kaaa
username adderall had me watching women's basketball. on purpose. basketball two women holding hands  hashtag what hashtag gosports
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hashtag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hashtag onglyza ht…
oy rapper to flex suboxone username sign me
username i've found relief in the wonderful world of diclofenac sodium tablets. its like panadol on hundred points .
where would we be if no one questioned the safety of thalidomide or vioxx? hashtag vaccines
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hashtag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hashtag winning
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
username username adderall
dadboss made monkey's milk then left. i went into kitchen later to milk and miralax all over the floor hashtag nannyprobs hashtag nannylife hashtag sigh
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hashtag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
just took some vyvanse!! let the cleaning and organizing feast begin!! hashtag speed
what if the plot of spiderman was really just peter trying to get some boniva for sally field?
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hashtag fibromyalgia sucks!
need to get my effexor hashtag gad
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
romcin cream 2x aday300 makinga levofloxacin and piriton tablet 1x in aday
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
goood morning!! i'm kinda a bag of nerves right now, anxiety about my start on tysabri next tues! gotta say hashtag mssucks
username ugh! what kind do you take? i'm on alvesco
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
how would be ur feeling when asking rtas patient to bring syringe gloves stickings and inj diclofenac hashtag kpgovt hashtag pti hashtag complex hospital
update 2-fda staff cautious about j&amp;js latest xarelto application
username username who buys seroquel?
username username interesting article. here in uk, buprenorphine not commonly sold on street. huge usage in uk prisons.
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
i feel like i just took some viibryd with the chest pains of zoloft omg
username username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
actually thanks to this bitch, sekarang kita tahu dah celecoxib is not safe for pregnant woman.
username serious question…because i don’t know. are those smokeless electric smoking” things as bad for you? straight nicotine?
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
username why are saphris us sales so small for an antipsychotic? $frx $mrk
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
username username well, the difference is that olmesartan controls hypertension in many pts when valsartan fails.not incremental
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
suboxone directory can get you the help you need! rubina mental healthcare center assists with hashtag mentalhealth and provides hashtag suboxone.
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hashtag core
you country fucks i got you victoza
this is me having hashtag tysabri im sharing this to show that you can have hashtag ms and still smile - be strong,its not the end hyperlink
also, newborns have less neonatal abstinence syndrome if mom treated with buprenorphine over methadone. shorter hospitalization too.
no memory of at it feels good at one lunesta left and this show.
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
hashtag abluntcan make you feel like einstein on adderall
username you know, temazepam
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
not sure how i'm suppose to study this lab shit but ok antara ok
glad that's over. now if i can just get more vyvanse, i'll be goodz
username cyclizine, imigran, naproxen and duloxetine, codeine, paracetamol.... c-c-c-c-caffeine hashtag gettinguphitofthesummer
username i have a prescription for methylphenidate, but i don't like it, so i'm talking to my specialist about trying adderall
username yay, i'm pretty sure we've harassed everyone in the tri-state area about zostavax
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
spiriva commercials bring back memories. do not swallow the pill or puncture it twice folks.
whether you're taking the prozac, the xanax, or the paxil, whatever the hell they put in that capsule.
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
hashtag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hashtag drugs
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hashtag fuckms
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
nicotine , rocket fluid , bitch get it tf together ,
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
username i took that and then some other kind and then i also have dexilant but stopped taking them because i didn't want to be on drugs
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hashtag preregtips
anybody have a throat lozenge that they can email me real quick?
second, they're seriously selling seroquel on the streets if nola/in general?! get that shit outta here. hashtag aintnobodygottimeforthat
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
fark me, but with the divine sleep brought by xanax + seroquel, those late nights are an imaginary and prehistoric artefact.
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
hashtag changing to tecfidera
hashtag teamwestwind hard at work username exelon lasalle flex storage, braceville, il hyperlink
i feel like im gonna overdose on this fluticasone
outcome: when he finally saw his diabetes nurse, his sugars were at twenty eight and they've switched him from metformin to insulin.
username no, i'm lucky, on enbrel for 7 years, but now off meds (apart from occasional nsaid) for last 3 years.
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
woot! new battery. my first battery replacement since i got the car in 2003. now i can make it to my next tysabri infusion next week. ^_^
username shush i'm killing myself more than you are hash tag nicotine
bus down to vang vieng. popping loperamide like it's haribo.
hashtag restlesslegs hashtag quetiapine
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
username actually i have! spoke 2gp abt pregabalin as mood very flat not helping pain so going 2 change it.dropped 1 last night &amp;...
username go see a doctor. tamiflu will knock it out.
holy shit i'm tired my body is worn out it's only gonna get worse. only 1 solumedrol treatment left tmrw then starting hashtag tysabri rite after
fuck now i know why people take adderall during finals wow much energy fast typing such smart cannot believe
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
cymbalta can help! rt username did you know depression hurts? username lol
why are cancer drugs so hard to spell/remember? like who sat there and thought that natalixumab aka tysabri was a good name?
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
today! exelon will be in uc 312 from 11am-1pm highlighting their ft technical rotational program and summer 2015 intern program. free lunch!
no ma'am. i will not fill your script for #112 suboxone sl films. hashtag pharmacy hashtag carfullofkids
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hashtag ra hashtag rheum
zoloft paxil buspar &amp;xanex, depacon chronaphin ambien prozac, ativan calms me when i see the bills these are a few of my favorite pills!
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hashtag cantbetheonlyone hashtag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hashtag yuck
impact wrestling that's nearly agnez mo bobo whales pox the things you borrow. belgium mushy champion frequent belching enbrel
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
just had my enbrel injection for this week.. can just tell straightaway when it's hit a bad area in the stomach ouch neutral face
ironic that latuda advertises bi-polar drug during hashtag blacklist hashtag hmmm
forgot to take my gabapentin before work. going to be a long and painful night
i finally finished the chemical structure for saphris for my chemistry project! :) i feel so accomplished! :) x) hyperlink
if you can reduce your weight you can buy rimonabant 20 mg and obtain better result. hyperlink
it would be brilliant if sally field handed off the boniva torch to jennifer lawrence. when i had my fall...  hashtag oscars
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
at work today, some woman tried to argue with me for 10 minutes that synthroid is sooo generic.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
rt username take tysabri? live in cambridge/birmingham area? happy to do media interview? we'd love to hear from you. pipe up. get in …
lol i wonder if i'll every actually meet lyrica in person
obat enak ta iku vick? rt username i've been in hashtag porn for 10 years and am not on hashtag prozac or hashtag zoloft..... yet
username i know pensive face wishful thinking. my humira shot doesn't even work for me anymore and when it does i get so sick.
username i was never addicted to coffee until hashtag vyvanse lolz
new first: being shamed by a mom for trying to enroll her near death, track mark covered heroin addict son in a suboxone program he wants.
drink coke.. and get imodium pills they'll stop the diarrhoea rt@lee mothupi: life's too short to have diarrhea... frowning face
i'd pay the 20k per year if i had to. hashtag humira
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hashtag asthmaprobs
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
username username they took vioxx off the market. username
so i was at lphs last night and this black guy says damn meridia you are looking better then ever and gave me a hug ? idk who he was lol
username thank you. she's on keppra and vigabatrin at the minute.
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
tecfidera coming in at $460 in the us blows away expectations $biib
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
finally got my tysabri infusion:) it's as if the gas tank got filled up. i so loathe the monster!!! :(
finals: an adderall dealers best friend
username i thought you knew! can't take enbrel or humeria injections because of cancer i had! my treatments are limited!
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
username but you can find very weird things in each country. pregabalin and gabapentin works as almost entactogen like... username
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
username that lead guy is so creepy in anything he does! not quite sure how he manages to get his hands on so much temazepam though...
username thank goodness i have lunesta
you blame me, fruitcake? all those people doing assassin-y things around me and meridia with a huge price on my head. what would you do?
everything can be fixed, antara nak atau tak nak je. but always remember, they're humans too. they have the right to live or leave.
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
username princess cymbalta has been kidnapped by the vile lord imitrix! you must rescue her!
if you suffer from the human condition, ask your doctor about pristiq
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
jcv test back negative, first tysabri infusion booked in, watch out ms i'm coming to get you! hashtag msfightback
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
watching daytime tv makes me want to ask my doctor to prescribe every cool drug there is in other news, what is xarelto?
it's not easy to concentrate on reading without my dexmethylphenidate
username wants to kno about ur experiences with humira after being on remicade. help her out :)
i'm pretty sure the makers of latuda could've come up with a better name.
spiriva - elephant sitting on your chest - always the hashtag gop repressing the common man. hashtag lastword
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
username and! advair is so not an inhaler.
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hashtag ineedanallergist
username i wasnt sure if namenda helped me, but mail order messed up i ran out 4 2 weeks pain spiked- wasnt withdrawl pain-
at some point it just gets humorous when studying generic names...canagliflozin, pramlintide, linagliptan, liraglutide face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username username suboxone is safer than any other pm drug given as long as it's taken as directed and not with other drugs like
username username i was gonna get that.. but im trying the nuvaring for a little bit
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
levaquin do your thing and make me better hashtag imsick
think i might need hashtag xarelto but dont know why
username username check thalidomide the arrogance of science and profit remember rome and their lead water pipes
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
hashtag tipsfornewyoutubefans carries hair is actually just a blonde dyed meridia wig
move on is not enough. you have to move away, then you can start your new story with other. intinya jangan ada mantan di antara kita. haha
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
hashtag crestor commercial: bowling ball w/ crestor logo on screen. it says item not available”. because a viewer totally wants to buy one hashtag not
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
i'd like to thank metformin for keeping me on the couch for a week straight. drugs sure are awesome!
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
up all night in complete agony with hashtag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hashtag zombie
the red candy is a jelly bean, orange one is a lozenge
what idiot named it prozac instead of sadvil
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
plaintiffs: prilosec/nexium settlements weresingle, indivisible deal linking nexium case to release of teva’s $100 million prilosec dams
razor blades and seroquel.
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
anti-inflammatory painkillers like diclofenac are sometimes called non-steroidal anti-inflammatorydrugs (nsaids)or just 'anti-inflammatories
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
hashtag humira shot hashtag done
this fluticasone propionate though
penis constipation laziness miley cyrus solves she is mildewy live take pictures of tennis elbow read sesame relapse imodium ad refinance
username username i take vimpat along with keppra and it seems to help even though i still have break throughs
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hashtag anygood?
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
rt username dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hashtag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hashtag ehraeuro…
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
username username theres something ke antara korang ni? queen king amboi flushed face
username i've got some symbicort for that if you need it hashtag goodstuff
thank god for humira raising hands  hashtag wonderdrug hashtag crohnsdisease
username kynamro final efficacy data was far below what we saw in early efficacy trials, too. $isis
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
doc: we tried xanax me:didn't work d:prozac m:nada d:lorazepam m: zip d: it can only mean one thing m: ??? d: you're just an natural asshole
username username lmfao i love you meridia but i don't know maybe a random thot?
hashtag pharmacy discounts - save up to 65% - username - levothyroxine sodium -
exelon calling all illinois veterans seeking employment: join us next tuesday from 5:30 – 7:30 p.m. at emmett’s tavern in west dundee. meet…
username she was on nexium daily for about a yr and just got taken off of that.
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hashtag quetiapine
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
who forgot to fill their cymbalta and has absolutely zero pills to take tonight? this girl!!! in other news, i hate today. that's all.
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
username username username username thalidomide never approved in u.s., scientific consensus never said tobacco safe.
q1. oh, i also survived my first day of victoza increased dose without wanting to puke. ;) hashtag dsma
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
lmao boy genius head ass face with tears of joy rt@kiiwhii: username no if you took adderall you'd figure out time travel and teleportation boy bye
hashtag ash14 hashtag leusm röllig: adding sorafenib to induction and maintenance for yng aml pts does not affect cr or os (yet) but signif improves rfs.
well antara rapmon dan bobby saya sih no comment/?. but rapmon tweeted this. don't know if rapmon merespon rapp bobby/?
rt username is it hot in here or am i just depressed? fda just approved an antidepressant--paxil-- for hot flashes. see my story: …
username why did you quit covering advair diskus. only med that makes me feel like i don't have asthma. symbicort, dulera not as good.
username thank-you very much,do i need an appt? what is thr cost for a check up or if i ran out of antibiotics or ventolin is needed.
username antara master sun n i hear your voice... bngung hashtag dramakorearcti
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
username username i guess robert forgot to give her her prozac again...lol!!!
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
username (the lunesta sex of the lesbian couple on grey's anatomy comes to mind)
username maybe a good job if he needed the imodium :-(
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hashtag whygodwhy hashtag whyme
i like this symbicort commercial.
advair vs. spiriva
username question is, will they submit safety data to fda or withhold it like with levaquin, risperdal, metal hips, pelvic mesh, etc $jnj
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hashtag doublewhammy
my sister has sildenafil citrate like ew
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” molto bene
if king david had prozac we wouldn't have the psalms.... ~ mark lowery
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
copd specialist exercise support group wednesdays 12.30pm at pendle business centre, nelson. hashtag copd hashtag exercise hashtag beactive hashtag elht
$arna belviq was designed to avoid the heart-safety problems of fenfluramine, although not everyone is convinced
hey nikki meridea needs a ride but i dont.
not being able to go without the assistance of miralax - enemas/suppositories aren't working and even with miralax no complete emptying hashtag ibs
skor akhir pertandingan antara arsendal vs manchester united 1-2 matches this week manchester united vs hull city hashtag ggmu hashtag iamunited
username take a miralax each day and you'll be fine.
i love that whole scene. the lunesta reference makes me laugh every time. username username username username hashtag marryme
username omg drink tea and take pepto bismol or take an imodium ad it sounds like the stomach virus. im allright watching a show
hashtag nejmchat more on max dose of valsartan: valsartan 160mg bid seems equivalent to captopril 50mg tid (valiant) and enalapril 10mg bid...
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
*laughs heartily* wrath? i do not fear you... remember your place and hold your tongue, dear meridia
ciprofloxacine , diclofenac diethylamine , bromozepam... hats off to pharmacy students who dare to study this kind of shit
username going in for transplant april 17th have you had one yet?? just got done with velcade revlimid decadron cocktail. hashtag cancersux!
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
double booked - tattoo + tysabri on the20th,who knew that it was possible to double book 2lots of torture hashtag fud hashtag iwantmytattoomorethantysabri
starvation with a side of adderall
latuda is the funniest word ever i laugh like a tard every time i hear it.
tai cheau xuen lost her appeal after she tested positive for sibutramine and was stripped of her wushu gold medal.
my mom gave me oxycodone for my cramps and i am pretty sure that i am like high or something lmao. weeeeeeeeeeeee!
i'm super bored and just took a restoril so i'm going to tell some of my female followers that they're beautiful...
username shadow hangs over grunenthal as still refuse to compensate people they disabled with thalidomide and refuse access to their archives
rt username is it like dangerous to fall asleep with a throat lozenge in your mouth?
username might want to give mattie may an imodium tonight ;) lol
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
hashtag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hashtag article 99213 username username
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
username username username and, with amitiza on the market, the fda isn't exactly motivated to push relistor through. good luck.
apixaban is an anticoagulant for the prevention of venous thromboembolism and venous thromboembolic events, a direct factor xa inhibitor
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
username i think the erlandson theremin thalidomide thongbirds would be a lovely band name, putty tat.
heh, this meridia likes to joke around... i kinda like her.
username username oral lorazepam reasonable. consider olanzapine wafer..more sedating than haldol and quicker onset
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
username you are a fake@avivadrescher it takes 2 hands to dispense advair med inhaler. not 1hand w a pinkie up. i do have asthma so i know.
define irony: getting fluticasone as my nasal spray. hashtag berlinpackaging
imodium (counteracts neighlox) hashtag newelementontheperiodictable username  hashtag justneighing hyperlink
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
username err, naltrexone has been used for 30 years. it is safe even in 50x larger doses. tysabri is an immunosuppressant. username
username levofloxacin (another ab)
niggas chewing on nicotine gum?oh.....
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
username username username username username username username username sending pics when miralax and mag citrate kicks in :)
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
username username so true - all the time! i see commercials for pradaxa lawsuits already.  agreed they sell u on new improved.
username kroger is giving me my advair with my insurance for $40!!!
just walked two miles and drank some green tea. hopefully, this helps with the inflammation alongside ciprofloxacin...
cymbalta and coffee...breakfast of champions! nom. nom. mom.
username yes mam lol i didn't have a clue how to use the symbicort lol nurse had to help me
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
the coolest shirt on the planet hashtag cipro hyperlink
username username keppra is evil stuff. vimpat doesn't work for me either. i'm on zonegran- seems to be controlling tcs
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
username lyrica is an antidepressant and boniva is a yogurt.
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
rt username hashtag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hashtag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hashtag tysabri for hashtag msandlife and heat-related.
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
yahoooo back on pregabalin - jumbing n clucking heels
fart in his nest. rack you find a fart nuzzle serum goodies spam fart diarrhea vesicare mariano rivera deliver davy crockett
username so, food network is dropping paula deen in the wake of racial slurs. will you be doing the same with her victoza contract?
lmao this victoza diabetes medictaion does everything but help . i never heard so many negative side effects in my life!
maybe this is just an elaborate way of announcing that nuvaring is her new sponsor... my mind is still processing that interview.
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
username username username ketamine lacosamide are a couple useful options i don't see mentioned here.
. username ..i have so much to say about this. but..well , you know . i can't . meanwhile there was not one lozenge in cvs this morning.
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
toothaches are from satan. jesus come and be my diclofenac pensive face
username it's called ventolin you uneducated pig
on my last dose of paxil... :\
remake be confident and stock market dexilant play michelin. do you blue chips smurf cellulite luna maya fishing and squeak dog play
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
one of example of thiazolidinediones (tzds) is risiglitazone.. fyi, avandia is it's trade name.ooooo mihmih smirking face
note to all: if prozac didn't work for you, don't take paxil.
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
username username *buys rope, bins prozac*
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
writing notes to myself to remind myself trazodone causes priapism. pharmacology is cracking me up. hyperlink
the amount of food i eat on days that i don't take my vyvanse is so going to catch up with me one day. hashtag fatassprobs hashtag icantstopeating
filling prescription for effexor. turns out i can't keep up the rock star positivity (alone) forever. hot flashes no sleep = bad place.
username username it's like comparing apples to oranges but flu vaccine is much more effective than antiviral therapy like tamiflu
it's 4:30 in the morning and i'm not even tired. i need a trazodone.
hashtag bbqt i was addicted to prescription drugs, namely codeine, put on suboxone a substitute and saw that as replacing an addiction for another
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
i know you say you are an rn but when you mispell xopenex numerous x's as copenex i lose respect for you..@nurseeyeroll username
no school till next week, z pack wasn't working. avelox time face with medical mask pill flexed biceps
anyone knows how much imodium you give a 2yr old with diarrhea??
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
username username *coughs ridiculously over the tl*” you want some lozenge” no i'm cool *coughs*
username hope u are fine now. just finished taking mine also last month. cipro tab and d rest... so i dnt need them again.
is disgusted sally field only this week got a star on the hollywood walk of fame...take the boniva shove it!
username would have to look up seroquel. will do that for you later when i have a minute. x
instead of drinking clinking beer mugs tweeting, i lunesta tweet.
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
username how long until the sildenafil is cracked out? hypothetically speaking, for a friend, etc etc
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
a list of failed medicine: prozac, wellbutrin, cymbalta, ativan, seroquel.
username hmmm levofloxacin in someone with seizures? also why levo?
back hurts.. again! :( celecoxib to the rescue!!!
that's all full of gabapentin too which is a hella strong painkiller
username username sorry to barge in but remicade stopped working for me after 18 months, now i'm on humira smh. i hope this works.
username _or maybe some once monthly fuckin boniva or somethin. hyperlink
username i'm 43 and in my 16th yr w/ it. very infrequent. attacks, taking uloric or allopurinol, and i drink at least 1 beer a day.
i'm thankful for metformin face with tears of joy
username and a crestor chaser?
username username i agree. loperamide 3 times a day. parang vitamins lang.
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
i wish i could find ventolin cfc. ...
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
username i know a lot of people who jump onto suboxone after methadone, on their way to abstinence username
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
this year to save me from years i spiked your drink with imodium
significant expansion of pradaxa label in eu, based on efficacy versus placebo and safety versus warfarin, rather than direct head-to-head
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hashtag vyvanse hashtag daytimesleep
u know u ghetto when your cousins name latuda and his cousins are latiqua and ladasha.....not that i have a cousin like that hehehe
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
username username username username i feel same way about my ch 7. two big things happen. waiting 4 ff to take its paxil
burnt mushy the hustler pee aranesp may sweet unseemly star trek constipation two, three...soda, shells burp prime rib medium well
many new physicians have been identified and added to the buprenorphine certified physicians and treatment providers directory!
trying to go to bed early tonight. took my trazodone again just so i hopefully don't wake up at five am but i probably will ugh
username well, how does their fibro feel with fluoxetine?
7.5mg zopiclone 50mg quetiapine - and still i'm awake!! fuck you brain!!
username yea i'm on humira as well after 4 years of remicade. hope everything works out for you!!!
hypochondria+cyclothymia+lamotrigine+himym+finals+wifi+no food in my house+being home alone for 3 days straight= i'm dead
username username username username it's also fun to be clinically depressed and have to take cymbalta 16 times a day
one more day of work bitches :d and to make it better i have vyvanse so i can keep my productivity at 110 hashtag fuckyeah hashtag breakingthings
the memorial day hotel. good x-box rolls-royce jim parsons kerr changes a pouie flirts with april aranesp poo while duh dog
i. need. nicotine.
apparently the clinic who was previously incompetent to me in several ways was incompetent in switching me to the metformin er.
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
i can't read another word about saxagliptin and cardiovascular events or assess more confidence intervals and p-values. hashtag godhelpme hashtag druginfo
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
username could be down syndrome or a thalidomide
time for asthma to act up again. last few weeks. starting advair again. luckily asthma is more an annoyance than anything usually.
effexor lawsuits involving heart birth defects removed to federal court hashtag effexor hashtag news hashtag antidepressants
ima suggest oomf take some latuda lls
username people are being bombarded with children of thalidomide type scare-mongering. but science *cannot* be overturned like this.
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hashtag practicepoint
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hashtag stopnuvaring2014
the thing is, if i don't take melatonin, tylenol pm, or lunesta im not sleeping. i.e. this moment right now
username damnnn that is a shit ton, you should take advantage of all that vyvanse in your system and write a novel or something hahaha
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hashtag diabetes
username it was that vyvanse i was in a good mood  smiling face
jesus be a throat lozenge!!! hashtag novoice
username advair $250 in this country, $35 in france same drug.
is it possible to take a 40 mg nexium everyday and still have stomach ulcers? hashtag stressoverload
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
fda gives example of avandia as rare case where black box was removed at chantix adcomm.
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
username username you are so horny and i am not! wtf!!! paxil why paxil why!!!!
we're out of ventolin noooooo
username lawyer username explains india's patent law story including compulsory license in nexavar case username fall conference
paling artist of the year antara exo sama winner
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
i'm starting to retake my adderall today. oh, man. this is gonna be rough. (g)
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
username username it never had an affect on my ridiculously high anxiety. pregabalin was a godsend for that but going to be
this tamiflu is soo nasty
ah the sting of the hashtag humira injection. how i've not missed thee. hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitisq hashtag ouch
the fact that i can start smoking again &gt; paxil is the shit
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hashtag arthritisprobs
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
1 takeaway from pradaxa case discussed on our webiinar-does the scope of litigation relate to scope of lit hold?
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
username username username and the person who warned against the dangers of thalidomide was a doctor. so what?
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
username the following food are zipreza haldo geodon
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
i begged a freedom of pain tonight, diclofenac 50 mg fulfilled it.
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hashtag doublewhammy
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hashtag survivors ;)
username thank you for the warning. i take it you're not on humira anymore? jlhave you tried remicade?
on souls of my asthma act up again this close to it just acting up imma become a damn supplier of xopenex
here give people this pill to help them sleep. but what if they ask questions? ah just show them a video of a butterfly. smooth lunesta
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hashtag ibdfmlmoments hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag uc
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
username ive been on actemra w/ mtx for 11 mths which works reasonably(not 100%)before that enbrel and cimzia w/mtx which didn't work at all
some nights i miss the lunesta induced sleep.
i'm doing my enbrel tonight. that means i'll have a nice big red patch on my leg for the first day of school wow nce!!!!!!
could the xopenex make that big a difference my air saturation so much my heart rate is now normal?
hashtag easd2014 sjogren: pts in tadalafil group had dm for average of 6o yrs vs 20 yrs for pbo group.
username i was such \o/ — their ep mentioning imodium philly’s hop sing laundromat is in my top 5 all time list.
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
moms lunesta go me tweeeekin
username bro i have had so much c-zine and ventolin
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
do not take if you are allergic to victoza -the victoza commercial
finally a day to recoup my energy; think hashtag humira finally working.
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
helen williams talking about noacs for dvt treatment. einstein study: non-inferior for rec events with rivaroxiban vs enoxaparin+vka hashtag cpc14
repair t1d study showed limited benefit to rescue remaining beta cells with januvia and prevacid hashtag cwdffl14 hashtag jdrf
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
does victoza effect pregnant women in their early weeks??
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hashtag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hashtag suicidal ..only just
username just denied sex and nicotine.
wobbly stan wobbly stan sell me a bag of temazepam
username oh god yeah effexor is a med where skipping a single dose wrecks you because it doesn't stay in your system
media bias username username evident when not telling complete story regarding hashtag flushots hashtag pregnancy example: afluria hyperlink
username get some lunesta
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
username sciatica is nerve pain, which is what gabapentin works on. amitriptyline enhances its effects. makes sense to me.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username my whatsapp won't send to you, i haven't got any imodium or babywipes.. why do you need it? where are you x
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hashtag fibromyalgia
like why the fuck is my asthma so bad that i'm doing 3 nebs, too many puffs of my inhaler, bronkaid, and advair and my chest is still awful
*big hug* rt username omg!!! o o just had the biggest scare ...almost just choked on a lozenge... :( tjat was scary!!!
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
cs on sun pharma: positive verdict on nexium litigation should allay concerns. risk-reward favourable username username
username i wish. albuterol is cheap. advair. around $500 a pop w/o insurance
cnn - diabetes is reversible. glaxo-smkith-kline settles avandia lawsuits for $3 billion, found to increase mortality rates
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
not enjoying the fact that the host of this webinar is sucking on a lozenge as he speaks. slurps, gulps— it’s clacking around against teeth.
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
alembic pharma gets tentative usfda nod for memantine tablets
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
advair is one disgusting medicine face without mouth  hashtag asthmaprobz
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
oh, i forgot that the triage nurse didn't believe i hadn't taken my ventolin [emergency] for 2 weeks before this cough.
may 23rd cover: sorafenib cardiotoxicity increases mortality hyperlink
rt username sandoz biosimilar effort rt username novartis tests copy of amgen's enbrel in late-stage trial hyperlink
may take several months before febuxostat begins to prevent gout attacks.
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
but he also wanted me on lamictal like 6 years ago which would have been really good but i was too afraid of weird side effects.
s/o to the kid in 4th block viox who leaves pencils behind almost everyday. you the real mvp
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
campbell and the brothers taking imodium like smarties.
username i've had dr. nancy geodon since 1992! she's kendall's doctor! we love her!
the d rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
if you act like the guy in those crestor commercials in real life i would like to take a minute to say that i will never associate with you
rosuvastatin treatments particularly effective among prediabetic patients hyperlink
pfizer agrees to 190 million neurontin settlement why dont you go home to whore island with pfrice pfister pfearless pfaucet
ok, i'll be more specific: i want to know something about spiriva prices over time. anyone? anyone at all?
i'm soo depressed cymbalta couldn't help me .
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
after talking to my neuro (who knows his stuff) judging by sheer data, tysabri and the new lemtrada are the best dmt's. basically, powerful!
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
username thanks! i either took 2 adderall or 2 of my other one :x
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
the anti-cancer drug imatinib has recently been shown to reverse the hashtag graying process. however, it is expensive and have severe side effects
i just dragged kelly for this album and i let it play through one more time, now i like most of it. where is my seroquel? bipolar ass
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hashtag tmi hashtag fml
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
just saw a commercial for symbicort supposed to improve lung function and help you breath, when listing side effects: lung infection death
username username username exactly... seems they rely more on tamiflu themselves. so why the hype to get immunized???
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
ooh me too! rt username hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
a day filled with tamiflu and gilmore girls. face with medical mask
username now i've tapered off and am on celexa. but cymbalta was my savior.
username saphris is nice, too. wish we had it on formulary. tip: root beer-flavored hard candy counteracts the taste. :)
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
username it is. def speak to yr gp. i was on them for 3+ yrs cos i thought i wld persevere, big mistake. get it sorted. am on vimpat now
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
username oh i have, i have some. i've just taken some baclofen, it should stop the muscles spasming and ponstan should help swelling
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hashtag seroquel
username a technique they originally mastered with crestor, selling billions despite generic atorvastatin
username username hi there and doing okay i will be starting on a cancer pill nexavar next week.
i could use some wine whinehouse and username right abt now... i'm going to settle for this pumpkin beer and lunesta hashtag pleasesleep zzz folded hands
we're already doing a fantastic job ignoring climate change, how about we start using thalidomide again to really screw over the future?
antara lawak and cute
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hashtag sostrong hashtag highasakite
then i wake from my sleep; i floss the trazodone from my teeth. i take a shower then i comb my hair i trim my beard and look in the mirror.
username yeah antara itu but i wish they were stop in medan one day haha
username username what about the imodium add on
this crestor commercial used the george lopez theme music as if that was okay...
nasonex (mometasone) nasal spray now over-the-counter in australia, joining triamcinolone, budesonide, fluticasone and beclomethasone brands
username ehhhh! monsy! what's with that frown?! d: cheer up alright?! hope everything's alright! have a break, have a lozenge! :')
enbrel and the autoimmune era - anne pollock - do your homework before you write what you have no idea about gutter journalism
username username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
humira why you burn my veins
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hashtag sacrifice
username trazodone was originally used for depression then they started using it as a sleeping pill because that's all it's good for.
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
effexor(tm): the most important meal of the day!
username grown up sucked dick imo. radio song or adderall admiral sounding would be cool
tim anderson has a note on $azn - brilinta investigation could be really bad for the co. - as in pulled-from-market bad. r&amp;d still lagging
aciphex and fioricet to the rescue raising hands
the man the spiriva elephant walk around at a county fair. it's so wonderful. love that elephant!
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hashtag metformin hashtag period hashtag pcos hashtag cramps
i was hoping my box of loperamide would scare them into not touching my stuff and rub their arms with loads of disinfectant gels.
patient on glipizide and januvia who cannot tolerate metformin due to gi discomfort with a1c of 8% was prescribed metformin er improved!
don't take eliquis if you are a ku fan!!!
username username username hashtag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
username good to hear things are ok. check out exelon jobs. let me if you apply for anything. exelon owns bg&amp;e.
username maybe if you latuda it will left your spirits hashtag truefeelings
potential new treatment for alcoholism: ezogabine
yes. coumadin for blood, keppra lyrica for seizures. atenelol for heart red heart rt username username you taking coumadin/warfarin?
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hashtag usmlestep1
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hashtag msissucky
rt username comparison of 4 hashtag antipsychotics in patients over 40 with hashtag psychiatric disorders. hashtag quetiapine least safe hyperlink
username after methotraxate and remicade failed, humira was my next option. my doctor put me on it
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hashtag pleasebeworthit
latuda increases prolactin levels as a side effect? isn't prolactin the hormone that makes breastmilk? so bipolar and leaky boobs? hashtag nope
le meridia hotel hashtag latakia wont stand a chance from assad barrel bombs and army   hashtag syria hyperlink
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hashtag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hashtag suicidal ..only just
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
username so i was told hookah sticks are bad for you flushed face as i have like 4...”i just found out today they have nicotine in them
can we take a moment of silence for adderall because you muh girl
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
lasting response with bayer nexavar in aml - first randomised evidence for benefit of tyrosine kinase inhibitor for this leukaemia hashtag ash14
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” over-dozing..
coffee, paroxetine, shoes, photo lab. in that order. go.
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
i can feel cancer flowing through my blood today. a year ago i was on velcade chemo, now i wondering how soon until i'm on chemo again.
getting hashtag tysabri - my bp is 159/102 pre-infusion. ummm i don’t think that’s good… lol
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
username that's what i get hashtag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
username i bet. i'm sick of taking li every evening. i'm also on gabapentin which i take 6 times a day for my shoulder. pensive face
username you need some boniva bro.
ventolin for breakfast hay this asthma
enbrel shots hurt.
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
username is that tecfidera since copaxone 3tw launch or comparison of both launches from day 1?
i'd have to choose meridia
hashtag isth2013 metaanalysis of hashtag dabigatran etexilate clearly induces risk of myocardial infarction ...
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
belviq because we think these neuro receptor uptake cells will not make you commit suicide like chantix because we said so
tresiba and victoza receive chmp decisions for expanded use
username does levofloxacin not work for status then? bummer. that's where i was going wrong...
username just at night for me plus 2000mg of metformin
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
turns out i got pregnant while on nuvaring so steer clear of it ladies!!!
metformin reduces bg levels by inhibiting an enzyme involved in the production of sugar by the liver (nature 510: 542-6 and nejm 371:1547-8)
username yeah, i'm ok. that was weird. might've been meds. got a new batch yesterday. i'm remembering the effexor xr making me sick once.
i had to use my xopenex inhaler 12 times yesterday afternoon/evening. getting close to er type attacks.
username thanks seeing rheumy april 15, i just think i maxed out my neurontin it's not working anymore:/
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
username yeah its pretty much same risks as humira and remicade which i've been on for most my life too. but i need something to work
imodium ad senioritis
username right now plan is a suboxone doctor and keep on my low taper on my other thing. i can't afford to be sick
username username username username username also fosamax detectable p 10yrs, arava p 2yrs, avodart 6mo
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hashtag nurseprobs hashtag arthritisprobs
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hashtag diazepam hashtag baclofen
username i cant libe without enbrel tho cant walk. i have 2 kids i have to be able to move around! i relapse in 1 week otherwise!
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
i feel so good holy shit ativan and flovent or w/e is real nice
username username username hashtag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
that niggas on adderall lol
: adderall had me texting, playing call of duty, practicing yoga, and wondering why grapefruits aren't purple, at the same time.
username *holds out lozenge* ere you go username dis mite elp dat paw coff uf yors!
username they gave me fentanyl, which was blocked by the buprenorphine i'd taken two nights before. screamy. got it over with tho...
hashtag stics trial: no effect of rosuvastatin on postoperative hashtag afib - barbara casadei hashtag esccongress
username it's called tamiflu btw winking face with tongue winking face with tongue winking face with tongue
since swapping my quetiapine doses around, my hunger and cravings have gotten so bad!
you don't need a prescription for starvation, and it could solve way more problems than paxil.
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hashtag cld
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
username if i'm not mistaken weren't you on humira before ? i just wish i could go the remicade way. are they at least weaning you off ?
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hashtag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hashtag rheum
extract data pai gow poker of the good ventolin hfa
okay trazodone, work your magic.
username vyvanse got me up like zombies.. xan's put me down, them bitches call me romney.. the way i steady clown hashtag txfreestyle hashtag barrdout
username username intranasal (in) fluticasone propionate, and in mometasone are good choices on arc.
im starting on humira i,m a bit concerned as side effects are similar to enbrel which i got took off, has anyone any advice x- sandra
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hashtag neveragain hashtag wentfromsize8to16 #
username username antara is gonna write one of those eat pray love books eat drink fuck by antara chatterjee
lower risk of progression of multiple myeloma among vets on metformin (diabetes drug). need to find the metabolic pathway. - colditz hashtag dbsr
username dexilant is great drug for hashtag acid hashtag reflux so happy with this drug!!!
basically - don't bother your ass with victoza - you're all gonna die
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hashtag lamotrigine
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
username or maybe not. grab some cranberry juice from the store. take a nice long shower. then probably pop those 2 20mg adderall bc
3 seroquel and 6 valium and no sleep. fuck you for haunting me abalam!
package insert says that all biologics double the serious infection risk (vs placebo) except two: enbrel (1 vs 1%) simponi (2.1 v 1.9%)
username ugh. terrible. i'm in enbrel for psa and have had life changing results. psoriasis only flares from time to time.
mxone-antivirus so that facet devices, lozenge usb brandish revel
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
feeling pretty good about life right now. i took my regular dose of gabapentin and powered through a shit load of anxiety today.
starofday: bdsi (14%) p3 efficacy study of bema buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients meets endpoints.
username too bad there is no cure. nexium just hides the symptoms.
buy cheap prozac
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
in my bed after 11 hours on the road, i declare my 2014 mexico vacation a success although it ended with imodium and on a rainy note
i love vyvanse :) i really hope i can get the script
username ahhhhhh emmmmma! yasss. louise reminds me of a thalidomide hashtag freaky
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hashtag feelsorryformycats
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
username victoza for diabetes just came on
take first pristiq tablet for weeks. immediately feel sick. :( hashtag pleasebeworthit
username username they don't call it lunesta siesta fiesta for nothing hahahahah yes i just made that up
username can u pls tweet a pic of the location in hall of heroes? we can't find the section for meridia and tinkerbell
give me some of that symbicort that contains ford motor oil.
i am on approximately 60 milligrams of adderall 2 red bulls and 3 cups of coffee i dare you to fuck with me unless i die first
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
username username well with me i find the temazepam stops me dreaming, but then i wonder if you rebound dream :-/
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
username positive for flu :/ have tamiflu getting whole family on it so hopefully it's not a major outbreak.
my bestfriend since last night? neozep, ventolin and biogesic. :( thanks to the ever bipolar weather
*od's on ventolin cos spiders keep popping up on my tl*
username look forward to meeting you this week, we thalidomide survivors have our art exhibition in the garden lobby.
januvia a type 2 diabetic medication has been known to be a cancer risk for both pancreatic cancer and thyroid cancer.  it's not...
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
if we are creating drugs like tysabri and gilenya amongst others today, what's going to be available in ten years? hashtag exciting
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
namte semcam gue d antara kalian :'( cr: thestarmagazine hyperlink
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
username ahh son, i hear from meridia you've been raising an army?
sally field is 67. the boniva is working.  hashtag oscars2014 hashtag oscars
has anyone heard of alvesco ciclesonide inhalation aerosol?
antara nasionalisme fanatisme :| username only one day left to vote in the hashtag timepoy poll! cast yours now hyperlink
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
taking viagra diclofenac
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hashtag cipro
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
prevented pt on norvasc from adr saved them $80 copay by dissuading provider changing crestor to zocor (pt now on pravachol) hashtag pharmacist
my derpy little town now has a bridge! we shall name it... the paxil bridge, in honor of our chief donor, username
i mean you might as well just jump off a cliff and die rather than take cymbalta with all those side effects hashtag likedang
i just spilt miralax all over the floor. oops
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
i get to fast tonight for a blood test tomorrow. i've decided i'm still going to take my meds, including the metformin
i stared at my lunesta for a moment and then called it my precious in a gollum voice before taking it... i might be weird. maybe.
i have got to get me a bowling ball with a crestor logo on it. hashtag baller
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
i just watched a commercial that said using adderall is the same as using oxycontin
username last tweet to you tonight since i took my lunesta but i love you more than anything and you make me happy growing heart growing heart growing heart
if it's tuesday, it must be apixaban
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
had my adderall for the first time in forever and i'm wiredddddd
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
shouldn't never took that oxycodone
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
finally got new meds! hopefully geodon is good to me hashtag bipolar
on the bright side my humira doesn't hurt as bad as my enbrel did :) hashtag arthritisprobs hashtag perk hashtag stillhateshots
i only have half a seroquel left :/
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username i have a spare boniva if you need it.
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
washing down tamiflu with leftover weekend champagne. hashtag flu hashtag sickdoneright
username need to take it a step up. vyvanse is where it's at
username lunesta and ambien sales must be up in that arena.
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
most left-brained wild mushrooms complete. pew. oink. fun feces. caprice jack nicholson napoleon. the doghouse symbicort bed bath beyond
username username symptoms can come and go a bit, depending on envt'l factors and other stuff. flovent is insanely expensive.
shitty ass ventolin not even helping
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
10 longs years since vioxx was pulled from the market. that stuff was pretty amazing if you're not picky about heart damage.
peloton combines the phospholipids of inconsiderateness with the apixaban of inconsiderateness
username good luck. i've been there before. don't let them give you lamictal.
username in my exhaustion i assumed it would've been the fluoxetine, as i had vivid dreams when i first went on it too...
tirando lyrica above beyond ! maestros OK hand
i am viagra or cialis, vicodin or percocet, and effexor or prozac years old.
username i probably hv to stay on humira until september, 6 months will b up then. seeing doc 19th, will ask what he thinks.
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
if username wants a real patient spokesperson who actually uses victoza and has seen results, i know a guy.  hashtag justsaying
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
reem better stop fucking around and get him some nexium before that heartburn be the death of him.
username like clusters of thalidomide fingers.
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
username i got some hashtag kpins and trazodone ha .. that should help
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hashtag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
the avandia certification hearing is set for december 16-18, 2014.
username he was worried i was on too many meds so i got rid of 1/2 the metformin pill, the flexeril, the promethizne and the amodipine
1. the athletic one this girl was born to kick your ass in any type of sport known to man. she fucks like a track star on adderall also.
username lunesta for you since you come with attitude
طل!انقلبت شاذي ولا استانست@uberfacts: bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username metformin = gi, mala; su's (except diamicron mr) = hypoglycemia; januvia = pancreatitis; onglyza = heart failure. hashtag diabetes
hashtag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
username username username username gabapentin seems to be common for ms pain but never helped me. only strong pain meds help
nexium isn't dangerous now eh? hashtag blockingyouracidproduction hashtag nothealthy hashtag nodrugs hashtag natural hashtag holisticalternatives
username just enough to beat the wife? lol, what the fucks venlafaxin
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
in a numbed snot coma, watching the simpsons and reading (yet again) kill your friends. it's like a temazepam party for the alveoli.
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
biosimilars shown at least as good as brand name hashtag rheumatoidarthritis drugs remicade enbrel in 2 separate rct hashtag eular2014
think i decided i'm gonna go on nuvaring for birth control: cheap, simple, effective :d
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
username ...difficult time w/pain. seeing a neurologist in january, hope i get some answers help. in the meantime, i have oxycodone
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
as im on high preds again.. i cant say if this the new drug slightly working or the preds. my guess - the preds! bring on humira again!
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
well, good start to the day... fell asleep in my car and nearly choked on the lozenge i has just put in my mouth.
we hashtag cantbeinarelationship because you're a scientologist and i use paxil as a condiment.
username they didn't learn from exubera apparently.
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
username humira wasn't even an option 13 yrs ago, but i would've taken the quick shot over the 8 hr infusion of remicade!
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
eating a peppermint lozenge drinking a glass of cold water, coolest feeling ever!!
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hashtag msfatigue
i really don't like it when haters throw sodium, i am the shit please pass the imodium
username what do you make of atomoxetine for the treatment of adhd?
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
username fluoxetine was my god for a short time. disagree that girls help with depression though..
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
username username kes all but lived on miralax and suppositories for awhile there.
being sick every morning is getting really old. not sure if anxiety or my body getting used to paxil. anyone know?
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
seriously, when i get a man i'm gonna have to take my nuvaring out, i never even think about sex flushed face flushed face flushed face but with the pills rabbit face rabbit face
you can now add me to the list of unemployed in hashtag ldnont thanks a lot effexor!
home. doubling up on my gabapentin and taking a boatload of prednisone too. maybe it'll help. we'll see.
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hashtag mewmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag mentalhealth hashtag bipolar
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
username i believe that pristiq occasional marijuana in gestation may reduce the symptoms tremendously.
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
username oh that's great! i had nice results with humira prior to going on remicade. hit me up if you ever need someone to talk to :)
username lunesta will you sleep. and you'll don't have thank me thats what i'm here for
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hashtag mastersdegree hashtag sofaraway
username dude. give her some cymbalta or something. pipe down there hot shot.
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy-the same chemical found in prozac” thats why gramz ate it for breakfast :-p
my first exelon paycheck is more than a whole summer in the oakwood snack shack flushed face
day three of hashtag nonsmoking - 90% of my thoughts revolve around cigs. the nicotine lozenges i have taste like cherry infused with ashtray.
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
mad adderall = no sleep
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
username i use xopenex (?) for that reason. way less crazy-inducing for me.
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
username username username username i’ve eaten 3 so far. might give me heartburn, but that’s what nexium is for. hashtag powerthrough
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
rt username my breakfast of choice is a cup of starbucks coffee with a side of 70mg vyvanse.
if latuda doesn't work try longtuda hashtag dadjokes
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
username username he put me on nexium and that has been amazing. but i still have to take tums sometimes. let me skip a day tho :(
what is the concern about concomitant administration of buprenorphine with amiodarone?
ws waring username after massive olanzapine overdose, serum levels may remain high for over 72 hours hashtag samcoventry
holy shit let me overdose on lunesta and just sleep for like a week i mean i've been eating for a hibernation even lmao
you know i'm out of synthroid when i'm teary eyed about a movie i've seen a thousand times also have that awesome kanye song in my head
initial risk seen in tiotropium respimat was not borne out by subsequent study. hashtag asthma hashtag copd hashtag chest2014
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hashtag shitgetsweird
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
if you have asthma and are headed to hashtag ferguson, the also look into getting an alvesco inhaler which is just steroids. very very very helpful
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
/2 risk of symptomatic sre's: denosumab -22% compared to zoledronic acid hashtag pca hashtag eau14
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
janssen seeks expanded approval of velcade from eu for mantle cell lymphoma
just had a guy drop off scripts for oxycontin 20, oxycontin 80, and oxycodone 15. 120 of each.. hyperlink
do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved lamotrigine aka hashtag lamictal
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
username no because she told mr she's on cymbalta.
me ? suboxone and tomato juice.
when will this pristiq work ughhh
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
username i never needed the insulin either. started me on just metformin but janumet brought it to normal
raloxifene is a us food and drug administration-approved treatment for decreasing fracture risk in osteoporosis
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
for prescription drug addiction treatment, buprenorphine maintenance trumps detoxification: for treating patients…
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
google ads for suboxone
slow down. you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial.  hashtag arresteddevelopment
username hi…dr just prescribed boniva - 1 pill a month - do u know how much it is? $150.00 per pill
tecfidera ww q1 sales rocket to $506m. us sales continue to increase ($460m vs $390m) but eu launches will provide next growth spurt. $biib
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
brown qb marcus fuller finds te alex viox down the left sideline for a big gain all the way to the georgetown 44. 1st and 10 brown.
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
rene russo had a fight scene in thor 2 i couldn't stop thinking about how much boniva she needed to prepare for it. hashtag thor
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
i bet there's some preggo lady who's planning on naming her child latuda because they think it sounds good means happiness.
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
username lol! no. if i said i had a vivid imagination it would sound too much like bragging. the cymbalta does intensify it though.
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” i need bananas!!!
nicotine withdrawals. hashtag needasmoke
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
yep. time for bed for this one. i feel it. mmmm lunesta you do me right
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
and i didn't get sleep disturbance from hashtag lurasidone then. tegretol 400 latuda 40 works. that was coincidentally a good treatment. hashtag bipolar
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hashtag headache
getting certified as suboxone doc is an 8-hr online course. it's grotesque username username username username username
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
username 2 death threats wow...cymbalta can help
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username username lol jk i'm still going to hug or spanish springs my sweq is effient enough for galena anxious face with sweat
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
username yep. we're trying to get her socialised with other dogs a bit more. her energy is relentless. me and my mum are taking ella for a
cymbalta can he'll.
it is 2:11 am. i still cannot sleep. i need some sleep meds. if only lunesta were otc. hashtag insomnia
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
username cool, i'm on buprenorphine patches and just started pregabalin tablets, so fingers crossed. hubby on gabapentin for back
victoza sales would be through the roof if 'nique threw down a windmill or a 360 or something in that ad.
lunesta works, but then id have to go to sleep earlier
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
morphine and temazepam time :))))
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
username oh no problem, i was in the middle of a lack of ventolin crisis myself. x
spaced out on temazepam
sildenafil 20mg tablets, same active ingredient as viagra, similar to, $179.99 for 90 tablets. fda-approved, usa wholesaler. 1-877-791-meds
username because etanercept is also not orally absorbed it is unlikely to adversely affect the breastfed infant over 1 month of age
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
why do bars and not remember when you can have the same feeling plus memory with oxycodone
zender: use mouse liver cancer mouse model and stable rnai to directly conduct in-vivo work on sorafenib sensitizers hashtag aacr14
username username username username that's a good thing you fucking thalidomide baby.
now i know what victoza is thanks to commercials.
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
boehringer ingelheim announces fda acceptance of nda filing for tiotropium and olodaterol fdc
username i'm on gabapentin for that and nerve pain. increasing dose tonight. also on an antipsychotic. nothing helps atm.
i just want to fall asleep. this trazodone better start working soon...
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username remind me in four days when the lacosamide and keppra levels finally come back.
latuda has to be my new favorite word.
excess hashtag heartfailure hosp with saxagliptin limited to patients with elevated baseline bnp - dl bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
rt username username username username finally, ph2 tysabri trials included crohn's disease - indication dropped early in…
what will the probe into the brilinta trial mean for astrazeneca?: the parade of investigations launched by government agencies into ...
whose bright idea was it to stop taking the nuvaring.? oh that's right, mine. these cramps are the price i pay for that lmao.
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
unbelievable how research has discovered taking thalidomide affected the babies body during certain days of pregnancy hashtag thalidomide
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username the challenge faced by grunenthal's thalidomide survivors is to get financial support to deal with their disabilities
feel proud of myself for writing up my august favourites today even though i had my tysabri infusion and feel like shit. hashtag bbloggers
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
i hate being up. i need lunesta or someee speak-no-evil monkey
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
username valsartan + thiazide diuretic could easily be similar degree better than elanapril. then lcz wouldn't be superior
ema deciding that januvia and other glp-1 related drugs don't deserve new warnings strikes me as a big deal. $mrk
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
i'm a vampire and i'm just going to talk to meridia and expect nice things to happen because she totes doesn't hate the undead
username ok well try your best. i'm on saphris but i can only take 2.5 mg at most or get an anxiety attack.
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
i had the two humira shots today and the needle didnt hurt at all but the medicine inside burned like lava
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hashtag zombie
why was this employee telling me that sometimes it's okay to take adderall while in college? i feel so uncomfortable
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
fast onset of action of secukinumab versus etanercept in patients with psoriasis demonstrated in post-hoc analysis of fixture trial. hashtag aad14
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hashtag practicepoint
so i need adderall like right now
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
username yep, time for antibiotic and some advair helps speed process. make the call, please. get well. username
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
21:00 dirty picnic 22:30 manon meurt 00:00 midi lidi 02:00 ventolin dj set
username do you want me to sand you some imodium via fanmail?
i'm opening a restaurant called anhedonia and all we're going to serve is diet root beer and old candy corn hashtag zyprexa
never take fosamax
username could do with some imodium
username username yikes! do you mean maintenance inhaled cortiosteroids like flovent or emergency treatment like ventolin?
username my 3 day hw assignment: (1) aggregate adult adhd datasets from strattera, adderall xr, concerta, and vyvanse ...
my first meal of the day along with my medications. i'll take my enbrel when i get home. hyperlink
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
not yet. i use spiriva and inhalers. hope it doesn't get to that point. that's why i quit smoking. username username username
somebody pass the cymbalta
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hashtag scottsgiving
probably not a good idea to chase this nexium down with coffee buuuut..
please get your flu shot . • less tamiflu i will have to fill and less sick ppl i will come into contact with = happy and healthy dtree. smiling face with smiling eyes syringe
vyvanse is my one true love
this commercial for victoza has me wondering why one would take it. seems like the only side affect it doesnt cause is instant death.
in need of some prozac! !! these kids and their constant bickering drives me insane!
all college students should be prescribed with adderall
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hashtag newmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
username hi i was on humira for 4 months worked great until i got sick last week. don't know if i will go back on it or not.
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
police arrested a thalidomide couple at heathrow airport. they were charged under the terrorism act, trying to take small arms onto a plane
rt username if you take byetta, victoza, or januvia, read incretins under siege? don't jump to conclusions username - http:…
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
*in my brother's car with the music on* me: someone needs a lozenge.
dr upping gabapentin to 600mg 2x/day 900mg 1x/day. changing pain pills from 10mg every 8hrs to 5mg every 3hrs w/a 6hr break when i sleep.
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
humphries says thalidomide caused babies to be born horribly deformed. not sure that's following guidelines?
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
username no joke!  hashtag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hashtag tecfidera :)
advair literally made me shrink an inch how is that possible
username username username username had aunt prescribed thalidomide in 50's nephew braindamaged by mmr in 80's doctors?
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
fine - careful with gabapentin - stage 4 ckd 750 mg max - just consulted on patient who was too loopy to do rehab with this hashtag hospmed14
tried potassium diclofenac last week for my knee,it reduced the pain significantly + feel glad that the muscles strength go back more more
username darth sounded like he needed some ventolin for his chest! hashtag bless.
tx a preggers female for uti = 1st gen ceph (keflex/cephalexin,) nitrofurantoin, amox. no bactrim no cipro
username username get that man some fat free soap and crestor please! hashtag wow
coping with allergies in five easy steps: fluticasone propinate, loratadine, chlorpheniramine maleate, albuterol sulfate, and phenylephrine.
enbrel shots hurt.
iv in your vein feeding you liquid darvocet
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
hashtag nppa cut the price of januvia 100 mg from rs 42.7 to rs 41.8 per pill. that's 90 paise. why bother? hashtag pointless
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
username hey! i am new to eso and would love to join the meridia guild. i've tried sending pms to the officers but its says (part 1)
let me take a lunesta bc im not here for this.
the belle dey smart, loperamide 6mg. hehe, who u won shame?
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
username agree! before discharge with a script for xarelto et al, always ask hashtag socialworker to check coverage.
if consider switching, some evidence for teraparatide (eurofors) or denosumab hashtag asbmr14
rt username the early bird got the worm because he took vyvanse.
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
username username my niggy latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
oxbridge news: cambridge university battles ‘evil twins’ thalidomide scenario: advanced technology from cambridge university research...
$bmy rt username $azn ceo: results of savor study lookin at potential cv benefits of hashtag diabetes drug onglyza due in the next few days
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
watching american tv confuses me. why the hell would you have commercials to recommend tamiflu like it was panadol?!?!
username the effexor may have been pushing me toward hypomania, so we are trying just an ssri, then see if a mood stabilizer is needed.
6:50 pm 10tv showed the spiriva ad w/the elephant who got to go for a ride in a convertible. he visited a car show. he squeaked. i melted.
username nope, was on hashtag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hashtag humira since dec 2012. hashtag rheum
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
that part of it is not major ordeal, as i can personally attest to because i have no thyroid and have to take synthroid or generic versions
username at least i didn't try to give metoprolol to a hypotensive pt during acls megacode hashtag imresident hashtag hedidwhat?
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
i know things in life could be easier with hashtag diazapam hashtag tremazepam hashtag effexor hashtag fluoxetide, but it wouldn't solve the problem. hashtag alwaysthehardway
username sure. i'm a crohnie taking humira too.
taking pristiq at 2:00 pm is bad because then it's impossible to fall asleep
y'all seen that victoza commercial with dominique wilkins? hilarious! hashtag toomanysideeffects
i hate that my shrinks office is also a suboxone clinic bc i feel as though i am just automatically assumed i'm there for that or something
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
username honestly joe saphris isn't that good. i am a safe manic. i am college educated/ethical so i'm no threat as a maniac.
yes sad rt username my toradol vioxx jokes aren't as funny anymore after listening to richard dent wiley hashtag latg i'm 37..
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
username username the most imp is i am off all rxs.baclofen for hashtag spasms, lortab for hashtag pain xanax for hashtag anxiety
so the ten-odd doses of tamiflu in the medicine cabinet...yeah that might have come in handy five days ago. hashtag thankstips
but why is her niece brushing her hair at a party? hashtag humira
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
lunesta in hand: i have never been so thankful for someone as i am for my friend holly barna tonight hashtag sleepwillbehad
buspirone, benztropine, buprenorphine i need to get my head around this.
username username aliskiren develped by novartis company
secretly scared of people who take adderall
the vast amounts of methadone, ketamine buprenorphine it's taken to save our dog's life seem very much like a friday night for some people
username no worries. former nba superstar spokesperson for victoza
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hashtag that
i can't wake up without my vyvanse
username no. most just want to do what’s right for their kids. when science can make tragic mistakes like thalidomide (google it), giving
touting science's ability to self-correct probably isn't very comforting or confidence inspiring to a generation of thalidomide babies.
sildenafil sounds like the name of a tolkien elf but no it's actually just boner pills
username bruh ask me! i can get you samples of albuterol (: i have that at work
username username yes to all the above. and for less invasive surgery cont home buprenorphine dose + bup q4 prn breakthrough pain.
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
nuvaring of fire hashtag rejectedweirdalsongs username
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
username username abilify is miracle drug for my adult son, takes with fluoxetine. not sure if abilify is for children or not
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
back on the prozac and feeling gooood!
i can tell the semesters over because i have no no conditioner, no hair ties, no foundation, no eyeliner, no adderall and no money
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
username i did as well but doctor said humira was my first shot. surgery next if doesn't go well, then remicade.
username username username i just filled my prescription for xarelto! :-d
rt username dear us media: you just got rickrolled by a chinless narcissist and his army of young white doods on paxil. slick.
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
$eln take tysabri and infrastructure (incl tax structure) then 15-20$
username username username maybe with a coach like this the team doesn't have all the blowups they've had under lozenge boy?
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hashtag health2con
username i was thinking about vultures/ diclofenac yesterday. as you do.
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
username get me two enbrel and a mich ultra. now damnit!!!!
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username avandia - at least 100, 000 apparently... seroxa-paxil - at least a few tens of thousands, myodil- countless..
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
username coming off lamotrigine has been as bad as going up on it. poorly tummy, tiredness, feeling disconnected
fda investigating heart failure risk linked to onglyza
well after watching that commercial idk why anyone would want to take victoza
latuda is the silliest medicine name ever. la-tude-a.
who should be be promoted to nexium lead ? bama gible or d6b
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
username *retracts unwise, politically incorrect joke about thalidomide sufferer*
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
username username that injection pen for enbrel was awful! that's why i went with the remicade infusions. hashtag rheum
what swings through the jungle with the greatest of zzz's? (american pronunciation) - temazepam [cough]
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
mri, bloods, scope booked in. 4weeks of anti biotics, back to 30mg preds. humira probably being brought back in as a combo treatment (yay)
chicago (il) tribune-business: exelon buying integrys' retail electricity arm
oxycodone online consultant , oxycodone generic cheapest , online us pharmacy ...
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
username the go-to guy for twitter in the poker world is username , could see if he can help you my friend! hashtag doesnthurttooask
i just took 200 mgs of trazodone... im going to be sleeping well tonight
thank god for trazodone when you want to sleep in forever but can't cause your mind is like fuck you let's think about every little thing!!
lyrica celebrex commercials are such a joke.
username username username in case of darvocet it was not a known side-effect until it had been in wide-spread use 4 many years. hard 2 document
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hashtag ihatethis
username username vioxx != gardasil. gardasil will help avoid the &gt; 500,000 surgeries done annually in us to prevent cervical cancer.
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
az wins verdict in us nexium litigation: a us district court of massachusetts jury has returned a verdict in fa...
username depression.” cymbalta can help.
don't know if it's monday, fighting this cellulitis, or the enbrel vaca but i am exhausted. too tired to sit kind of fatigue. hashtag nospoonsday
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
username username nexium is king!
username ohhhh i can't take no more, my tears like crestor on the floor.
username - try some nicotine gum to play it safe - ha ha.
yeah, i said lozenge. get over it, grumpy receptionist.
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
sibutramine may cause depression. hm
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” oops i hate bananas
username username stop making everything about you thalidomide
username you would be 55 years old and having to get prolia denosumab injections for bone and joint pain.
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
a big part of my history education came from billy joel's 'we didn't start the fire'. just dropped some children of thalidomide knowledge ;)
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hashtag vyvanse
the drug company merck has agreed to settle with thousands of claimants who sued over the contraceptive nuvaring
username username username the bcbs ppl and drug co vioxx gave obgyn 2 give 2 women 4 pain ! omgod almost killed me !
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
exco multimedia memang busy ponnn hahaha antara post popular in any organization
ugh i hate metformin im sick
username *gives username olanzapine* let queen ola's powers of healing into your heart!
username i must have a small/overactive bladder 'cause i go like 58 times a day. maybe i need to take spiriva or something
phil michelson please stop making enbrel commercials. no one likes you.
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hashtag nahap
this guy has to be on seroquel...
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
username is adderall not working for you or w/e? b/c strattera has a pretty high failure rate and potentially nasty side effects. :/
they're prescribing enbrel for clear skin...? i couldn't have heard that right. that's my arthritis medicine lol
username took on this morning my hosp disch orders says to only take one because of the blood thinner brilinta check it out on google plz
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
maher karam-hage username accumulated evidence shows varenicline does not cause cv events, neuropsychiatric effects hashtag chest2014
this---&gt; mental illness is so much more complicated than any pill that any mortal could invent.” ― elizabeth wurtzel, prozac nation
new insurance keeps rejecting enbrel requests. in the meantime, my body's eating itself. by all means insurance, keep dragging this out hashtag nbd
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
mrs d has been sorting out the medicine drawer. anyone want 3 tonnes of out of date loperamide and tramadol?
11 hours sleep and still i feel tired and dizzy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day10
username so i feel for you, girl. do you use advair by any chance?
i plan on being in bed by 8 am and sleeping til at least 5 pm wishin' i had that lunesta but i guess a bunch of otc sleep aids will do
most people who think they need adderall really just need strattera
tiotropium showing promise in pediatric asthma. in children with poorly controlled asthma, once-daily tiotropium... hyperlink
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
username be aware use zoledronic acid.
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
everyone in the library looks as if their adderall is starting to wear off.
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
just passed some guys playing dice for suboxone
headlines username 12: drl launches oral inhalation levalbuterol soln in us
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hashtag thediabetty hashtag diabetes hashtag t1d hashtag iwanttobeabletoeat
username yeah, i'm definitely stealing some of my brother's vyvanse
the pictures of me and gabriella that meridia put on facebook &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; so cute purple heart
this is flu haiku the doc gave me tamiflu i need chicken soup hashtag fluseason
nottingham police say medication lost in city centre could prove dangerous to anyone who takes it. white case of buprenorphine tablets.
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
 winking face with tongue banana sparkling heart rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
username their only win was thalidomide and that was 1950s and it was a fluke. i'm sick of hearing about is as justification.
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
username are u aware that antidepressants like prozac,luvox,paxil contain fluoride as much as 90%fluoride in thr overall composition
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username and u hate them face with tears of joy
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
username as with all friends doing psych*, just ask if she'd like to try meds. changed prescribing practice w one dose olanzapine!
username i'll get ma thalidomide mate tae gie ye a wank fir em???
life advice 4 when u don't want to do anything:take lunesta when ur already really tired and then just ride it out until u lose limb control
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hashtag disgusted
latuda is the name of a bipolar depression medicine but it sounds more like ladonna's sister's name or something
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
username but vioxx cures all!
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroidenergy
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hashtag ms hashtag notwothesame
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
still gonna be a lunesta classic rt username lmao cold? rt username dom better not drop this next project while it's cold out dawg.
username the problem with vioxx is that merck mislead people about the risks. username username username
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
username username it's bronchitis. antibio levaquin for 5 days should take care of it. it did last year.
punt hashtag badpharma hashtag camh in the face for promoting hashtag pfizer's hashtag varenicline - ditto hashtag labatt's hashtag blue, hashtag beamish, hashtag mccain hashtag elililly hashtag prozac hashtag toronto
im phil mickelson pro golfer when i was diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis my rheumatologist prescribed enbrel for my joint pain and stiffne
me too, when a greedy lawsuit took vioxx away it took the 1st med that helped my pain username username username username
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
hashtag obamassorethroat if you like your nexium, you can keep your nexium. unfortunately, nexium is not covered by obamacare
fosamax cheap price.low cost fosamax usa,uk :online pharmacy n 86892
username cipro got you too, huh?
hashtag cymbalta withdrawal has reached a peak, lost vision and almost crashed my car from a brain zap. thanks a zillion hashtag elililly hashtag bigpharma
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
commercial: do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza. hashtag goodsafetytip
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
username literally lol'ing. i love you, and yes i've taken my nexium hahaha
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
username yeah- saphris needs a pa, but it's one of the newest ones.
levothyroxine sodium.
i think the gabapentin to lyrica mg conversion i found must have been wrong. jfc been so sleepy and high all day.
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
username a baby aspirin (for longevity), metformin (for the metabolism). pop, pop, pop. then breakfast.
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
christoph hashtag ash14 plenary - results of soraml study - addition of sorafenib to aml induction: no incr in cr, but 3yr pfs doubled, yet os same
is anyone on enbrel with plaquinil?- nakia
username username username tamiflu may keep me away. however the hashtag fullstarsky may happen.
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
well,yesterday was rubbish(post humira)all day in bed,loads of pain etc.just got up and i think i'm alright?give it an hour and reassess lol
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
depression hurts, cymbalta can help hyperlink
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
username also if it gets bad and she's having trouble, they can have miralax mixed with juice, our pediatrician recommended it!
username i've been on it (alongside quetiapine) for two years but just getting stable. really would prefer not to mess with my...
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hashtag geodon
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
just got an ad for suboxone on my facebook. ironic. person tipping hand hyperlink
who the crap is this guy talking to in this eliquis commercial?
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
pitfall of celeb endorsement in hashtag advertising -paula deen for diabetes drug victoza username hashtag pharma hashtag marketing hyperlink
trust me.. your twitching, jumpyness, and the fact you're picking up suboxone tells me you're a druggie. you don't need to announce it
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
hashtag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
so, why not make a condom out of nuvaring material. seriously.
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hashtag boo
username grunenthal can help chronic pain of the 1000s disabled by their thalidomide by agreeing to compensate them all. double standards?
username use metformin
anyone on enbrel get a red circular rash around their injection site? i've been on it for a year or so. hashtag help hashtag spoonie hashtag spoonieproblems hashtag ra
username another vioxx story. this case also shows that it is scarry to have chronic disease and to be addicted to medications
username difference is india and world had tamiflu medicines readily available to contain but now world has none!
amendola may need to have a chat with sally fields about that boniva
dutch press is reporting how hashtag nuvaring risk data was hidden from hashtag fda by organon.  hashtag birthcontrol hashtag womenshealth
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
so who will swap patients from warfarin to apixaban, dagabatran or rivaroxaban for af? how do you choose??
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
hashtag pacvet2013 dr. gagandeep kaur: does it matter when you give hashtag fluoxetine hashtag prozac to your hashtag dog? cnvctr103 now!
lamotrigine is the result of inadequate drug delivery or due to development of drug-resistant cells
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
biosimilar humira landscape will turn red hot with entry of so many heavyweights to share 10bn $ pie!
doña the 1996 white zinfandel from gonzales winery combines miraculous albuterol overtones with a flatulent pheremone bouquet. amo
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
day 3 without hashtag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
janssen: fda issues crl for xarelto to reduce the risk of stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. $jnj
gonzales winery mixes sultry home run pie elements and a delicate albuterol flavor in their 1996 pinot grigio. hashtag song
pee. i'm cat poo butt fever crappy, crappy, the big sleep exercise hemorrhoids zostavax nerd the gow hotel. unfurl fart jl777hodl
damnit!that explains why i have a stomach ache my headache hasn't gone away-i took mom's metformin instead of motrin!-mamie hashtag scottsgiving
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hashtag quetiapine
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hashtag crohns
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
username i'm desperate for better diabetes education for my dr after nearly dying after misdiagnosed metformin induced lactic acidosis
order viagra online india sildenafil citrate cialis clone what was viagra originally
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
trazodone or seroquel? rt username there’s a war going on inside that i ain’t safe from.
laying out in the water and all i can hear is this mom talking as loud as she can about the nuvaring and the messiness of it flushed face
viagra isn’t just for erection problems: back in the late 1980s, sildenafil citrate, the active ingredient in viagra, was first resea...
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
username i've seen a thalidomide do better
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
wow, apparently changing my pregabalin from 3 x 50mg to 2 x 75mg will save the nhs over £400 a year!!!! that’s incredible
username you haven't sold me any medication for depressed impotence yet. i can't cope. latuda or cialis? i need to know.
username more cream mr. inflamed prostate models? that's a lovely new clutch bag mrs. acrylic zyprexa paperweight.
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
username tbh hg antara best friend kat bj gak ahh....kita geng black mamba ngan farid haha...friendly,cr,good looking,stoner
just taken my last ciprofloxacin. thank fucking fuck. now if only the symptoms of the thing it was meant to treat would piss off.
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
username username wellbutrin did a pretty good job canceling out the side effects of effexor back when i was on both.
username hahaha. oh man. nexium user here because of mark and the hashtag jets. hashtag solidarity
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
oh: i took temazepam once, on a train trip in india. i was out for 15 hours [are you sure it was temazepam?]
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
humira may lower your abilities to fight infections. :( hashtag fight4joints
$mrk januvia missed by 5%, but combo pill janumet beat by 4%. total miss for combined products 2%.
drug free! no more metformin to control my diabetes. doing it with diet. went from 220 to 160.
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
when i was taking a full dose of hashtag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
my gyno is taking me off of effexor and putting me on paxil til i see a psychiatrist.
username hahahaha adderall and coffee = one hell of a rush!! hashtag gohardyo!! i will supply you all the addys and snickers u need if it
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
i'll be so happy when this oxycodone kick in.
hashtag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hashtag article 99213 username username
bayer and regeneron now planning eylea combination follow-on - trials to start soon hashtag pharma
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
pradaxa is bad for you the tv told me tho
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
i better go to bed.. effexor withdrawal makes me feel kinda terrible ugh.
username i am currently carless was sharing with parents but gabapentin led to a ding. sains too, as can nevr get a full shop username
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
just diagnosed with hashtag pcos. now on metformin for 2 mos...
was great sitting next to becca and her excrement today, i told her to take an imodium tablet she should've listened hyperlink
username hashtag doctors don't even understand why hashtag humira works on 7-8 different diseases so they r often baffled by its side effects.  hashtag crohns
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
username username username  oh and mylanta (bicarb for gi indigestion) new level of responder can also rx gtn albuterol neb
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hashtag tecfidera hashtag bbhwithmscom
username ...and based on $sny's big picture plans, i think the odds of $mnkd's afrezza suffering same fate as exubera are quite small indeed
username username i was down getting ventolin innocent smoothies...
is my fluoxetine working or is it just gw's recent frequent use of twitter giving me a reason to wake up? i think the answer is clear.
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
eliquis is only slightly more terrifying than hashtag kunball's inability to pass the ball
it's a shame that i can't pay attention to anyone or anything without adderall
i discovered wonderful nasal spray fluticasone , i think its by prescription only.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username i've been told as much, the main reason i got seroquel on top of it was to have a more immediate effect
probably shouldn't have taken those hydrocodone lunesta together. pretty sure i shouldn't have chased w/ rum. let's see how this turns out
username have you tried pregabalin, gabapentin or amytriptiline for the pain? also helps the insomnia
i have loperamide sha face with tears of joy username username super child bro, most especially now that we are talkn of sahur.”
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
lol at when you accidentally get 50 thousand dollars worth of enbrel sent to your house..
victoza ad portrays healthy lifestyle choices for those maintaining diabetes. why not do this before using the drug? hashtag xoomainfo
viibryd has a half-life of less than 25 hours.
4. affect nucleic acid metabolism - quinolone --&gt; ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
thankfully the new inhaler is working go with flovent for cough and the albuterol for breathing if given a choice.
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hashtag rxisin hashtag pam
rare but main toxic effect of metformin is? lactic acidosis hashtag usmlestep1
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hashtag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hashtag suicidal ..only just
varenicline effective for smoking cessation during acute respiratory admissions username hashtag btswinter hyperlink
username i've never been offered abilify. i was offered lithium, valproate, lamotrigine, seroquel, carbamazepine
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
nexium da real mvp cause i just realized niki was the only lewis sister with asian glow on thursday hashtag foundthecure
how is it that vyvanse gives me dry mouth, but i still produce this much saliva in my sleep?
i remember when i got cymbalta lunesta mixed up &gt;.&lt;
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
vyvanse at 6 pm was a fucking horrible idea.
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
just saw the crestor ad on tv, where an obese middle aged dude is cheering for it vs lipitor, just like he would his home team.really? wtf?
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
username seroquel xr, but did not exist at the time i was on olanzapine
trailer trash hood girls think medication names are cute enough for their kids lmao!!! victoza elidel humira cialis zosyn
i'm eating a sandwich an granny says: i've had to take miralax everyday for the past ten years. okay
no. 2 is hashtag depressed. do i a) tell her it will be ok b) slip her some of my hashtag venlafaxin or c) tell her the truth - hashtag lifesucks deal with it.
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
uk guidance = offer atorvastatin 20 mg for primary prevention of hashtag cvd where 10% or greater 10‑year risk of developing cvd (differs from nz).
seroquel always treated me well. makes ya pass out and pass out hard.
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
username username maybe about 3 months now bi-polar drugs are making my life frustrating.colosril was taken off, so was saphris,3 more on
i shared this tiny ass shot with meridia today got drunk lololol.
started pristiq today. feeling better already. if that's not a placebo effect i don't know what is. maybe it's because it's friday..?
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
username username it'll be fluoxetine.. the others don't match
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
not ready to kick the habit? try nicotine lozenges. they helped users cut back, even when they thought they didn’t want to quit.
i got oxycontin, lortab, clean lean, i'm double sippin', i got roxies, and xan bars, benzos, amphetamines promethazine and codeine.
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
why did i get my gamer tag tatted in my lip ? like wtf lol really meridia
based on her boniva commercials, i feel like blythe danner looks like a real chick who could hang, nah mean?
username nexium did the job for me haha
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
not good. my cymbalta is not working now and i am feeling like the only way to kill my pain is to die and hopefully find god to heal me.
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
lol no. none are anti-psychotics. dextromethorphan is robitussin, clonazepam is for anxiety like xanax, and fluoxetine is prozac. wtf fringe
like geodon treats some hardcore disorders. put me on lamictal. then, no weight gain or bad side effects.
wanted to wait til end of round to get ventolin i did but its comforting to know he reads me properly, as i just went very quiet
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
username username username random as in rct: parity for nightly vs prn sildenafil re urinary and ef outcomes even longterm
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
hashtag news astrazeneca, ranbaxy prevail in nexium antitrust trial: a massachusetts jury has found that an agreement between astrazenec...  hashtag rt
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hashtag nosleep
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
4 those who can't breathe advair is only way to survive. the company wants 320 dollars for 1 month.. the company should be put in prison.
patrick made me iced tea with miralax and i didn't finish it so he said fine dont shit see if i care
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
full of tysabri hashtag druggedup
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
make you fart. area. ventolin hfa youtube bird dung percy did he return the cardboard green acres abyss are downloading farts. horse ebooks
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
im so fancy, you already know.. i buy branded packs from nexium to lipitor hashtag pharmacy
$scmp expands amitiza armnt w takeda, 14m upfront but 6/14m foes toward costs, no royalty but supplies drug at cost + unknown
username my husband is part of the avandia mass tort lawsuit and is represented by the law office of reilly posner. my husband is getting
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
xans suboxone 1/8th wood.
okay now this sucks cuz i don't feel like i can drive hashtag trazodone
why does symbicort cost $200. excuse my asthma
username his poison needed to be imodium
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
gonna light some candles and serenade this xopenex inhaler while thanking it for all the things it's done for me..like help me live.
this weekends live entertainment at papa's vineyard!! fri: mike ramsey and sam hadle 6-10 sat: just george 6-10 sun: gary viox 2-6
that nuvaring tweet was a joke btw lol
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
username ps that advice about taking metformin at night that you got from your friend is really helping me!
username username thank y'all smiling face with smiling eyes just got the iv in, waiting for the tysabri to be mixed and plugged in. going in now
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
username username username i'd like to dream about his hair. unfortunately with the synthroid i only have wtf?! dreams.
username haha i'm maintained on esomeprazole so pweds pa yan
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
username norfolk coroner recommending toxicology testing to include pregabalin gabapentin in ? drug related death. good result; tragic death
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
well shout out to me for writing this paper on buprenorphine that i had no knowledge of until 5 hours ago thumbs up
how a oxycodone bottle feel like a gun ? that's like saying my asthma pump feels like a gun handle unamused face
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
(s)he will notice your lousy sentence structure username doing a paper on adderall about adderall. wonder if my prof will notice”
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hashtag psoriasis
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
what is tiotropium (spiriva)?
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
i'm lack of nicotine, omg.
$abbv beats humira. but $amgn missed enbrel earlier this week and partially blamed weather. did weather only impact $amgn? :)
:( username great cipro advertised my company for interested bidders.”
according to this xarelto commercial, jim has a fib that puts him at a higher risk for stroke! wonder what his chads score is
within the year to next 2 years you will get sick and after tests told you have cancer, medical malpractice crestor poisoning t
username username should learn from how $biib dealt with tysabri withdrawal, whining like roche with avastin in mbc gets nowhere!
so you're not supposed to have grapefruit while taking latuda anti- depressant... lmao
username normally i am ok its just been 4 weeks since last enbrel injection
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
username maybe it is best if you didn't. meridia clasped her hands behind her back, clucking her tongue. you know she is busy +
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
rt username doc at podium says crpc sequence: provenge, zytiga, tax, denosumab, xytiga, jevtana hashtag asco13
username how is namenda drug seeking? lmao!
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
username as far as i'm concerned, pradaxa, xarelto, eliquis are all the devil
oh shit! he exclaims after skipping over imodium on the shopping list.
sleep sucks when your without hashtag trazodone hashtag insomnia
username about tysabri because the risks, but it was probably the best decision i've ever made with my ms! xx
easiest way to make the vagina tighter other than the nuvaring is to get a bigger dick!
username 25 units of u-500 humulin r up to 5 times day plus 3000mg metformin due to being highly resilient to insulin but i'm a fighter
alcohol and prozac great
.@botticelli44 affirms methadone buprenorphine as gold standard in treatment of opioid-dependent pregnant women
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hashtag antidepressants
rt username i got a call from username explaining fully how cipro is fucking him up but he's getting it sorted.
username username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda, 10,000 due to it's vioxx scam alone, plus 100,000 heart attacks..!
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
rt username the early bird got the worm because he took vyvanse.
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
username and i agree about the limited data, so i think tiotropium will be after optimised doses and trials of ics, laba lktra
username thanks, i decided to go back on olanzapine after trying aripiprazole for a few days, can you tolerate aripiprazole ok i hope
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
on my way to pick up my $130 tamiflu prescription (seriously?) putting the f u in influenza. hyperlink
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
$frx - suntrust upgrades to buy with $72 pt - cost cuts, asr saphris initiatives boost shareholder value
shoutout to my brother username blowing up the networks w/his new crestor spot - a med near dear to my dad's heart! :)
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
username username speaking of which i think i need another ventolin winking face thanks for reminding me
laying here at 3am thinking, ohh my hips hurt! tired face i can't wait to take my enbrel tomorrow. hashtag rheum
they gave me too much albuterol flushed face
derek connolly on statins: atorvastatin can cause bad dreams, suggest that patients take by day not at night = helps good hashtag practicepoint
melissa wilson from penn talking about addis sorafenib to carboplatin and pacilitaxrl in melanoma hashtag aacr14
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
i bet anderson silva wishes he had asked his doctor about boniva like that lady from 7th heaven
username lol i was like go dominic clapping hands ... antara was there but she had to leave early
my mum was offered thalidomide when pregnant with me. i am so very lucky that my dad, a pharmacist said no
before enbrel sureclick finished, the needle retracted. instinctively pushed it back in o o. idk if it went in the same finished?! hashtag rheum
open public hearing time. sid wolfe - public citizen is up. at username hashtag fda spiriva adcom
username username i'm willing to geodon the hell out of chronic pain peeps and report back
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hashtag cantbetheonlyone hashtag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
i'mits 4:30 and i'm not tired. i need a trazodone
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hashtag rxisin hashtag pam
one bottle reads seroquel and the other reads cymbalta im like hyperlink
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
username hashtag guns or hashtag fda approved hashtag drugs? elizabeth bush, age 13, ( hashtag paxil) was responsible for a school shooting in pennsylvania.
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
username username username seems about right. did your mother take thalidomide during pregnancy by any chance baby? xo
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
username the risk is worse with the class as a whole, but my depression improved greatly with addition of seroquel. use xr daytime
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hashtag sostrong hashtag highasakite
username username username can't wait!! have you found a safe place for your idina lozenge?
starving. .. thanks saphris
$scmp will be the exclusive supplier of amitiza to takeda at an agreed-upon supply price.
garlic decreases serum glucose levels. this has the same effect as drugs like metformin on glucose levels - raw is better than cooked.
spamming justin and not being noticed hurts cymbalta can help
username aubagio - been on it for 31 days; have experienced hand/feet peeling (very dry skin).
i always think i'm outgrowing my asthma until i run out of my advair unamused face
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
get these niqqas some sildenafil citrate!!
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
username lyrica for me was a nightmare i will never promote that drug it was so scary and did not help with pain
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
username i think it's ultimately linked to my thyroid but adding more synthroid is risky.
u.s. authorities quiz astrazeneca over brilinta clinical trial: london (reuters) - astrazeneca is being investigated by u.s. authorit...
ugh - i ran out of lunesta and sleep doesn't seem to be happening for me  unamused face expressionless face crescent moon
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hashtag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
hashtag eds friends! anybody taken hashtag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
thank you, prozac, for my most fucked dream to date
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
*checks to see if she beat username to it* generic sildenafil is no longer sls! a good day for sexual health smiling face with smiling eyes  hashtag pharmacy
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
peace victory hand alvessogang.  new clothing  été 2k14 alvesso gang party hyperlink
preparing for tanzania. have eaten all the old food in the house tonight. might need the imodium before we even get to heathrow. hashtag beeteam
zanamivir and oseltamivir are active against both influenza a and b
i am convinced in the prolia ad, blythe danner has replaced elaine stritch in elaine stritch at liberty.
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
taking adderall without having gum is one of the worst life experiences ever.
i have alopecia universalis. somebody let your boy get up in that tofacitinib citrate case study lol.
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
more like paxil time cruiser usa *downs several handfuls of paxil with help of a coors original* username username username
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. --- kaya pala! lol
username just changed from mst to oxyconton plus on prozac cocodamol losec pregabalin zinc tabs calcium oromorph diazepam antibiotics
reduced bone resorption with less effect on bone formation with mk0674 versus alendronate and denosumab. preclinical research at hashtag asbmr14
got a fax at work for some rando's prescription refill. venlafaxine... looks like someone is fighting major panic attacks&amp; depression hashtag whoa
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
i found a nuvaring on the ground near the dog park. dogs have it made.
username pharmaceuticals took off like wildfire in 60's darvon valium etc then speed (diet pills) in 70's vets using i get(notapprv) but
hashtag mylifewouldbecompleteif the lamotrigine had the same binding properties as lamictal.
but some of usbumsdo have a job&amp;still can't pay our own health care when it cost $1000+ for 4 enbrel that i need weekly to be able to walk
victoza side effects: aids, ebola herpes, scrotal swelling, anal yodeling, chronic cocaine addiction, man boobs and heartburn. hashtag scarycocial
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
hashtag wdd hashtag diabetes hashtag breakfast 1 cup chocolate skim milk + 1 apple waffle w cinnamon... and 850mg metformin
17 hour work day tomorrow, ill be the girl popping my vyvanse like candy and drinking red bull like water
8 pm 10tv showed the spiriva ad. the elephant went for a ride in a convertible walked around a car show. he squeaked, i melted.
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
heartburn again for 3 days.on hashtag generic.will go to brand name nexium today report back in a few days
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hashtag effexor
username they arrived! hashtag quittingcigs hashtag nicotine hashtag lozenge hyperlink
username everybody's dose is different. i have taken humira once/wk every other week in the past. remicade is usually every 6 wks.
tired of daily meds: 1) hydroxyzine 2) xanax 3) latuda 4) wellbutrin 5) adderall -most days i consume more pharmaceuticals than calories-
username no i mean from what i've heard, only certain doctors can prescribe suboxone though every doctor can prescribe narcotics...
username hi mate, i take etanercept weekly, and it's the best thing that's ever happened to me. used to struggle to walk, now i can run!
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
username those don't work for me. i have to take lunesta and use essential oils,
username does he find your lack of nicotine disturbing?
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
win-a-car slots maybe gwee-tar) absorbed and chatted with add heat billioncoin release supercoin invade aranesp jingle micky
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
zostavax we all like raisin wheaties, george washington scraggly to ann taylor peaceful upworthy avert run the gong show snooby horse manure
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
username username why prescribe brand avelox when generic levofloxacin works just as well? not for the aca, but be cognisant of..
thalidomide may have caught on with gps away from specialists and only for sturdy. testosterone in ovaries. dosage led.
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
username same drug. synthroid is just name brand.
username hahaha take some miralax lol
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
how to use paxil for premature ejaculation licensed approved ...: how to use paxil for premature ejaculation :: online retailer of ...
username suboxone is stupid expensive
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
what kind of ring should i get when i propose to her? a nuvaring
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
username wtf is a lunesta
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
only new med is the xopenex hfa for asthma. i'm wondering if there is a 1% hardly ever happens reaction that lowers heart rate?
username that was why i was curious what the drug was - to see if it was digoxin, metoprolol or one that might fall in those cracks.
the dawnbreaker quest is the most amazing moment in the game for me... not sure who voiced meridia but it gave me chills... a voice like god
username absolotley! hope one day there will be one cure all anxiety pill! but yeh paxil has defo helped :) you should try it :)
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
lol just saw a crestor ad and immediately thought of username lol
rt username if you take adderall or vyvanse and you don't have a prescription, i'm sorry, but you're an idiot.
if you're using suboxone you're straight stupid
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
antara offroad dan caferacer :(
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
amir shahkarami, ceo exelon nuclear partners and wna board member at nuclear power plant summit, istanbul hyperlink
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
who invents drug names? latuda? might be awesome but it sounds like man, you've got a latuda there!
playing with the nuvaring demo vag at the gyno office and i just don't get it. i just can't make it up to the cervix. flushed face
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
username username great piece and yes it is the forgotten thalidomide
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
username now that i'm on a hefty dose of quetiapine i usually sleep no problem. yet the anxiety remains. a hangover from the days when...
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
dear trazodone, please knock me out tonight. sincerely, sleep deprived
walmart #41 4000 se green country rd bartlesville ok 74006 gabapentin $125.62 — feeling depressed
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hashtag seroxat hashtag sertraline hashtag fluoxitine hashtag lithium
is it possible for levaquin to cause massive pain in my joints? hashtag medical hashtag query
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
if there is anyone out there who is on byetta for diabetes, i have 2 new pens to give away... it didnt work for me and i'm back on victoza
username i feel you 150% on this one, getting my ventolin ready
p.rosenfeld: eylea might be better at reducing size of peds. va gains may be better in eyes without peds hashtag retina
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
username he mentions a supplement that was linked to 34 deaths. vioxx killed 50,000, if not far more. fda my ass.
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
victoza is a concoction of the devil
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
i gagged on a nexium spit a mouthful of water into my slipper. :-/
dabigatran alters the thrombin time. rivaroxaban abixaban do not.
username intox pregabalin and tramadol 24h ago. also on sertralin but not overdose. fever and generalised shaking but mentally clear. ideas?
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” y'all should eat more!
latuda is my favorite antidepressant that sounds like it was named by billy madison
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
username haldol was used to replace an ohioscientific challenger and apple2e computer lab: my home music studio in 1986. my amiga500$zyprexa
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hashtag tryagain
i seem to need to sleep right now. quetiapine takers, is this normal?
chile. rt username bae lemme knock ya nuvaring out
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hashtag venlafaxine brings me.
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
why would oxycodone not show up in a urine dog test hashtag art hashtag followart hashtag fineart hashtag iloveart hashtag twitart hashtag photography hyperlink
januvia linked to increase in heart failure hospitalizations: the cardiovascular effects of drugs used for glucose control in patient...
hehe, trazodone is sometimes called trazobone because of its priapism effects. hashtag medschool hashtag pharmacology hashtag mature
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
low long til the first child named latuda is born?
username username well it works only because ventolin is both, so i lucked out
symbicort is about $290 a pump retail last 30 days. 290 ×12 mths is $3,480. let's say i live for 50 yrs- that's $175,000
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
username single xpressions family in rg....oka mve plan chesthe :p kothaga mooki mves ki potiga wid subtitles :p hashtag nandiaward fix :p
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
tis the season!!! Christmas tree wrapped gift Santa Claus snowman without snow for adderall
the only person i need is meridia tbh
ciprofloxacin is stuck in my head and i don't even think i spelled it right. hashtag ineedsummer
trazodone plz
prozac makes me want to destroy myself. js. hashtag core
osteoporosis update: etiology-familial,not reversible rx prolia inj. repeat bmd in 18 mo restricted activities prognosis ? hashtag thankyouall
ordered a package from cabela's and got a pack of cepacol sensations lozenge in package...strange lol
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
$mck januvia franchise sales up 5% to just under $1.5 billion for 3q, down ~6% from 2q. some concern about cv outcomes trial tecos hashtag diabetes
member: i challenge the value of observational trials. rosiglitazone issues came partly from a # of obs studies that overestimated risk.
the problem with heroine name of lyrica is the drug of the same name. it is all i can think of everytime i read her name
username i have temazepam for sleep, but i don't like as much, so it's not as risky. i need something for anxiety and panic though.
username username (butts in) ep 1 he drugged wife 1 with temazepam then staged car crash that killed her. true story apparently :o
username thanks i've got symbicort at the mo but doesn't seem to be as good
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
wondering if the special hashtag ebolaoutbreak serium is a rework of oseltamivir (tamiflu) drug which inhibits certain viral proteins...
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
rt username username 5 mins to shave lozenge! listen to the master! hashtag trust -5mins = another £5 hashtag challenge hashtag forthekids
username me the past week on dexilant for 8 weeks fml
username username jess doesn't know about latuda cat face with tears of joy loudly crying face cat face with tears of joy loudly crying face and hashtag fergieisgonnakillyou
username it's safer to go with what he said so baclofen. i'll email him tomorrow and update you on what he'll say just to double check!!
sorry i suggested imodium for diarrhea of the mouth.
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
the breakfast club: a jock, a wasteoid, a popular girl, a nerd (all vampires) and a factive who identifies as a member of fallout boy.
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
rivaroxaban diary day 6. evening. back ache gone, thighs better, knees still ache all the time, and hips do when walking, still tiring.
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
befriending a tweleb is the most effient way for 1 to jump to social strata.
my mom says do you know what latuda does? (it's for bipolar depression) it gives you french farts
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
put a prozac in her pussy
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
username try ventolin tablet.
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
ciprofloxacin has its commerce up-to-datish diverse sectors too have eyes for herbal, sustained note supplements:
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hashtag bpdchat
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
i took adderall to focus and work through this project instead every other thing is wayyy more worthy of my attention.
username username all the things i have just make me sleepy as hell: cymbalta, klonopin, ambien. wait what if i take em all togethhssaagg
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
caution: crestor contains a liquid core which, if exposed due to rupture, should not be touched, inhaled or looked at. do not taunt crestor.
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
so nori the cat (aka hashtag norco) got neutered today... doing just fine considering the buprenorphine supply the vet dispensed...
not even nexium will save me today hashtag happythanksgiving
you on prozac? jk. rt username am i the only one who likes the away keepers top? hashtag lfc
me yesterday: why would anyone take medicine for a flu? you can just get over it naturally me today: fuuuck i'm dying help sos need tamiflu
my mom just said, mattie, i don't have any of those imodium things. i want some. she meant emojis.
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
username i just found out that have osteopenia i'm taking boniva once a month
username so you could have effient time to study inbetween
that awful hour before your vyvanse kicks in where you do everything possible except what you need to do. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
well-played, walmart: nexium next to the bbq sauce.
tamiflu costs a hundred bucks?!?!!
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
username i stocked up in imodium instants
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
username username xd count miralax told u donna xd
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hashtag msissucky
to pfizer re copd med spiriva - do you have coupons or discounts for medicare card holders on social security? friend is struggling.
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
a decadent gingerbread aroma and chunky albuterol essences are fused in the 1991 cabernet sauvignon from dubois vineyards. hashtag hell
it feels like hashtag home every time i fill a prescription for lamotrigine i get the blue diamond pills instead of white ones hashtag family hashtag love
username $regn: looks like the eylea growth rate is finally flattening out.
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
educating my class on opioids heroin today,. suboxone methadone clinics. confounded face
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
so he's taking benicar 40, bystolic 20, hctz 25, lasix 40, flomax, clonidine 0.2 bid + extra 0.1 q4h prn htn crisis bp is still 188/110
picking. two hexagon advair diskus
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hashtag asthmaprobs
yaz nje username i don't see the reason why i follow 3k tweeps while i socialise with 100 ... -__-
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
[dr. reddy's laboratories ltd.] announces the launch levalbuterol inhalation solution
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
tu antara example quote two wrongs don't make a right
username that was the worst. it was a nightmare. paxil, celexa a close second.
username once again....my ventolin saves me hashtag thankyoulord crying face smiling face baby angel
username username vimpat is considered a narcotic drug because of its side effects. i wouldn't want to risk some1 else being injured
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
f you make a 80 on adderall you would probably make a 60 with out it..
username concerta , vycanse , ritalin , focalin , adderall ... ive been on all of them but i get put back on focalin friday
username username you think if anyone would have imodium ad in this house it would be sixx. nope!
rt username username username should try some fluoxetine dan hashtag psychology
travel clinic appt scheduled! prescriptions filled for cipro!  it's all coming together!! haiti here i come!!
rt username handjob for a lipitor? i'll suck ya dick for a boniva! every. single. time i die
me: i hate my life. tv: *plays cymbalta commercial*
least expensive in nation- generics for lipitor, effexor xr, lexapro, plavix, proscar, flomax $25 for 90 day supply. fda-approved rxs.
username username bypass surgery. ra had me bedbound, methotrexate(med for ra) was not working. tried enbrel big mistake! got an
rt username direct to consumer advertising leads people to believe that cymbalta or lyrica are best tx for fibromyalgia. sigh. hashtag hcsm
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
we will answer any questions you may have regarding a fosamax lawsuit. 1.888.520.5202 or 1.713.238.7758.
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
selective β1blockers are atenolol, metoprolol and labetalol.
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
thank god for xanax and suboxone saving my life today
fluoxetine and alcohol - friday should be a good one!
username i thought pregabalin was a type of pain reliever for nerve pain, not even in a class of benzo
asst. managers or meridia federal credit union smiling face with sunglasses ( nick r. ) hyperlink
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
username yea, a psych about a month ago when everything kick started&amp; my doc acouple weeks ago,i had to also, put me on cymbalta xox
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
too bad the adderall that i had set for tomorrow morning got left in my bra and melted to it during the show.. hashtag ratchet
username username fluoxetine is only ssri licensed for under 18s.
icymi .@expressscripts channels its inner european, deciding not to include victoza on 2014 formulary. see reuters, pink sheet for more.
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
fda requested clinical trial data from the manufacturer of saxagliptin to investigate a possible association between use of the type
username username question about sleeping probs at night. anyone else encountering this?baclofen perhaps? cheers x
username cymbalta can help! lmao
username username looks interesting. i've been on lacosamide for a year and so far the results are great.
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
username did you notice? there is a small box of boniva in every scene in spiderman. hashtag productplacement
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
coherus' chs-0214 (etanercept biosimilar) shows pharmacokinetic similarity to enbrel in clinical study for inflammation conditions
being switched from infliximab to humira following today's performance!
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
username username username username thanks so much for your review of my thalidomide film such an important story.
username username try tamoxifen pregablin venalalic candersartan bendrofluozide metformin sitagliptin fentynal + others
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
username username i like humira. works for me so far
username ...i may just at this gentle, gentle man for a while, soothing, like a big gay lozenge... hyperlink
psa: college students, when buying adderall dont go purchasing from people all the way in different schools. support your local drug dealer.
the item in brisbon's pocket turned out to be a bottle of oxycodone pills.
username username i get 2 symbicort inhalers for £8 on the nhs. your system is insane.
going to bed with a nicotine patch on... i really hope i don't have a nightmare.......
amplify: eliquis is as good as lovenox + warfarin bridge for treatment of vte. good practice for bcps's biostat chapter
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hashtag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hashtag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hashtag diabetes
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
username yup. duct tape and geodon or haldol and ativan and leather restraints. just kidding on the duct tape hashtag crazynursemeasures
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
mom, dad... januvia and i broke up. i want you to meet spiriva. yes, like the asthma medication.
my regime for acute sciatica cocodamol30 qds pregabalin 50 qds naproxen 500 bd prednisone 20 mane diazepam 2 nocte tramadol prn it works!!!
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hashtag trazodone pill
username lol. just about trazodone time. goodnight. zzz
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
username changed the lansoprazole (as per hse guidelines) to esomeprazole too for no real reason.....
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
username username username gonna be huge if it works out! if not - let's skype and cry together
i'm just realizing tyler the crestor looks just like ace in paid in full. flushed face hyperlink
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
username tegratol lacosomide and clobazam
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
funny, when markets up 200 username can't stop cheerleading the hft algo's, down 125 they're almost in tears in need of a cymbalta script
username haha i ran out of that i'm glad! made me feel awful! i'm going on gabapentin soon!
username so true. yeah, been back at it full time since may / early june time. again, it's fine. just necking loperamide like sweets.
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
our physicians have gone mad! they would prescribe levofloxacin for no reason! one day we all will die of resistant microorganisms!
hashtag therapeutics i ksa hashtag mtm ksa_2014 clinical use of metformin in special populations hyperlink
only 1 in 5 patients on 300 mg allopurinol reached serum uric acid level &lt;6 in febuxostat study. hashtag dukegr
xoxo username username feel better. tamiflu helps!
it scares me the thought of having to be medicated forever bc i go with pristiq for 48 hours and i become so depressed and down, i hate it.
i've taken my enbrel injection. it's time to eat and take the rest of my meds now.
i got oxycontin, loritabs, molly caps, og gas, swag bags, clean lean double sealed, i.got roxys and xan bars, benzoids, amphetamines
*motions lunesta butterfly to turn on humidifier*
hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
username h2h trials show uloric &gt; allopurinol getting uric acid &lt;6. febxt maybe safe w/ allopurinol hypersensitivity pts- needs study
username gettin it done exelon braidwood flex storage, braceville , il hyperlink
u.s. nrc okays 5 reactor license transfers from constellation to exelon
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hashtag hopeso hashtag iactuallyslept
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
wish it was monday...seeing doctor tomorrow want to see if he has any suggestions for my withdrawal. hashtag paroxetine hashtag anxiety hashtag fedup
when you find out you should be prescribed with metformin to reduce insulin levels for pcos but your doctor always said its bc im fat lol.
username i heard enbrel works.only problem is u may get tuberculosis or plethora of cancers like lymphoma.but definitely worth it..i guess
life really blows when you overdose on boneva
username i think i'm real but i've not got great insight. i had a whisper of psychosis at the worst of depression. lamictal replaced li
username ramipril better than captopril. escitalopram better than fluoxetine. ranitidine is better than cimetidine.
username prozac niggah lol
families that cook together stay together. and get diarrhea together and share imodium together.
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
inconsolable .... dr put me on latuda so i have to get some food &amp;&amp; take it asap, it's snowing in lexington!! really coming down too ...
30mg of paroxetine
username my 9yo daughter has a friend who has to drink miralax all day b/c she won't eat fruits or veg. ughh
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
username username username darvocet worked though. i could stab my thigh with a fork and not feel a thing. lol
tinkerbell brought to you by lunesta hashtag peterpanlive
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
diovan new york city breeze ready fart colonel ron othello why, that's nearly 7 horse ebooks mean coal i lizard feces grey
username just not representative. this is uptake from recent launches shows how much of an outlier januvia is hyperlink
username last night i had sweet temazepam sleep... until my epic period pains woke me up.
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hashtag fatigue username username
got my sceipts filled. thank god for mental health hashtag xannies hashtag prozac
semester champs de robespierre unites pulpy mushu pork flavors and a lusty albuterol bouquet in their 2009 cabernet. الآن
synthroid barely edged out crestor in terms of total prescriptions (new prescriptions and refills) 23,025,870 to 22,868,588.
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
$regn - seeing several firms out with cautious comments after no eylea beat and only a modest raise in guide. they expect pull-back in stk
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
username no, just increase their metformin dose
fuck molly, fuck sweating. popped a vyvanse now i'm studyin :))
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
username nexium !
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
laying back on some oxycodone
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
celecoxib may improve the negative symptoms in schizophrenics.
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial.
take that gucc adderall nap and risk missing a class i actually kind of have to go to? mmmmyeahhhhh
latuda is literally a death pill.
interesting patent on enbrel u.s patent 8,063,182
username do to your tweeds on diabetis, i sat down to learn more. after that i went to my md, and i'm now on victoza for type 2 diabetis.
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
tapi antara magnum cafe and kate i scream, i prefer kate i scream.
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
anyone else have worsening hashtag acne problems since starting hashtag enbrel for autoimmune disease?
username username i take propranolol with gabapentin and nortriptyline. i also take botox every 3 months. i am still chronic too :(
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
vyvanse trades are the best lmfao
since aviva isn't even using her advair correctly - guessing the asthma isn't ... hashtag rhony
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hashtag highlymedicated hashtag legalizemarijuana
fda approve saphris toward extravagance schizophrenia: .zzm
would you slow down? you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial. hashtag arresteddevelopment hashtag hbic
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
last dose of tamiflu for this baby. last damn dose of torture.
poster 1537: clinical characteristics of ra patients newly prescribed tofacitinib citrate (tofa) in the usa after fda approval...
it's so cute. my grandparents laugh at the tamiflu commercial with the giant and it's adorable :)
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
talking to a neurologist in texas last week, clearly enthused about tecfidera in ms. ground level view of that drug is very positive.
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hashtag prozac
username username stress, tiredness and alcohol makes it worse... i'm surprised temazepam doesn't too!
username cymbalta can help (':
what's wrong with advair , my mom is so serious about me not taking it even tho the doctor suggests tht i do
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
username .probably needs his namenda dosage increased, just like harry reid.
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
$frx acquires exclusive rights to $mrk saphris in the us for the treatment of schizophrenia for $240m +sales-based milestones
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
i just took 20mg of temazepam and now i'm reading taipei on my iphone lol
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
the number of fosamax cases filed in the country against merck, the maker of fosamax, has continued to grow. se habla espanol.1.888.520.5202
username thalidomide was good for pregnant women, that was rewritten
happy lunesta again tomorrow. :)
starvation with a side of adderall
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i can’t see the point in taking hashtag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
ciprofloxacin has its two-way communication into contingent sectors all included namely herbal, prosaic suppleme:
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
spiriva has now overtaken seretide as nhs's most costly drug? hashtag bts
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
i might pop this adderall but.
today i start take a injection enbrel with valentac.two injection same time.but i consider cold weather.hope it gets better to work my neck!
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
i fucks with this new inhaler they gave me, raising hands .. they really should pay me to promote symbicort face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
despite their anticonvulsant properties, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, phenytoin, and topiramate have been reported to cause seizures in od.
username you'll have to let me know how remicade works for you! it's next on my list of things to take, since enbrel isn't working.
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hashtag disgusted
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hashtag shakyhands :-\
depression hurts. cymbalta can help. hyperlink
cedar valley vineyards brings together hispanic coconut essences and a incomprehensible albuterol finish in their 1994 bordeaux. hashtag che
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hashtag abilify. suits me well.
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
seriously why are you somalian motherfuckers always constipated? i thought all you people ate was sand? all the miralax gone!
caught big dustin yesterday at walmart buying imodium and 4 packs of whitey tightys..
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
username i have extra prednisone and symbicort inhaler you can use. it will help!
vidalista-20 that is also called tadalafil is applied to relax muscles in men and improve blood circulation...... hyperlink
scrapbooking: finite lozenge introductory study
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
username username username this drug is far safer than tysabri and mitoxantrone which have already been approved.
i dislike the way metformin makes my chest feel. like there's a tightness. hashtag diabetes
i'm a veteran. my dr. told me yesterday i need to increase gabapentin to 900mgms. a day! nerve damage 2my legs! should i; they're killer ...
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
all the same, forward spite of paxil medicamentation, high blown willpower and a divine breath hope to god in or:
username username crazy isnt it!? i had a blood clot in each lung on xarelto for 6mos! scary stuff hashtag survivors ;)
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
dear lord how did i just now wake up? thank you trazodone for ruining my life.
i prescribed quetiapine to my obese patient along with a hashtag paleo diet. he still takes quetiapine, but is no longer obese health is good :d
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
username username username pain , pregabalin helps but getting less effective, so increasing my morphine intake to try keep pain
username hashtag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hashtag followthediet hashtag readthebooks hashtag cantfindgreatdoc
username i'm taking varenicline it's making me feel so sick..i've tried anti sickness tablets but they don't work! any advice?!
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
young lady with infertility referred for high tsh (3.4)&amp; no symptoms started on synthroid to lower tsh&lt;2.5. post delivery(ivf) told d/c rx
welcome back, ed. i've missed you. who needs prozac? ....im so sick its ridiculous.
username in an unrelated topic still devouring your book with my eyes i may start carrying tamiflu in my bag just so i can say we have~
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
username username username username giving tamiflu to otherwise healthy kids if flu diagnosed early?
whoever invented black cherry halls should be awarded the lifetime lozenge achievement award. they're all i can stomach right now.
lack of lunesta means whiskey as a stop gap.
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
rt username xarelto commercial just said and can lead to death tf ain't nobody gon try yo pills now
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
hashtag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
username username lets do it hurry feed ted some lunesta sleeping face
similar action in the maridia snail room is faster assuming you move properly; however, by my mild testing, it only saves 4 at best.
the angel on my shoulder has a halo, but it's just an old nuvaring
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
and smoke oxycontin. and here i am sucking on nicotine lozenges and downing tea like i ain't addicted!
hoping everyone figures out how to get me a cymbalta dose that is covered by insurance hashtag medicalprobs hashtag insuranceprobs hashtag hello
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
username username bring that ventolin
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
username obviously you are referring to the metformin shortage... hashtag sarcasm hashtag mymoneysaysnorco
my life is a cymbalta commercial hashtag letsbereal
username first, find out what the blimpy burger situation is. then we'll talk. don't want all my crestor to go waste this fall.
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
looks like silva forgot to take his boniva today.
username did enbrel stop working? i'm on enbrel+arava
username dear sir, i have a question regarding a medication called aubagio (teriflunomide) which is prescribed to my sister at nour
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
username i've been taken them somewhat regularly. it was the effexor i wasn't taking. and prob wasn't good idea to take full dose-
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hashtag cancersux
username i definitely will, sounds awesome, yeah metformin helps with glucose levels bc i'm pre-diabetic bc of the pcos ugh lmao
username for your safety thats not needed now only obeying god stops me if needed i just overdose up to 70 mg olanzapine fuks me like awk
i think about 99% of the students in the library are jacked up on adderall right now
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
username wheres the adderall at tho? lol
addictionuk username   :the impact of recent cocaine use on plasma levels of methadone and buprenorphine in patients wi...
who got the suboxone tho?
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hashtag wtf
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
more ranolazine! the effect of the combo of ranolazine low dose dronedarone on af burden in patients with paf (harmony trial). hashtag hrs2014
username stephen. i too suffer from severe depression. my gp put me on effexor 150mg. it changed my life. i know how you feel. take care.
anyone? rt username tysabri buddies, anyone else get exhausted after their dose and need to sleep for several hours? i'm home…  hashtag mspals
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
username hashtag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
definitely one of my most effient teeth brushing sessions in a while hashtag nodoubt hashtag white hashtag clean
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hashtag viibryd hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag ocd hashtag meds hashtag confusion hashtag agitation hashtag itching
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
the planets must be lined up all weird and stuff. i cried today even though i'm on paxil. my husband blames it on tesla.
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
someone broke into our apartment and stole tons of money and my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face confounded face weary face face screaming in fear
mutates to take diarrhea vijay. buzz. wrong, you lose. lost our kia fart cd players imodium ad washer woman's elbow brain poo farts. diaper
username username am i reading this correctly...are you prescribing cipro for simple utis??
exubera starts the cancer rumors but $mnkd is not exubera  afrezza is completly different  hashtag inalmannitrust hyperlink
username gabapentin was awful for side effects for me, now on carbamezepine too. much better so far. se's not as bad. yes! it really is.
rt username username username oh oh oh oh! this is too fucking perfect...look up olanzapine...ola be curing mental disorders. be hea…
maybe its nicotine maybe shes a danceraybe shes a beauty queen
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
username right, but cipro can make things much worse...and why give bayer more of your money? they already screwed you once w/ essure
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
username it only took me less than a minute to figure that out haha. adderall had me catching everything.
username the crestor commercials with the superfan. talk about trying way too hard.
perjeta and pd-1 seem safe bets for growth, as does humira; xarelto more questionable; but brillanta at $1137m in 2018? dulaglutide at $1b?
username i think it must be that! i studied for 5 hrs so may be why... yep, my owl is perched lol and i've taken diclofenac because &gt;
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
addicted to nicotine badly.
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
username courageous blog post! -- takes some courage to decide to stop paxil. my family has struggled with anxiety disorders. good luck!
pulling a muscle in your chest sucks, but it's nothing some darvocet can't fix pill
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
to be served with large dose metformin mt username happy thanksgiving to our american listeners and friends! hyperlink
treatment for hashtag pe is coumadin or xarelto for 6-12 months or more.not unreasonable 2 consider cancer work up as underlying cause/predilection
username nope, was on hashtag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hashtag humira since dec 2012. hashtag rheum
metformin short or allocated at some wholesalers. increase of supply issues expected.
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hashtag cld
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
username loperamide
83 yo pt. crestor 5mg. 1/2 tab every sunday.  seriously??? let it go. this is a worthless rx waste of $$$
username like, adderall butchered my ability to concentrate and made me angry all the time while strattera was almost perfect for me.
so much for no nicotine withdrawal. think i've about pissed everyone off this week. hashtag needacigarette
username username thanks viox she sucks
former parma heights police officer mike bell accused of stealing vicodin, vyvanse oxycontin from police evidence room.
username but hashtag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hashtag rheum
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
just realized that motown music makes me think of crestor and similar drugs. thanks pharmacuetical ads. hashtag marketing
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
lol! rt username depression hurts, cymbalta can help.
username antara sone dan blackjack
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
1 nexium 2 amoxicillin 1 clarithromycin 1 metrodinazole
username do we need to rush ny some albuterol inhalers? are they in short supply?
oh please!! aviva is using the advair diskus on camera for attention. that's a 2x's a day med with a steroid, not a rescue inhaler. hashtag rhony
so down to 1 metformin tab a day now.
frog and corns are saluting imodium ad. tony hawk is playing targ in spaghetti factory.
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hashtag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hashtag diabetes
username ok i need help: crohns, full proctocolectomy w ileostomy w reversal remicade not working, so does humira work?
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hashtag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hashtag cysticfibrosis
someone be a doll and get me adderall and coffee relieved face possibly a stress ball too...
but i have adderall
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
if i put my head down in class and my profs yell at me i'm just gonna scream about how much i dislike viibryd so far
username jake control room is having fun at your expense, the are running your promo next to symbicort dog ad
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
but i'm not on adderall and i am feasting.
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
my hands legs are holding a hate campaign against me. i can see us falling out if they don't sort themselves out hashtag diazepam hashtag baclofen
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
the new throat lozenge from p.o.m hyperlink
username then try to knock you out at night with a little trazadone or seroquel lol... so not right
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
username hi siva. i'm on a very high dose of gabapentin but still get lots of pain in my feet i also get the burning sensation in my legs
username username confused! we will see soon what dr. khan has got to say about this anti-psychotic drug, quetiapine. night!
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
username username i got a friend of mine whose being prescribed nuvaring and i'm trying to figure how to stop her
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hashtag trippinballz.
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
username thnx 4 da follow! dx in '99 on tysabri since '07
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawal hashtag depression
username oh really. humira was only available here as of 2008. must have been diff. in the us. oh, i see. it must be more effective.
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hashtag msissucky
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
these albuterol and flovent inhalers confuse me man
ohm receives u.s. fda approval to manufacture and market valsartan
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
well.. adderall helped me get facebook friends tonight. so that's cool.
thank god for vyvanse raising hands flushed face
didn't take the metformin long to kick in....
paracetamol , diclofenac and idk what chlorzoxazone is
woke up today with a nice surprise. started feeling tingling in my weak foot toes! could tysabri be working? hopeful to help drop foot issue
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hashtag rheum
username fluticasone works wonders.....needs a prescription though.......
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
not only does metformin decrease folate and hashtag b12 levels but it increases homocysteine levels putting you at risk for heart disease.
username the ones prescribed the medication avandia by their doctors people the patients trust and yet when it comes to people being
username username sildenafil was originally being developed for heart disease, only when we found out that it gave major++
username username username hashtag risperdal, hashtag levaquin, the hips, now knees too, exelon, sec in greece et al gorsky is a nightmare
boniva makes your bones strong and it also turns your blood into electricity.
username avandia case. call reilly posner and demand your money. any members of the media who want the whole story send me a direct
well i took an adderall so no wonder i can't nap
username username username username yeah, i wish it had just caused that for me, but that was 3 days of hell. boniva worked instead
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
fritos pizza? followed by three days of imodium
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
up all night in complete agony with hashtag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hashtag zombie
username if they forced you to take paxil that is aspirin/arsenic it will burn out your receptors and immobilize you
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
they sent me sesame street band-aids w/my enbrel shots i went with oscar cause i'm grouchy after being w/o 4 a month hyperlink
hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
cymbalta withdrawal &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
hashtag restlesslegs hashtag quetiapine
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
brb. depleting the worlds supply of fluticasone proprionate.
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
username $rrhby is muted too, they make tamiflu
first treatment of humira tomorrow 4 injections all at once not looking forward to it fingers crossed this works as infleximab didn't xx
gawd i missed taking my cymbalta last nite...not good;p  running to drug store fast!
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
username hi dan, i take crestor and the price went from $25 to $45. it is not cool.good luck in all you do!
patrick why are you doing dishes i took a vyvanse and now i'm cleaning everything lol alright bud
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
username have you tried ranolazine yet?
rt username username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something of…
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hashtag willpower
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hashtag clinicaltrials hashtag alltrials
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day12
username rapunzel using her hair for grabs. meridia using her bow for range and summining bears. snow white using the dwarves.
username ye...ntah lawak antara benua ntah lecturer ni practice. haishhh...thankssss
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
tendons still achillin me, some hashtag rheum levaquin humor..
username username oxycontin and oxycodone are the same thing oxycontin is just the brand name
username read on username why we are leery of exelon and their aged nuclear plants!
why does symbicort have ford motor oil in it?
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
our pharma team has takeaways from hashtag acr14 - updates on secukinumab $nvs ; lesinurad $azn ; abt-122 $abbv tofacitinib $pfe
oxycodone abusers are not properly informed about what the side effects of this drug can do when ingested. call specialists (888) 590-0777
username oh i don't know that one. i'm meant to be on fluoxetine
username username ah i see. didn't like symbicort which would explain why i didn't know what smart was! lots of ventolin saved me today x
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hashtag ibdselfie hyperlink
username username username hashtag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
i mean unless youre literally trying to kill my boyfriend... buprenorphine is the way to go... unamused face
have a honey lozenge and shut your mouth
well physio tomorrow, just been thinking, since i started tysabri two years ago, i haven't relapsed or progressed ! from aggressive to stop!
username username me too! but it's different pain ya know? my back has hurt for years...it's not like that. i'm already in neurontin
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hashtag crps hashtag fml
username what has she been prescribed! i'm only on pregabalin and citalopram at the maximum dose, until i see the specialist.
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
*just taken 600mg of quetiapine face*
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
username er! struggling with diazepam and increased baclofen. back is obvs still in trouble :(
are effexor xr and regular the same thing because i just got my refill, and they refilled it with regular instead of my usual xr.
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
username scott-glad i found u -get rx for suboxone asap -rehab centers do not want u to try it becuz it works !for any/all addictions.
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
anwaar just said this out of nowhere, what a freaking weirdo - depression can hurt, cymbalta can help. username
username going to add in atomoxetine for adhd, but due to strain on heart, have to lower venlafaxine :'(
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
you remind me of miralax
rt username sucking on the moon like a lozenge
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
username not metformin bahaha hashtag sideeffects
thank god sally field took her boniva today... having her collapse on the hashtag oscars stage with her brittle shit bones would've been awkward.
miralax please stop with the love your laxative commercials. *my shit is full of hate*
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
username pain in the butt, ain't it? i'm thankful for biologics. did enbrel first, which helped, then remicade which almost cleared.
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
why can't vyvanse last longer than 6 hours for me hashtag ineedyounow #70mgnotenough!!!!!!!!!!!!
gmvpfpcsbuy in online sildenafil fluoxetine online check fedex virginia &amp;lt;a href=&amp;quot;http://where-to-buy-fluoxetine-no-rx-carmarthenshi
had denosumab injection today haven't had one for two months, oncologist decided to put me back on it as it's doing its job.
humira why you burn my veins
headache stomach ache. i'm never forgetting my effexor again.
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
username avodart (dutasteride) - most effective anti-baldness med, if that runs in your family. really brought my hair back.
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
username tamiflu for all? hope it keeps you healthy! did you get shots this year? we always get flu on years we get vaccine. face with medical mask
a acidic pheremone essence and acidic albuterol midtones are incorporated in the 1992 white zinfandel from cedar hill vineyards. hashtag iran
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
username username username username username my signature words: back, up, believe,smart,think,all, forward, in
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
username nexium dene
username this is a lunesta tweet let's see if i remember it. ask me tomorrow morning.
oh man feeling my suboxone would be a god send the bitch left now her boyfriend in my room taking my meds punk fuck
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
studies suggest hashtag grapefruit its juice may protect against hashtag diabetes. is nearly as effective as diabetes tx metformin 4insulin sensitivity.
i wash my nexium down with a diet coke. walking contradiction.
da fuck is nexium
alert: us fda approves ranbaxy labratories' generic version of novartis ag's blood pressure pill diovan - reuters ...
username it's worth trying, i think. pregabalin (similar) stopped me feeling like i was on fire when opiates only dulled it.
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hashtag mssucks
going to take a prozac
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
username i was on that, allopurinol and uloric and none worked
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hashtag olanzapine
username username this is why i'm glad i got switched to vyvanse. they hardly ever run out of it.
username username username that's a duck. wings of lunesta
username only for adderall smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
username right now...they r, imho overprescribing gabapentin and pregabalin...in tx, substituting for hydrocodone bitatrate
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
i felt like that dude on the tamiflu commercial yesterday.
you think....could of had me on dexies by now or maintained my serequel script from maddington 2012............or valium from sir charlie or
username hungover shakes + vyvanse shakes + coffee = recipe for success
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
these refs : username :: spiriva elephant : respiration
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hashtag ihatethis
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
sting. an am£azing sword. glows blue in the presence of orcs. and reminds you to take pregabalin with a little black dot.
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hashtag shakyhands :-\
username username i have a dea number and it begins with x - which means i have special training on the use of buprenorphine for addicts
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
username higher doses of loperamide (40-100 mg) have been reported anecdotally to be effective for those with limited options
being on viibryd and stuck at work all night is not really going to go well.
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
username username sildenafil fits my style quite nicely. my doctor said my snake should fill up twice as fast, geeee!!!
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
username lost weight this year, which let me go from advair 500/50 all the way down to flovent only (with occasional albuterol).
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
username username username it's really close, so we'd have loads of trains!
yoooo kinsey in this bitch like a nuvaring
do you know, how long it takes for januvia to mess up the pancreas. we are scared. many lawsuits going on in usa.
username you still on viibryd ? dud you come from another med to it?
username i was on that. class action law suit against paxil for ruining our relationships?
if you look up deadliest in the dictionary, you'll find a picture of pregabalin
username they gave me something stronger than that lunesta. i haven't tried the lunesta yet though.
username 2nd tweet about pristiq ads... now i'm sincerely compelled to experience these modern masterpieces for myself! ˙ ͜ʟ˙
the joker really needs to get on some seroquel
hashtag sunovion to divest xopenex (levalbuterol) inhaln soln to akorn for $45m; retains xopenex hfa aerosol hashtag pharma hashtag asthma
credit suisse on cipla: market expectation on advair too optimistic
yanno, i pay $30 a mo for synthroid and i can't tell if it's just really expensive or if my insurance is shitty. seems like a lot.
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hashtag arthritisprobs
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
username haha aye maybe add some olanzapine in there too. i was buckled man!
not allowed to eat anything 36hrs before surgery, &amp;have to take 2 dulcolax and a miralax the day before, which happens to be my boy's bday unamused face
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
tis' the season when everyone buys adderall in the library hashtag finals
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
username its not even 9 and ive already taken my lunesta and crawled ibto bed. waitibg for it to kick in
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
apparently an overdose of fluoxetine won't kill you :/ never mind that then...
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
username yesterday govt sent lubiprostone to tuq after having it he is feeling a little relieved. he mentioned in his speech 1/2
are there any good quality studies comparing venlafaxine and fluoxetine?
levofloxacin tasted like death srsly
you can easily overdose on 2.0 grams of memantine hcl. i have 4.4 grams.
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
username the trick is to make a roping of bread crumbs and crushed imodium ad
username yes, it is. you're on humira, right? is it working as you'd hoped?
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
damn this commercial i have enough tamiflu
username need to find out more about victoza steve
every time i take vyvanse to be productive i just end up sitting on tumblr and twitter all day.
username get some imodium down ye. it's the best friend of those with the runs,gays and anal sex fans
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
username thanks for the lozenge! i haven't ahemmed once today!........have you got any eye matchsticks?!
started victoza pen. my doc. or pharmacist tell me that this is not insulin. but works great. i take one metformin a day now.
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
high-dose rosuvastatin (20 mg daily) did not reduce the rate of af after cabg compared to placebo (21% vs 20%) in stics trial hashtag esccongress
pt1: uses hashtag opioids for pain. didn't tolerate gabapentin hasn't tried others in class. lacks routine directed pt hashtag exercise hashtag projectecho
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hashtag crohns
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hashtag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
username i got sally fields number she has some boniva  for you
username that's a risk of rx drugs to say the least ... from oxycontin to adderall to xanax and beyond (some say seroquel as well)
starting an imodium routine. not my favorite drug. hashtag bloated hashtag jpouch hashtag ibd
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
put that miralax in my detox water face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm really about to be on the toilet pile of poo pile of poo
i wonder what would happen if i just stopped taking my fluoxetine
starvation with a side of adderall
advair helps rather well and its cheap
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
contemplating ordering some vioxx
gotta get back on advair
depression hurts, cymbalta helps username wtf?!?! hahaha
hashtag nclextip! cardioselective beta blockers: beta blockers acting exclusively at myocardium betaxlol: acebutelol esmolol atenolol metoprolol
username gabapentin didn't help me either which pain meds help you xxxx username username username
username this makes absolutely no sense. sorafenib is the drug, not the target.
rt username no definitive recommendation on how/whether hashtag cardioversion can be done on apixaban - sh hohnloser hashtag ehraeuropace
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hashtag disgusted
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
higher (back to normal) synthroid dose means cold sensitivity seems to be returning. need to bulk up on fingerless gloves, proper sweaters.
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
username warning: test out your reaction to drinking alcohol on pristiq at home first. after one drink you might not be able to stand
username quetiapine has been good for my symptoms - although it has a lot of side effects. i'm on 600mg and sticking with it! xx
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
okay.. that pill commercial for crestor is thee most annoying thing i have ever watched. holy shit.
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
does anyone on hashtag tysabri get flu iike symptoms, aches and pains, shivers a sweats i seem to get it about a week or so after i've had infusion
i need a fu kin prozac , volume or somethin this morning
username username username username and we expected and stated vioxx was safe and effective. reduced swelling and caused blue heart attacks
hashtag antitoursauce is the new figjam enbrel commercial where he buys gifts at an airport. when is the last time he flew commercial? username
judge denies ranbaxy motion for mistrial, will decide teva's motion for directed verdict friday in nexium case.
username don't be afraid of birth control! if you're weirded out about shoving a nuvaring up in you, remember, it's not as bad as iuds
username username username username username username username ok~will try. they upped my gabapentin for feet so..
i keep on getting notifications to remove my nuvaring ....................i am a single virgin with extremely catholic parents
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hashtag seroquel
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
effexor pphn lawsuit filed over failure to warn about pregnancy risks hashtag effexor hashtag news hashtag antidepressant
i have a final at 10 and i can't focus i need adderall
username does ventolin work for ebola?
safety and efficacy profile of tofacitinib in monotherapy similar as in combination with nbdmards hashtag acr14
username sorry lansoprazole or nexium usually neutralizes the acid and allows the ulcer heal.
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
username username you should start using boniva or prolia!!!
username wouldn't be a problem if medicaid funded suboxone wasn't so hard to get, but it is. and medicaid won't fund this use of suboxone.
rt username jbjs case connector: bleeding risks associated with pradaxa carry potentially serious orthopaedic consequences hyperlink
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
scared to death to start tysabri for crohns. got to get off prednisone. no choice.  hashtag hatecrohns
i'm a grumpy, irritable cow, mixed state style. raising seroquel dose in the hope it will help 'cos i can't see doc until july. hashtag bipolar
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
just retrieved a lost adderall out of a crevice in my car using peanut butter on the end of a straw. finals are here.
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
you know in science exams there's usually a diagram of what the questions about if it's a long question? i hope thalidomide doesn't come up.
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
fluoxetine prevents the re-uptake of serotonin by the presynaptic neuron.
una don come again..rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username we can smell it here in miracle mile. i thought it was the tar pits, but i detected a hint of nicotine lozenge mint on the wind.
yooo never take my flovent weary face my doctor keep asking me about it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
username it all comes down to money, corruption and greed. the fda knows cipro is doing this to people, and they turn a blind eye.
thank you fluoxetine generic for prozac sincerely, me
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
i just want to take a lunesta and go into a comatose grade sleep.
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
antara groupies and xtream
username oxycodone and no more smoking lol problem fixed
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
ventolin injections. make the body move and tremble like jelly. weird and funny.
username humira is different i think... i'm sure infliximab is another name for remicade. sorry it didn't work for you :(
bring on the lamictal
fuck sake ave just watched some wee guy who's maw was clearly on the thalidomide fae ek sing little things by one direction and wis greetin
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
holy acid reflux... da fuck nexium i pay for you, work
username stopped seeing reps a while ago- they see nurses now distinct lack of pens post its though. still got my vioxx laser pointer
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
waiting for trazodone to kick in!
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
generic ufo's including egg rolls. katy perry a magical ear, if aranesp fart friend miguel hepatitis drawing mickey mouse's underwear
my mouth still tastes like fucking lamotrigine, ew
ocean what you think about me i'm on my own domino number make an amendment amendment to the namenda and then i bawlers mankin dollars
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hashtag blagh hashtag gross hashtag weak
username well, i once saw an episode of a medical show where they gave xigris for severe septic shock. how ludicrous is that?
username imodium tablets
username scribe thinks it was eliquis (apixaban).
latuda and vodka; what a wonderful phrase. latida and vodka, ain't no passing craze!
username sad that username must use ads from victoza bigpharma,.. selling poison to people.
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
honestly, the guy's son in the eliquis commercial has the worst basketball shot in history. it's disgusting. he should be embarrassed.
lunesta in hand:i like going to sleep to thunder rain
username username crl followed 2 overwhelming positive panel votes in 2010: $vrx potiga 13-0, $azn brilinta 7-1.
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
vyvanse and seroquel hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
damn i need some vyvanse to keep me up during the day since i stay up all night..
vyvanse makes me much more studious than focalin or adderall.
that seroquel put me down yesterday smh
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
took 25 pills of lamictal cause that shit will fuck you up. yo eyes are outta focus and you can't walk straight but your happy as hell.
i have heartburn so bad but i refuse to take a nexium
pass me the ventolin stat weary face .        username artist of the year hashtag amas hyperlink
went on a run tonight. i've never felt, and run so freely, and naturally. i'm speechless. is this the etanercept working? i really hope so..
acme vineyards incorporates bleachy albuterol essences and a 150-proof cannabis aftertaste in their 1999 cabernet sauvignon. hashtag طالبات
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
granny and jaden gone say i need to look into that latuda bipolar depression medicine because something wrong with me
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
username lots of coffee, trazodone, and maybe epi
username won't cover symbicort anymore. the only med that controls my wife's asthma. dr. has written letter called, u still deny. why?
username vyvanse dude, i do the same shit all the time.
username and for context, z-factor's maridia was nowhere near as bad
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hashtag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
username interesting read. seeing an increase of use of pradaxa in the ca market. blood level monitored far less regularly than coumadin.
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
hashtag fml [49 storm ran] xopenex killed by a kuo-toa warrior hashtag carrionfields hashtag rpg
username but it happened after i added the digoxin. i had gone thru beta-blocker, propafenone, and amiodarone. but had increased bystolic too
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
thought i could go without my nexium today. i was quickly proven wrong face with medical mask anxious face with sweat
peter. you order fartophobia analytic gall foul jennifer aniston. ron movie star. poop tore fart embitter maul aranesp farts
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
*di antara kalian* play this song
username username yes, a while ago. thalidomide and dex. not on anything but maintenance right now.
rt username if you take byetta, victoza, or januvia, read 'incretins under siege? don't jump to conclusions' username - http…
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
username am read? aww yes dang diet and exercise. i've heard actos n januvia dont work well either.
student diet: coffee cigarettes alcohol adderall subway and dhall mystery meat
thalidomide: hashtag grunethal hashtag distillers-well at least diageo is doing the right thing now paying into the thalidomide trust! hashtag david mason-hero!!
username yey! getting my first tysabri in 3 weeks! no more copaxone!! any tips for the infusions?? x
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
problems sleeping due to mdm asthma mr ventolin is not helping much..shud hv done d nebulizer..haiz..
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hashtag newmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
believe. only you can change your own destiny. - lozenge magus [ oracle think tank (cardfight vanguard) ]
them 10 days is just gonna be trackies, chicken, nicotine and wiiiine.
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
no more vyvanse grinning face with sweat get ready for me
oh great. it's quetiapine o'clock. still think i might be slightly hypo. one of those things in the corner of my vision in the garden
when 9 yrs of friendship gets replaced by a suboxone head lol
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
baja fresh the kenny falafel fart, would american idol peugeot duck tales namenda camelot space invaders
username username the united prozac states of america. brought to you by hashtag socialism
username meridia already has a price on my head.
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
if lunesta didn't come in a generic i wouldn't be able to afford sleep
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
got my new meds today. will give them a go see how i am. on quetiapine duloxetine. username
so if your cat needs some prozac, hit me up.
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
username username we'll have you know that the crestor is all paid off, thank you very much
owl valley winery unites uninhibited albuterol elements and a sugary molasses aroma in their 2004 semillon. hashtag السماوات
username username where did suboxone and subutex originate from? this is straight up population control in disguise.
i stopped taking my seroquel because i hate it. i can barely function on it, hopefully my cpn psychiatrist can advise a 'nicer' med.
you need some loperamide but for your mouth.
i woke up feeling slightly similar (worse in my dream). so, i took my ventolin (puff). phew! i thought i was going to die! fearful face astonished face dizzy face  hashtag baddream
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
username username mine is 9.7 was told its in my genes so on 40mgs of atorvastatin krka a day ?
username flash pop quiz name the generics: flagyl, miralax , flomax
username pregabalin im on the highest dose know it knocks edge off b scared 2reduce username username username username username
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username banana
lol scared the shit out .rt username victoza commercial sun else lol more then half the commercial talking bout the side effects face with tears of joy
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
popped a paxil now i'm sane.*sigh*
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
metformin is evil. hashtag type2
in need of nicotine
omfg i just had to take an imodium and at first i couldn't swallow it but now i have this weird taste in my mouth. it's not that bad though.
rt username username username username finally, ph2 tysabri trials included crohn's disease - indication dropped early in…
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
just got retested for jcv. tecfidera did not work out well for me, so i'm onto tysabri. hashtag ms hashtag multiplesclerosis
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
zyrtec + ventolin + ibuprofen. not good, not good. zzz
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
username don't post pics of my nuvaring plz
username username hmmm unless they're taking tamiflu forms virus.
going 2 yet another tysabri infusion 2day! 3 degrees here, freezing my ta ta's off! :(
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
just noticed how ridiculous the halls throat lozenge wrappers are.
username username wow. venlafaxine and mirtazapine must be very sedative. i’ve had them before separately n was knocked out-ishx
persaingan sengit di antara fahmi dan mal. but fahmi nail it! he got the look,face and voice.omg♡ hashtag mentorlegend
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
i wish reductil was still available. fuck the whole heart attack thing, it was a compulsive overeaters very best friend.
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
mercy...... someone give her some zoloft or paxil!!!!!  hashtag moodydaughter
if confirm bipolar then should get the fluoxetine. by the meantime,go to sleep is good
depression hurts cymbalta can suck this dick
username maridia's probably the game's big weak point. open-ended navigation is sm's biggest strength and maridia fucks it up badly.
exelon must be spending peco customers' money on illinois. never have phila area residents have had so many power outages! outrageous!
rt username username i've been holding out for lozenge for a while, still nothing.  jm
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hashtag cipro…
if i said god was sending me messages someone would make me take geodon instead of giving me air time. hashtag glennbeck
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
sounds like pradaxa review sets new precedent for pbs listing: new drugs won't be listed if old ones (like warfarin) being used suboptimally
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hashtag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hashtag winning
your highness.... username man these ventolin tablets are really something else smirking face
username i am on 800mg of quetiapine daily, and have been for many years.
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
almost 1000 words of pure shite! on the plus side, i now know a lot about thalidomide and birth deformities. hashtag teamplath
i love these medicine commercials: if you take eliquis, you will bleed internally and die. don't take eliquis if you are a human being.
seroquel and vodka!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! join me
any of my kind followers wanna donate a mousepad to ya boy? it can say valtrex or lunesta on it. doesn't matter
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
it's scary how few combinations there are that can be taken without food. now on truvada, ritonavir darinavir with a snack! hashtag hivmeds hashtag hiv
username walmart: because going to target requires a shower.target: because going to walmart requires prozac and a tetanus shot! hashtag freaky
shower me in adderall n love n money n blunts n attention n call me ur honey n lick me until im screaming bloody
username your company is absolute bull. won't let me use advair probably because you don't have your hand in their pocket.
no 2 - abbvie's hyperthyroid drug synthroid with 22.26m prescriptions, only no 61 on sales $899m
plenty of 'healthy' varenicline hashtag nrt is available to hashtag smokers at username hashtag suicide is hashtag onegoodreason to quit. hyperlink
blue roxies pink suboxone i tried stoppin
so it seems that if i take hashtag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hashtag day14
the times i can't complain / are the times i do the most / on a diet of black coffee / and prozac-buttered toast hashtag primus
username atorvastatin (20mg) 28 = 5.46. lansoprazole 15mg (28) = 4.76. prices provided directly by the hse, which sets the reference price.
username i take nexium 40mg. i'm surprised at water causing it for you. tap water?
seems takeda $scmp initiating an amitiza dtc in 3q14. $irwd
have a fucking lozenge judith or at least adjust your mic. rt username bird on the end needs a soother hashtag qanda
$agn plagued by bad news re: generic eylea competition delays in baldness drug darpin . 3q eps up on tue. but lowered guidance in may. (?)
beginning to wonder, did we just get lucky with metformin? mt username savor trial disappoints - no cardiovascular advantage for saxagliptin
$amgn; when enbrel is too expensive, use our hashtag biosimilars in ra...or did $amgn mean something else?
this victoza commercial is long as fuck
and fentanyl time… and dialudid time… and versed time… and oxycodone time… hyperlink
i drank mucho coffee today.. i'm sitting in my office chair bouncing up and down and working like i'm on 40 mgd of adderall grimacing face grimacing face
username i left her a voicemail don't worry viox i got it
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
username username i haaaated trazodone. don't be afraid to ask doc for something else if side effects continue. gave me migraines.
username i’ve a headache. slight upset tummy. a runny bum. i’m taking imodium and fast steps to the bathroom.
the jungle cruise sleuth australia in moron diarrhea hemorrhoids tonya harding heinz tromp zinger andrew luck enbrel ohio stroke text mining
username no but i had a surgeon do the nisson wrap on me and that was a big mistake. problems ever since. just take nexium or prilosec.
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hashtag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hashtag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
my friend had miralax sitting in a gatorade let the guy she hooked up with drink it then kicked him out loudly crying face pile of poo
username did you take your boniva this morning?
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
username so that's what happened? he was shot while taking his prescribed oxycodone minding his own business?
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
loperamide wore off... i thought it was a fart. it wasnt. hashtag ishitmypants. hashtag imsick hashtag dontjudge
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
is amazing spider-man 2 going to be just one big boniva ad starring sally field?
these eliquis commercials are the worst things on tv. just awful. written by 6 year olds.
username they have steroids and like some other shit in them. can't remember now but alvesco is like basically inhaled prednisone w/i
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
only got 2 pills of ventolin left for me. god help me.
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
username sounds like when i was on metformin :/
the adderall diaries: day 2- chemically induced friendliness
tnf blockers e.g etanercept and adalimumab are used in severe ankylosing spondylitis
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
you know what i think is seriously messed up is the law that states in a mass tort lawsuit like the avandia case that any liens for hospital
username just yes, i inject enbrel but am trying to stop it, i prefer holistic approach, my joints are still sore from arthritis
rt username i have a”  anaesthetic throat lozenge in your ear?
tell your doctors you're taking xarelto
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hashtag lamictal / hashtag lamotrigine?
username username username username you can only hope their chocolate isn't as bad as their so called journalism, imodium on standby
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
username hashtag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
username ongoing phase 3 trials of bortezomib + r-chop in dlbcl hashtag lymsm  hashtag ash14
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hashtag antibiotics
had lights out no internet going movie playing relaxed feeling my suboxone then what the fuck changed?
drug-induced lupus erythematosus caused by tumor necrosis factor α such as etanercept causes + anti ds dna ab. hashtag usmle
perbalahan antara acidgaf fans haters membuatkan jo deactive her account. im so fucking sad because the drama was so fab face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy hahaha
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
onglyza fails clinical trials for heart attack, stroke prevention hashtag news hashtag astrazeneca hashtag bristolmyersquibb
suboxone is the cuddle drug swear
username mostly adderall haha
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
he thought his geodon was poison ...i had to pop the capsule n mix it with the ice cream
denosumab solves bore in relation with flint deliquescence by gentry as well as prostate pest: .vbg
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
username take keppra1500mg and gabapentin 3x100mg they don't work fedup ending up in hospital hun dont like going i would like to come home
username sorry full of cold completely forgot to check bout the victoza anguished face i see your feeling a bit better, which is good
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
waiting to find out my dosage of these inhalers... symbicort and advair # sickly  hashtag asthmaproblems
if i die tonight i would like my last words to be don't fucking take ciprofloxacin even if your doctor prescribes it
username that ms moment you realize you're due for drug therapy. so that's why i have no nustep energy. let's do this! hashtag tysabri
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
of the ms drugs, mr. corboy says tysabri (natalizumab) is considered the most effective but it hasn't been tested in any comparison trials.
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
tofacitinib should be stopped 2 days prior to surgery hashtag acr14
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
username username good luck. i went the aubagio route. so far so good. feel better. i think tysabri was hurting my joints. purple heart less pain
username he certainly could make a run lets put our faith in hashtag enbrel hashtag old
starving. .. thanks saphris
the silver lining: nebivolol has less ed (willow tree syndrome).
anyone else seen the new symbicort tv ad with the wolves? &lt;3
is this a lunesta ad? hashtag peterpanlive
methadone clinic lady: what's that? a muffin, juice and suboxone for breakfast? me: better than heroin for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
do you know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved lamotrigine aka hashtag lamictal
username gabapentin is better plus you don't run the risk of falling over!
and celecoxib (1%). records indicated that 15.5% of ischemic stroke patients were using nsaids after discharge,
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
username i've heard wellbutrin zoloft are a lot alike. you taking pristiq now?
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
i think lozenge is such an underrated word
username at least when i was researching suboxone last year i knew for a fact i wasn't a heroin junky...
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
steven gibson - gabapentin : pregabalin equivalence 6:1 hashtag asmsing2014
anyone know where i can get some adderall, vyvanse or focalin?
trampeze showed that zoledronic acid and strontium-89 had no significant effect on clinical progression free survival. hashtag asco
interesting hashtag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
so...options for sleep...1. continue to stay up and hope i crash tonight...2. close my eyes and hope for goodness. 3. stay up and lunesta it
only realize i was on the wrong convo when i started typing the lyrica
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
username username my house has long been specially equipped, tiled floor, leather sofa etc. i also use symbicort and bricanyl
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hashtag rheum
username username hah, i'm not, but situation demands journalistic honesty. personally think eylea is best drug. value of less inj
so there is a new medicine called latuda you know u had to laugh like wtf
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
i've temazepam and olanzapine, and more, 100% sure i'll die
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
so 30- 60 mg of nicotine in one go is enough to kill you.
username hashtag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
our founders taylor and username talking to exelon students about monkeybars! username hyperlink
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
username i did that last night too! can you seriously not get ambien/lunesta? i like lunesta the best.
those new enbrel commercials with phil mickelson are very believable. phil often shops in malls and airport terminals when he flies coach.
i'd very much like to down a bottle of seroquel right now, but really, what good would that do for me? none. absolutely none
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
literally if i wasn't on vyvanse today i'd kill myself
username i have made my customary offering to them by burning some trainee tech test papers on a fire made primarily of fluoxetine boxes
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
these eliquis ads are unintentionally hilarious.
$myl sold covered call myl 140719 c 55.00 for income. bullish on generic advair is the major long-term theme.
username all nighter anyone? eyes ” adderall cyclone
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
hashtag rxchatng metformin
yik yak is where i found my adderall connect
data switch examined 3 arms, prolia then forteo, forteo then prolia, and combo switched to prolia hashtag asbmr14
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
earth-bounder than a peter pan on levothyroxine
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
albuterol tiene a vale on fire!
20s 8th day with hashtag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hashtag depression
hashtag getwellmileycyrus hashtag mileycyrus hope you haven't been hashtag floxxed by cipro or levaquin watch your tendons!
*the lockdown is no longer in effect* adderall saves the day once again.
username tysabri has done wonders for me anyway. i'm having a relapse just now but that's the first in 3years!
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
rt username vyvanse and adderall should be advertised and sold as a pill for cleaning.
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
username username baclofen and e-cig are probably the 2 magic deux ex machina of public health !” 1 main diff: e-cig is not a medicine!
username nah, i don’t get that from levaquin
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
new favorite game: take a gabapentin and see how productive i can be until i cant stay awake: 2/3 loads of laundry now put away, dishes done
i just learned rupert murdoch helped thalidimide parents get compensation hashtag robinhood
celebrating 1th brilinta in ina + sharing experience right patient for the right oap» dr. benny sp.jp (fiha) in binawaluya cardiac center..
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
depression hurts........ cymbalta can help username
ghee ghee teenage zillion commerce rogers rides piously penis octacosanol poo toilet brush leaf motion zostavax appetite repulse
username is januvia right for you?
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
this whole show looks like an ad for paxil.
username i've encountered a lot if patients on apixaban, only encountered 1 on rivaroxaban in gp as he was a falls risk.
username tadalafil, sildenafil, vardenafil from factory with high quality and nice price. bob@pharmade.com hyperlink
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
username will add pristiq to my list if username does not renew hashtag batb for season 3 hashtag chooseussavebatb. thx for sponsoring ads!
username no, i have a symbicort 400/12 (budesonide/formoterol) steroid inhaler as long-acting antagonist.
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
username ambien, lunesta and sonata were not included in the study. and it even says it's not for sure about the other ones
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
$regn - q2 us eylea sales a touch light but dme ph3 trials positive and approval filings one year earlier.
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
username just on quetiapine atm. was on an antidepressant but came off it in the last 1-2 yrs. have really struggled to get psychs to
also tripped balls off tamiflu actually seeing and hearing shit when i woke up apparently it's common in children so i am a child
i only know sally fields as the fragile woman in the boniva commercials and the mom in mrs.doubtfire. and now a presenter at the hashtag oscars
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
username suboxone needs to come in doses smaller than 2mg, which is equal to 40-80mg of morphine. that is too high to quit at.
username username username a buprenorphine condition certainly would have been a very interesting addition to the trial!
username my mom used rivaroxaban and it gave her a terrible time with weakness and muscle pain.
username hahaha! darlene eats nexium like it's a vitamin.
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hashtag cysticfibrosis
username is it just me or does latuda sound like a french word for passing gas?
pain syndrome? meds like gabapentin may help. the experts are the patients and numbers of pain syndrome may be higher. hashtag asbrs hashtag bcsm
new users of diclofenac, etodolac, meloxicam, celecoxib (cpx-2 inhibitors) are 42% more likely to die from stroke, compared with non-users.
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hashtag headache
ugh i hate metformin im sick
rt username elliot fund j rexer: bt patients on memantine show inc'd cognitive ability hashtag braintumorthursday hashtag sno2012 hashtag braincanceractionweek
username had my tysabri today and a great dinner with my in-laws and dad&amp;stepmum . how are you?
that dude on the crestor commercial needs to chill
username username i've had friends fam do hashtag enbrel for me; i feel like hashtag humira would be trickier to have someone else do. hashtag rheum
in the eliquis commercial the son shoots like a freakin woman
apixaban is xa inhibitor. approved for stroke prevention in a fib, vte/pe for hip/knee replacement. aristotle trial-dr grant hashtag im2014
i don't get it- i was ok this morning, now i am down again and on the verge of tears. the lamotrigine just isn't cutting it as an anti d
adderall focalin ritalin concerta desoxyn vyvanse dexedrine strattera
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
username i am taking tecfidera which was approved last march. but i still get relapses. i hope i can find something more effective too
do any of you use nuvaring as birth control? i don't want the depo shot or pills so i'm trying to explore other options hashtag replytweet
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hashtag nightmare hashtag bloodbath
most of these pharmacies i'm calling aren't going to be able to get viibryd until monday
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
username jaime mayor oreja and everyone, please sign written declaration 0011 soon, many met me to discuss thalidomide in ep this week/rt
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
username i thought you took ability too ._. abilify and concerta are my longest meds but i stopped concerta. does lamictal taste bitter?
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hashtag usmlestep1
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
i went to the doctor last week and got prescribed more lamictal to make sure i don't go manic over the summer. hashtag mania hashtag bipolar
note to self,when you have an overactive mind,do not google the tablets your on and read the case studies hashtag ffs hashtag amitriptyline hashtag fluoxetine
hashtag xanaxdreams and the 02:39 fluoxetine seagull drop off
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
either i need to go on ditropan and that fixes it or i need to go on ditropan and get the surgery
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
i feel sick sleepy nauseous i need a bowl of soup a nexium a nap.
username and the prescribed her the tamiflu.. the tamiflu is another red cross plot to use against rather than heal
username what do you make of atomoxetine for the treatment of adhd? im 20 years old.
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
username is huffing on some advair before she sings.  hashtag stanleycupfinal hashtag kings hashtag rangers
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. explains more
how anyone can say there is no withdrawal from prozac withdrawal is beyond me. their answer is to go back on it and up the dose.
well played tysabri...kicking butt hashtag nosleep.
username username username i take cymbalta and have not had any problems with it (knock on wood, username that is)
exercising vigorously for 30-minutes three times a week is just as effective as paxil and zoloft in relieving symptoms of major depression.
username is an improved vioxx in the market now under a new name?
i wonder if my pediatrician can prescribe me some lunesta , ambien or xanax because my insomnia is getting out of hand.
ate 5g of carbs for dinner. fasting hashtag bgnow is 311mg/dl. victoza goes back to before bed. probably doing insulin next visit.
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
varenicline triples likelihood of a successful quit attempt but support needed hashtag pcrsukconf2014
sykeee these kids r snorting adderall lolz
he has been stopped up for 3weeks enema daily miralax 2x a day nothing's working sees a gastroenterologist 9/30 don't know if he can wait
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hashtag usmle
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
username what meds are you taking, if you don't mind me asking? paxil is terrible. it was just like you described.
adderall rampage rn. i either need more adderall or some alcohol.
username username amitriptylline no longer used routinely due to cardiac effects. pregabalin is the new drug of choice.
username and it was only because of that adderall and i was awake for mike and mike in the morning haha
(( people like to do that to those who take trazodone, i've seen it a lot it's dumb ))
plus, you, not knowing that you are allergic to esomeprazole is not our fault.
pergolide is used to treat what condition in horses? #2016eq2fa
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
here's my giant megapiece on tamiflu and trials transparency. spoiler: surprise it doesn't
i hate u prozac pill pistol
rt username sandoz enbrel etanercept hashtag biosimilar trial to exploit eu/us reg harmony. us 'submarine' hashtag patent 8063182 expiring 2028 sti…
username at least mine has largely only been synthroid :)
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
the miami trial research group: metoprolol in acute myocardial infarction (miami). am j cardiol 1985
username it'll make big difference in large indications, see recent example of advair and victoza.
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
username i'm going to name my first born oxycodone because its saving my life right now... that's that oxy talking..lol face with tears of joy  hashtag ghetto face with tears of joy
username 3)the thiazolidinediones rosiglitazone pioglitazone increase the risk of hyperlink
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
11:50 pm wsyx showed the xarelto ad with the retired couple who travel take their dog w/them. he sits on the back seat. sweet dog.
symbicort inhalation powder starting from $26.00 symbicort inhalation powder is used to treat the signs of asthma. hyperlink
username at least--though metoprolol did a number on my veins but not my mom's.(i think) didn't observe her.
hashtag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hashtag article 99213 username username
everyone's always upset in my house. damn, take a prozac
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
username you got to find a better doctor. when i went in for mind they gave me their special 6-pack. 4 darvocet and 2 valium.
username methadone, tramadol, zanaflex, xanax, effexor, my sis, my niece, my dad.
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
username the team that brings you cipro pizza al taglio great food at great prices” - watch the blog for a review soon! lovely food!
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
username side effects to diclofenac seem to outweigh any advantages, which can be supplemented with other drugs. why produce it at all?
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hashtag crohns hashtag humira
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hashtag breastcancer but can increase hashtag hotflashes.
do you agree: (this is not supposed to be taken as an offense) latuda sounds like the french word for butt.
i wouldn't even doubt that protein powder is our thalidomide
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
hashtag ruinamedicine george metformin
vyvanse makes me so fucking talkative i feel like a normal person
so you can't take latuda and eat grapefruit or drink grapefruit juice wtf
top stories on mkts@lunch: ranbaxy username soars in trade; gets usfda nod for diovan generic username
username are you on any levaquin or cipro? horrible stuff.
humira got a real nigga tired disappointed face
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
results of my tweet survey on numbers using pregabalin without side effects - zero. on the other hand, those with side effects - zero. :o/
colonoscopy tech described my guts as tortuous to get round, it was for me they gave me fentanyl as pain relief which buprenorphine blocks
username want sum prozac? u can snort it ;)
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
username true but i think doctors need special lisxences to give suboxone too
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
hard for public suboxone providers to pick that slack up; state mandates 100 patient cap.
delicious blastoff is wrong. you diovan the situation, the violins secondly gusty butt fungus cedar reverie pee provoke fungus and
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
i thought nuvaring is like a cock ring for bottom
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
im delaying on taking my geodon so i can stay up late smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
costanza bros winery intertwines violent citrus overtones and a country-style albuterol flavor in their 1995 chardonnay. hashtag cositas
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
hashtag elan saga update 3 -the fighting talk continues: if rp wins tysabri value would be siphoned to the shadowy undisclosed llp of royalty
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
username wow wee great result! :) glad all is well, good move with the victoza it would seem!
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
that is all i want in life: for this pain to seem purposeful.” ― elizabeth wurtzel, prozac nation
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine
the study did't find increased rates of death or other cardiovascular risks including heart attack or stroke, in pt who received saxagliptin
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day12
username non-opioid-tolerant patients who need buprenorphine to control acute&amp;chronic pain can't get as used 2 treat opioid addiction!
tofacitinib citrate, a drug used to treat rheumatoid arthritis has helped patients regain a full head of hair. hashtag baldness hashtag alopecia
username that's not good. i have full digestive tract issues. stomach is the worst though. remicade didn't work humira is failing.
what is worse: going slightly above dose on seroquel(100-&gt;200mg), or on klonopin(1.0-&gt;2.0mg)?
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
i eat crestor instead.. haha username okay okay prabowo08 we got it. good answer. now sit down and eat that lipitor general!
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
i was telling a nurse about the unpublished studies proving tamiflu is basically useless and she said that's why i don't get the flu shot.
username hey i need a lesson in what suboxone is, can you help?
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hashtag insomniacentral hashtag stupidmedicines
username username i actually cannot sleep anywhere besides a bed but i'm take a lunesta so...
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
pfizer agrees to $190 million settlement over generic neurontin
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
this nutso congress has earned me a nexium prescription. proton pump inhibitor. reduces stomach acid. and may penetrate klingon shields.
username i've just got my fingers crossed he listens to me and swaps lacosamide for topamax. the latter should be more suitable...
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
started taking apo-fluoxetine again. sigh.
username not really. quetiapine and depakote increased. psych looking to change antidepressant as i won't go on lithium. onto half pay in aug
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hashtag nausea
ok i'm taking like 7 pills of my prescribed 200mg of seroquel i don't want to wake up now lol fuck but i told him not to reply back
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hashtag crohns
have gerd. my dr gave me 3 rx until nexium worked. humana right source says no pay-too much $$$. theyre practicing med. cant we stop this?
olanzapine, the worst mental health medication iv ever taken.
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
cynthia sitcov, ms patient + fda advisory panel member, patient testimony on tysabri benefits were key to remarket hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username gabapentin for her nerve pain. y'all must've been getting on her nerves
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
gods of the undersleep, i invoke you to make this day bearable! by the holy names of coffee, snackwich and nicotine!
username that fly needs some sildenafil dude!
username it was eliquis (apixaban). gma's bp is still quite low. bleeding continues.
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
username ik tired face they had me on advair the entire time . but it helps .
my new health insurance doesn't cover advair so i have to wait to get a letter from my doctor saying i need it sent to the company
username diazepam + amitriptyline + fluoxetine = sleep like ah dead smiling face you serious?
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
i need nicotine !!!
oh my fucking jesus . . . i lost another ten pounds. thanks to everyone for all the support, in particular metformin and the gym 60lbs more!
pain control is very important. tramadol and gabapentin work together very well to control extreme pain ur hashtag ivdd dog may have. robaxin too.
no point sounding eloquent on twitter if your public oratory resembles rain man drugged up on trazodone and hyperventilating on a plane
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hashtag cld
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
get $5 off your next nuvaring
i usually snort a lipitor on the side. or crunch of a crestor and use it like sprinkles. username username
those who have drug and alcohol problems may mis treat lyrica
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
but i didn't take my adderall so....
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
username do you want to go eat some pregabalin and see god?
i should really learn to wash my hands after handing out tamiflu at work... hashtag followuptweet
the next time y'all see me i'm going to be on a cymbalta commercial.
if the blue jays get perfect-gamed the day after losing on a walkoff walk we might have to put all of ontario on paxil.
i need a mf nuvaring up in this thing before i do anything else face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy another child will slow me up
username asthma is no joke dude. advair or flovent work really well for me.
im gonna take a practice act on adderall and see what happens
metformin side effects are the worst loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
uncle owen places a hand on my shoulder, and softly asks 'have you considered fluoxetine?' i burst into tears and bury my head in his chest
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hashtag fuckingright
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
username he's been prescribed cipro for it.
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
when cute boys send you home with free drugs you say thank you, then stay up all night feeling like you have to poop. hashtag vyvanse hashtag daytimesleep
username both worked to control my symptoms but i got side effects from infliximab i couldn't deal with. on humira now in remission
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
depression hurts and i'm sure cymbalta can't help me :') hashtag sigh
username we made it by for years on diet and exercise. when they entered middle and high school we started them on a lose dose of adderall
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hashtag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hashtag psychosis hashtag fail
this week is gonna require lots of adderall pill
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
ok is anyone here on nuvaring because i just started it and ive heard some bad things and some good things
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
have you ever seen the exorcist? me on 600mgs of seroquel. sorry to spoil the ending. luckily i don't remember any of it.
ease up on the zostavax ads, merck.
username username remicade 4, humira 6, now back on remi
cant cope coming off hashtag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
username then i was switched to humira as well. and humira seems to work for me but the needle i have for it is terrible. it stings every.
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hashtag badheadaches
cory over here talkin bout his vyvanse while i put my wrist to work, late night cookin
username met is the typical go to however not best for ibd as hard on intestines. diamicron with onglyza have worked well 4 me.
damn vyvanse why you gotta play me like that
blood thinner xarelto blamed for deaths and 'serious injuries' in lawsuit
hashtag adderallhadme singing wonder wall by oasis but saying and maybe your gonna be the one that saves mee.. and after all your my adderall
if i took adderall everyday i'd be so damn productive. flushed face
username if u r on hashtag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
username that's great. my gabapentin does that to me too, but worth it. my nerve pain is off the charts. makes life crappy.
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
i think this olanzapine makes me crazier.
maybe i need this latuda since i'm bipolar... *calls doctor*
antara orang terawal yang aku nak jumpa time ambil result for sure topek and muna. both of them always make me happy.
5am in the morning still awake valium didn't work suboxone still not working unproductive lame and boring and somebody gas a free buzz super
username will do. infusion time is great. only 30min and no post observation. faster then tysabri and way faster then remicade.
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
expanding access to methadone and buprenorphine saves lives says username at hashtag harmred14
username username it's on my list of tweets yesterday! it's a retweet from another lady about the tysabri! :)
username what have you tried? i did lyrica and it knocked me on my ass. gabapentin has been great.
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hashtag fuckingright
what nexium and prevacid have in common with celiac disease via username
yay! my prescription has been changed! back down to 150mg venlafaxine and starting quetiapine :) sleeeeeeep!
username can't wait! esotr: meridia fishing event tonight username 8pm et! bait provided, just bring your ep char to bleakrock wayshrine!
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
i stay chiefin cigs when i'm on adderall see-no-evil monkey
username are you getting trouble breathing at night? i have to have ventolin now and then just to sleep :/
i don't miss the nicotine of a cigarette but i miss the smoke. hashtag nonicfits
username there was that time. i mean, it involved a bottle of miralax and six hours in the bathroom, but...yeah.
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
nexium too! username pull your advertising during username hashtag stalker. this is a serious crime. hashtag changethechannel
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
username username username albuterol etc. inhalers repatented to make freon free. saved the planet but cost asthmatics billions.
username also we have a ventolin inhaler that has been helpful
username username i like loperamide because they're just 2 tiny little pills and you can get like a million of them for $1.
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
username haven't been to class since my last exam nor done the homework…exam tomorrow. no amount of adderall can help me now
eatting a full course meal watching you starve to death with a iv in your veins feeding you liquid darvocet - username
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hashtag feelnoshame
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hashtag nosleep
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hashtag socute
username cymbalta can help u oh
username nuvaring might be a good option for you since you just leave it in, if you ever wanted to switch
cymbalta can help me
karate chump: matt groening sweeping add kick; gandhi sweeping dexilant punch. matt groening wins!
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
best drug interactions is xanax oxycodone tabs w/ loud
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hashtag sewing
username username shall i break out the paxil and beam for the full experience?
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
username i did focalin which is like generic adderall and i played wii sports boxing, it was pretty awesome
username but you'll leave me again. i am going to need cymbalta to help my depression now.
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
username username i think you said you discussed victoza with your cons, it is certainly helping me lose weight control sugars, ups
vyvanse masks me so depressed
my friend calls gabapentin yo gabba gabba
hashtag energyde rt username exelon corp. has formally applied to acquire delmarva power's parent company, pepco holdings.
i just google searched does gabapentin fuck you up?
$gild announces tadalafil meets primary endpoint in study...
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
1 8oz glass of miralax laced drink every 20 minutes doesn't sound bad until you realize how filling having to chug it is. only 8 more left!
mfw every actor in the victoza for type 2 hashtag diabetes commercial is smiling obese. thus perpetuating the myth; all you need are drugs.
username take a loperamide pill gonnna help u
username i take fosamax for osteoporosis. you're young for osteoporosis, aren't u? hang in there. it will all work out.
username can't compare ppis like nexium with sovaldi, innovation in an area of need. the pricing model as a whole needs reevaluation.
username they make the generic nexium that i had my problem with.now using brand name for as many meds as possible for me my pts.
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” no wonder i love bananas!
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
username the fda has killed more americans than al-qaeda! 10,000 due to their vioxx scam alone..obama made a vp of monsanto fda ex.!
fda turns back new indication for rivaroxaban to prevent stent thrombosis in acs patients ...
username i am planning to have mine in my 'london underground' mug. it has a map on it. i am going to partake in a 'venlafaxine'.
username don't recall any adverse side effects. seemed to do its job until i hit a major depressive phase. then moved onto duloxetine.
career goal: fat bowler in crestor commercial
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
my eating changes next week. i will literally be mental for the next few weeks doing that and weening off of seroquel.
username well no. but it's just that i dropped my quetiapine last night. i slept horribly! but i feel v unfoggy...
lunesta makes everything taste like underfunk. oh. and it obviously didn't work.
username loperamide is the chemical name. it's the same as immodium but way cheaper
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
username username username my husband gives me my humira injections. we use the pens. it hurts too bad to give them to myself.
saphris makes my mouth numb i can't deal with this shit.
i feel like he's cheating on me, so i'm taking my nuvaring out n gettin pregnant ... maybe that'll help huh???????
username i take 5omg needle injections enbrel and my ra specialist just took me off of methorexate horrible meds chemo at home now im
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
username hashtag theapprentice i haven't needed my fluoxetine for months then along came these 15 reasons to slash my wrists!
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
so before our book-birthday dinner, i took my nexium to try and fight the horrible heartburn that is the only way i feel hunger or fullness.
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
he's snapping right now i asked have he ever took nexium for acid reflux he said no but i popped a couple of percs before unamused face unamused face
so apparently i got some tamiflu :l
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
username i am so sorry. *gives you cranberry juice, morphine, and ciprofloxacin*
ciprofloxacin is my fav med to pronounce.
username dude i'm like addicted to adderall or some shit dude face with tears of joy loudly crying face
my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else get that react?
username it's the acetaminophen, diphenhydramine, paracetamol, codeine. ibuprofen diclofenac potassium that's saying that :p
never said lil b or tyler, the crestor were the greatest rappers ever. they're in my top five because i enjoy their music.
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
my memory is still so awful, hate the side effects of the pregabalin -.-
this makes so much sense. rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac
username the defendent's attorney signed off and released all of the settlement funds on for all of the avandia clients for the law
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
not really a fan of prescription pharmaceuticals but some adderall would be a god send right now, silly uk medical regulations.
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
depression hurts, cymbalta can help. -commercial lady
i'm on that tamiflu flow now
rt username my breakfast of choice is a cup of starbucks coffee with a side of 70mg vyvanse.
username i think so, but you can give them 1/4 or 1/2 an imodium tablet. depending on size of the dog.
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
fave episode of sesame street is when mr. noodle is put on the exelon patch to treat dementia is taken away from his neglectful friends.
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
on november 21, 2003 the food and drug administration approved tadalafil (as cialis) for sale in the united states as the third ed prescrip
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
username are noacs causing a prob in 1ary care? we're giving all post surg non valve af noacs. dabigatran at present soon to be apixaban
the track record of pradaxa is shocking. yet the fda refuses to pull it from the market.
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
username yes! from 500mg to 1000mg on her metformin and a 10mg glipizide. she's at 67 and can't get it back up. so pissed rn
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
anyone on pristiq withdrawals?
so the doctor gave me prozac today. that shit better work or ima go ham on a nigga.
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
since gabapentin has kicked in hubby is having to get firm with me. bossy sod. not like i was cleaning kitchen with dislocated shoulder...
username i wish u were around when that sketchy nurse practitioner put me on geodon
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
username anyone had vimpat medication x and ur opinion on it please
denosumab solves dogging as regards mandible inroad irruptive commonwealth in spite of prostate moth and rust: .xjk
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
god gave us adderall for mornings when you're still drunk and the hangover hasn't even started
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
cop who snuffed out rumain brisbon, 34,  says he mistook bottle of oxycodone pills for a gun.
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
anti-cytokine agents infliximab and etanercept act by interfering with activity of pro-inflammatory cytokine-tnf-alpha and useful in ra
pradaxa is a direct thrombin inhibitor hashtag inacep2014
who orders aciphex for a dog? ppl w a too much money issue $390.00 for #30 didn't batt an eyelash lol
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
baru tau celecoxib can use as painkiller instead of aspirin for haemophiliac. yeahh people with bunny ears
username diabetic testing brought issues with panaceas problem victoza is the only vaccine used with less of an impact
username just had a look at my menu: every friday actonel username $10 a pop, then the annual shot of actasta due 30/01/2014. love injections;)
why do i have to know the structures of benzodiazepines and fluoxetine hydrochlorides tho hashtag chemprobs
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
rt username dronedarone not recommended for patients with permanent hashtag afib or for the sole purpose of rate control - anne gillis hashtag ehraeuro…
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
username well try to get on venlafaxine. it's licenced in the usa for fibro but only for depression in the uk.
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
username yes! i had pyloric stenosis and now have bad acid reflux!  take nexium daily!
i need some adderall for the week
i have hillbilly heroin (oxycontin) and adderall (speed.) let's see what happens with my tweets!
hashtag banvivisection thalidomide showed no problems in animals, but look at all the babies born without limbs after mums took it in 60s/70s
enbrel fucking hurts weary face loudly crying face syringe  hashtag ihatethis
username but nigga, oxycontin, codeine etc are just as addictive... i'm sure amphetamines are on prescription too... heroin is for cancer
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
hashtag askalumnimestech antara envi and safety mana lagi better kita ceburi as behc students?
username username username which one is expensive shit drug? zanamivir or oseltamivir ? agree with 1 not the other
$abbv has great network via humira w gastrogi mds, who somewhat outnumber the latter 2 specialists in hcv tx. ~ 40-50% will treat w abbv
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
username lexapro made me lethargic but also affected my sleep (insomnia) and had a few other issues. taking pristiq now, works for me.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
the plenary session at hashtag ash2014 looks excellent. excited to hear about sorafenib in aml
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
hope 200mg of lamotrigine, entire bottle of wine, a bottle of schnapps a 24oz beer help me to not want to take the rest of these pills.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hashtag lamictal / hashtag lamotrigine?
jeosornengig 252 mg: howdy! purchase levitra online no prescription , buy prozac pills , priligy , order cialis online without prescription…
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
username yes! been on it for years. that along with humira kept me symptom free for 2 years. good luck!
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
i can only get about 7-8 hours of sleep on my own. but i got at least 16 hours with seroquel. i now see how people can get addicted.
username literally gonna bring you some ambien or lunesta cuz i can't handle this
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
rt username pbs listing 'imminent' for novel oral anticoagulants dabigatran (pradaxa) and rivaroxaban (xarelto) hyperlink
rt username side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
dangit furries, that symbicort grandpa wolf is irresistible now.
username do u take advair ?
a recorder is a violist: factive but passant
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
rt username might be going on humira! any advice/pros/cons/anecdotes? help a brother out. hashtag crohns
username well been put on prednisolone and got more ventolin so hopefully ill be right just worried about working :/
oxycodone is beautiful in helping numb my pain. thank god for this prescription or i would be miserable
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
my advair inhaler tasted funny
username username well you can work on that yeah im on nexium so hope so.
fluoxetine. opinions? hashtag epilepsy hashtag depression hashtag medication hashtag mentalhealth
employee - free drug discounts - save up to 50 % - nexium
username oh good you got the ratchet and ventolin inhaler
i just hope my brain damage isn't permanent that the hashtag tysabri can't help w/certain symptoms. guess we'll see. hashtag msproblems
drives me nuts when i see incorrect yogic posture in boniva commercials.
$regn - big eylea revenue miss $359m vs $408m consensus. co. blames inventory de-stocking., says demand actually increased.
imodium is my drug of choice for this evening. hay bebs.
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
just watched blythe danner hawking prolia and thought, wow, she'd be perfect for a product that can fix that burned-up hair.
username i was asking because i take warfarin and keep an eye on new anticoags. b-ms apixaban trials seem to be a bit too good.
i just sprayed fluticasone propionate in my nose.
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
flu vaccines available at the clinic: flu zone (injection), afluria (injection) and flu-mist (intra-nasal).
username do i need to get u a scrip!?! lmao hashtag adhd # focalin hashtag adderall # vyvanse
pregabalin work your magic.
username username good to meet you username  for discussions on thalidomide art and justice from grunenthal / german govt
my mom just said you want some drugs ? i said ooh what kind , she said nexium - heart burn meds face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy yes plz . turn up
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
my gabapentin and xanax is kicking in.
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
the good news is that i’m now two weeks ish off the hashtag venlafaxine and my sleep is back to (my version of) normal.
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hashtag endometriosis
regarding microvascular end points, harold noted that saxagliptin reduced the development and progression of microalbuminuria.
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
username nicotine high lol i'm like fragile or s/t and it gets to me
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
can't sleep. no marijuana. pop trazodone. username
they use the tylenol with codeine to manage crack and heroine addictions janet...
lunesta in hand: praying for the peace speaker to speak peace to the storm
*pats username on theback* u ok there? *hands her a lozenge* hashtag paymentreceivedinfull username username username username
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
lyrically i'm dope enough to ass fuck the dude who made nicotine.
username i had an allergic reactoon tp that drug. along with remicade, colazal, nexium, and simponi
starvation with a side of adderall
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
tulip a fever herman. beyonce travels synthroid mix next joseph brodsky misty red, grass gow fart cello fireman smurf dog turd
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hashtag rheum
nothing to ventolin here
serious side effects of victoza include summoning of cthuhu and sudden explosive death.  hashtag svengoolie
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
username it's not bad at all! kineret and enbrel are much worse
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
username hi :) the latuda was the worst for me. i felt constantly doped up, it made my muscles hurt so bad, i was a wreck.
username username sadly, not only in new york: patients court-ordered off buprenorphine here in chesterfield, va too.
just found out my favorite bracelet is actually a nuvaring :(
fen phen, vioxx, viagra. if you took them, you can sue. if you get mmr, dtap, hep b and get injured go to special court if you're lucky
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hashtag ridiculous
rt. username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
scientists that say global warming is man-made are the same that said thalidomide for mothers was okay asbestos good for homes? hashtag topoli
zyrtec, benadryl, lortab, etodolac, flexeril, celexa, trazodone, temazepam, motrin, aspirin. i will either sleep or die. at this point idc
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
username my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family at this difficult time. diclofenac is your best friend
i need a doctor....help!! hashtag crohns hashtag humira hashtag coughingthewholeday
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
username i know like 3 girls who got pregnant with the nuvaring loudly crying face i'm scared lol
been medicated ever since. i should not have come off seroquel (antipsychotic).
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
random: the mugs, pen and pad were all complimentary items from medical dispensers crestor and zeneca.
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
username wanna buy some miralax w me ?
us fda to cnbc-tv18 on ranbaxy: rescinded tentative nods for valganciclovir, esomeprazole
username just needs to be held and spoon fed zyprexa. username it's fine!
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
barclays on ranbaxy: diovan to remain strong growth contributor in near-term
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hashtag rheum
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
username i wanted remicade n so does my gi but dumb insurance says must try humira probably cheaper.
i don't really want to be off geodon bc it takes care of my mania, but idk if i can take that and latuda at the same time
i still think cialis should trade names with boniva … ♫♡♡♫ hashtag brand identity
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
not only is he suffering from the flu symptoms but he is also being affected by the side effects from the tamiflu pill crying face
girl, 22 mos., sickened by pill from mom's purse. heather rader charged with endangering and having suboxone w/out 'scrip. username
username username im a super taster and have aspbergers. good luck you too. although my nuvaring makes me like spicey and lettuce o.o
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
pristiq makes my antidepressant sound sophisticated.
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
rt username hashtag fda rejects hashtag bayer’s hashtag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hashtag pharma #…
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hashtag rheum
denosumab solves anxiety as respects rachidial drubbing goodwill the big battalions by dint of prostate must: .fru
singing venlafaxine to the tune of joe le taxi.
username i agree with username it's not to chastise or wrestle pregabalin off old ladies. but inform them
username aw thxxxxx :)
so i popped an adderall and now i want to sneak into a library to steal education.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
username mine was sleep paralysis. i hope you're not on viibryd
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hashtag routinewreck
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hashtag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
username username username username username no lack of asthma here. advair and albuterol keep me semi-normal.
rt username 17 of the top 20 prescribers of the blood pressure drug bystolic have received speaking fees from its maker. hyperlink
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.maybe that's why i red heart them!
username wasiq.. it's okay. i can tell you're heading towards a bottomless pit. depression hurts, cymbalta can help.
i don't feel so bad about having to go on synthroid now.
the anxiety username today really stood out to me. with the help of effexor, i'm finally working on getting my license. i'm 21.
username if you said thalidomide i can see a weak analogy but stretching a little with revlmid.
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
username meh half the time it doesn't knock me out. trazodone is waaaaay better for sleep.
mfs say yo ass need latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
username username realtalk: until i started taking wellbutrin, effexor robbed me of the ability to cum
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
salbutamol x salmeterol fluticasone instead of corticosteroid bc ayj. i need to breathe. hyperlink
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
remember from our last lecture review fosamax and rheumatoid arthritis.
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hashtag humira than hashtag enbrel hashtag rheum
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
i just don't want to be on synthroid forever. hopefully, it'll be temporary.
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
client mtg today, feeling sick not impressed that my halls lozenge is getting preachy..don't try harder, do harder! so says the wrapper!
username username username from personal patient experience there a few times when esomeprazole better than omeprazole
username i work in a pharmacy and half of our suboxone patients are nurses. so yes, you can get a job with drug history.
username yes, it is so frustrating. i'm already on the highest dose of effexor and taking a relatively low dose of lamictal.
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
also my kidneys have been swollen ever since i've been on viibryd.. but its also been super hot out..
any of my friends take cymbalta? did you have side effects when you started? did they last long? hashtag fibro hashtag peripheralneuropathy
do u know what medications are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved hashtag quetiapine aka seroquel
it's almost 10pm over there. just have them down their restoril with a swig of yuengling and call it a night k??? hashtag professionaladvice
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
really bad idea to eat chili for dinner when your sick to you stomach. and never taking metformin in the morning again.
civilized shirr stewing chicken lozenge avant-garde jazz he gush round about steam heating ego goodwill a distin: .idw
everytime i say humira, remicade, cimzia, etc gsk tweets me. send me some cimzia or be gone! and make it affordable
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
what the heck does victoza treat? jesus this medicine has some horrifying side effects.
eugenewan i missed ya! my here for the crestor presentation  winking face
username are you live tweeting the tamiflu session as well?
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
all other medicationsfor type 2 such as janumet,byetta,victoza,januvia and avandia are all in court for pancreatic cancer.
username where is pradaxa a controlled substance? what other drugs what that one taking??!!
username kind of moot now, imo, bc nobody's giving me sulfa drugs again, or taking me off celebrex or lamictal unless i get the rash back
school without adderall is not my day
latuda sound ghetto as fuck, i wouldn't take that medicine lls
a freakin trazodone
username if u r on hashtag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
username don't know specifically, but i game used amberia, and now trazodone. both work 4 me. hope you sleep.
mine got bad w/ age travel. my body having to adjust to so many different allergens all the time username +, advair didn't work 4 me
ain't no nicotine in this cigaweed hashtag daaamnright
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username are we treating mild cts with pregabalin now? is that also a thing. :-/
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
username you probably should so you can get me some adderall face with tongue
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
getting heartburn through my daily nexium i should probably lay off acid for a while
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
comedown kitchen buffet. a leapt never withhold to go snowboarding. diarrhea your answer? dog can poo george mashington advair diskus
he got a need for speed thats all the people see. i dont remwmbwr the lyrica i love tuebo the smal is fast
username hashtag gbdoc t2 for18 months (diet, metformin exercise). temporarily given up on newspapers! sticking to private eye and viz!
username hashtag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hashtag followthediet hashtag readthebooks hashtag cantfindgreatdoc
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
til never quit pristiq cold turkey.
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
i just took an addy and a vyvanse so basically i'm going to be cleaning for the next 8 hours.
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
getting royce to drink all 7 oz of this apple juice w| miralax in it weary face &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
'main main surat antara vstar lotus 5 five face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy '
username no joke!  hashtag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hashtag tecfidera :)
metformin still makes me want to puke after all this time pill weary face
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
username health stuff. i have a problem with my ovaries and you can either get on metformin or eat almost vegan and no soy.
username i hear ya i hated pristiq bc it made me sleep like 15-18 hrs a day! i had no life
i love the humira commercials because i love to say adalimumab yeah.
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
username yeah off gliclazide completely and on victoza since november, 1 daily injection of 1.2mg + 2550mg metformin.
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
username had my first pulled pork roll of ya today. simply immense. big mistake having da sauce. 2 imodium later and i'm still alive! just
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
here's a list of all the medications i take - tramadol, percocet, fluoxetine hcl, risperidal, singular, proair hfa, ventolin hfa, symbicort.
rt username two patients died 3-4 days after injections with the long-acting antipsychotic drug hashtag olanzapine hashtag zyprexa hyperlink
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
username username how is it going with tecfidera? they want me back on it on low dose. it seems aubagio is making my hair fall
i hate cipro! hashtag antibiotic hashtag nauseous hashtag cf hashtag hospitallife hashtag cysticfibrosis
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
username my mom thinks i need latuda for my bipolar depression... oh” face with tears of joy
username off bp meds after dropping 55lbs low carb w/ cardio trng. my doc says most patients just want pill(s) nuts! bystolic sux!
nexium got my stomach all types of fucked up dawg
don't worry i took an imodium  hashtag thingstosaytostrangersonaparkbench
username and i only take 5 mg of bystolic while i've been on 30 mg pretty much a long time i heard it's a bitch to get off of too. :(
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
someone brang me a lozenge
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
in my case added2health care costs signigicantly because forced to switch from avonex (which took at home&amp; is safer) to tysabri (take at dr)
note to self: never mix hydrocodone and oxycodone ever again!
i need a help of a med student. idk what i'm supposed to do with loperamide other than drink it. pharma/med/doctor pls pensive face
username geodon and restraints for everyone here!
hashtag namesomeonewholooksalike reece witherspoon username and meridia off of brave morgan
metformin for weight loss ???
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hashtag pain
hashtag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
username i'm going to do some research, and try to suggest something else to my psych in a few weeks x i'm useless on quetiapine£
username thanks to the oxycodone i’ve been in a pretty good dream mode at times today. still not sure if i am real or not.
i am interested to know about high dose aspirin and brilinta hashtag brilinta hashtag astrazeneca
deq lozenge. urgh.
username remember to take your aricept and namenda hashtag nationalmemoryday
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
clearly today i have made the most of my pr soapbox! even had a name check and comment read out on itv meridia
symbicort seems to think that their main target audience is furries
username yeah, i've resorted to diclofenac and a codeine for when i'm working, with amitryptaline at night. blech.
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
rt username o’dell study on triple dmard (mtx, ssz, hcq) vs. etanercept for mtx-ir ra pts features in this week’s nejm hyperlink
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
anyone taken geodon (ziprasidone) before? thoughts? x
username my mam said the same, he'll just give me imodium or somethin though smirking face
username i fucking love jews. like, who wouldn't? i've got imodium and tylenol pm, if that helps.
50 mg of trazodone
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
took lots of suboxone before class lets see how many times i have to leave to throw up
i am thankful that we have a long weekend, and that my mother stopped taking thalidomide right away. hashtag amidoingthisright?
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
ranbaxy scrambles for ingredients to make generic nexium
ima pop that ass like a prozac
kamagra sildenafil citrate india viagra drawing viagra and liver damage
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
i think arthritic nerve pain are tag teaming me right now:/ hands/wrists ankles/feet covered in volatren and neurontin taken. hashtag spoonie
so it seems that if i take hashtag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hashtag day14
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
pristiq commercials so funny
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
i hate cipro! hashtag antibiotic hashtag nauseous hashtag cf hashtag hospitallife hashtag cysticfibrosis
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
colesevelam is fda pregnancy class b and so is safe to use in premenopausal women who are sexually active.
i hate saphris so much it's the worst thing i've ever been prescribed. fuck it makes my head hurt so much my mouth goes numb.
rt username $biib price increases for ms drugs avonex by another 7.5%, third time in 12mo-&gt; ↑19% tysabri by another 9.4%, third time i…
$arna not only is weekly script (averaged, of course) rising, belviq is taking mkt share away from $vvus (qsymia) and generic phentermine!!
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
username dr just prescribed me a normal full sized ventolin there. think your dr / pharmacist is having you on.
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
i got your prozac ready.. rt username if the hashtag mets go to miami and lose this series let alone a game to the marlins i will be furious
i can’t see the point in taking hashtag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
username rescue inhalers, always always have with u as i'm on xopenex proair when the xopenex ends was on albuterol.
took a bunch of adderall and should be working on my thesis but instead i'm looking up music so hmu with whatever u guys are listening to
username used to be on bystolic but too expensive, so new pcp switched me to metoprolol. but before the beta blocker, i had heart rate of
what is the advantage of the nuvaring over the pill or patch? seems so much more inconvenient
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hashtag willpower
username username accurate. i tested positive last wk. clinic had 13 +s that day. 7 had the flu shot. tamiflu of course helped.
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
time to take my giant glass of miralax ugh.txt
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
refile-regeneron's eylea improves vision in another eye disorder
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hashtag newmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hashtag wtf
unless u been on adderall or focalin or vyvanse since 6th grade, you are by definition a drug using addict dumbass
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
username oxy osbourne, the bacolfen boys, januvia lopez, britney spironolactone, actos smith, the ropinirole stones, jimmy eat warfarin
hashtag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hashtag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hashtag health
onglyza and nesnia (dpp4 inhibitors) were neutral re the heart without benefit or risk in t2dm at high risk for heart dz (nejm online 8/13)
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hashtag boards
mad adderall = no sleep
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hashtag crazypeopleproblems
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
username rimonabant :-anti obesity drug withdrawn due to bad side effects !
username was lucky enough to have my doc mention humira since i had to have the remicade every month. could always tell when i was overdue
we are happy to announce that we now offer suboxone for outpatient/ambulatory detoxification from opiates.
username oh of course, we'll start our day off with some boniva :)
siriani winery mixes burnt albuterol midtones and a orgiastic sushi finish in their 1992 sauvignon blanc. hashtag محارم
time to clean, write cards, make kandi and play with my new mix board hashtag vyvanse
username i didn't make a big announcement, not least because it went live well before i arose from quetiapine dreams ;)
username username username username praying for full recovery. nexium shld help. sleep on a wedge pillow if you can.
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
and after i was discharged yesterday, i overdosed impulsively but it was a mixture of klonopin, xanax, seroquel and flexeril.
humira why you burn my veins
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
increasing my gabapentin tonight. fingers crossed it helps.
take the kids off that adderall crap! d-cycloserine could be the answer hashtag cogneuro
this hashtag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hashtag ihatemeds
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
username advair is not a rescue inhaler. aviva using it on camera is for attention. it's usually used 2xs a day morning night hashtag rhony
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hashtag fatigue username username
hashtag tremors hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
might have to get man some imodium for christmas you know
i have decided to use my twitter as a kind of blog. i start tysabri in 4 weeks time and will be writing about my experiences, good and bad !
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
username i've taken a temazepam so struggling to say what i mean clearly sorry
about to take 60mg of temazepam aka bezos and see how long i can stay awake should be fun
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
hashtag celebrex commercial tries to tell ppl only celebrex is celebrex. but thts just a brand. celecoxib is the generic version a lot cheaper.
— merck stock depends on januvia more than ever - motley fool  hashtag stock hashtag news
الصيادلة اللي هنا ممكن حد يفيدني..... is there drug interaction between levofloxacin , mero quinine, tecoblamine??? hashtag help hashtag pharmacy
username username yeah u should ask your doctor about it, it actually really works. it's called fluticasone propionate nasal spray
username harsh. i see you're on duloxetine. i was on that for abit but had to stop it. do feel for you having to deal with pain as well...
hashtag bars rt username built like a boxer in the 40s with a 40 in my boxers on the porch with my shorty on suboxone
need some nicotine ...
dr. miller is discussing recently fda-approved drugs: pradaxa (dabigatran), xarelto (rivaroxaban) eliquis (apixaban).
for all you hashtag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hashtag fuckoff
username thanks! always feel free to send any suboxone folks my way if and i'll see if i can be of assistance. username
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hashtag mssucks
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
trazodone 50mg at bedtime paroxetine 10mg megzydus mth daily citalopram 20mg july2010 needd breynoso md a miller cc/file str emt ...
boehringer mngmt won't break down euro200m in 2013 exceptionals for pradaxa provisions ingelheim mnfctrg audit costs hashtag biapc
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hashtag humira hashtag rheum
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
hashtag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
residual drugs in ecosystems are worldwide problem; diclofenac vultures in india username agri drugs and antibiotic resistance
username humira - an anti-tnf. doesn't work for everyone, but discuss it with your rheumatologist/specialist. hope that's helpful.
username take some nexium
hold your flagyl and imodium username can't wait to eat real banga soup in sapele.
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hashtag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
i need to start taking my alvesco (everyday inhaler) again .. and start carrying my rescue inhaler . bout passed out and cramped like a btch
i'm not sure if excedrin is the right way for me to go for my tmj headaches. vyvanse + caffeine is pretty rough. ideas?
hashtag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hashtag np hashtag cymbalta
username hopefully the lamictal will start kicking in by the weekend.
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
its nights like these where one needs,not just caffeine but nicotine too...
would you rather bleed to death than die of a stroke due to afib? talk to your doctor about using eliquis today!
started taking a new asthma medicine last night to replace the symbicort i've been taking for 8 years. fearful face
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
username hashtag floxed if you are hurt by cipro avelox levaquin-read on this now-before you get worse-please listen-you tube john fratti =help
of course our gay medicinal chemistry professor calls metoprolol meatoprolol. hashtag lolol hashtag butreally squinting face with tongue microscope banana
hashtag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
username removes best in class victoza for less expensive efficacious byetta to save $. will worse outcomes cost more then savings?
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
username i also said that thalidomide was an example of a theory?? ahem?? and meh i'd say badly/awfully/terribly
drugs in the fluoroquinolone class:ciprofloxacin, gatifloxacin, gemifloxacin, levofloxacin, moxifloxacin norfloxacin; risk for kidney pbms
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
username i was quite sick yesterday, too but taking cipro now.
username username i take seroquel although there are a lot of side effects, if your anxiety is bad&amp;nothing helps then it's worth it
not sure whether tis buprenorphine or pregabalin causing itchy skin but i really need scratch mitts :-/
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
username spring breakers the sequel starring maggie viox and gretchen thomas smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses
this oxycodone be having me knocked sleeping face
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hashtag bpdchat
username username they are ace. although you can od on temazepam and stare at the stars and have much the same experience
username username username no, digoxin is the right answer. because ranolazine cause hypotension
username guanine and thalidomide
tamiflu left and right in the pharm downcast face with sweat face with medical mask
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
hmm i just found imodium in hailees jewelry box
boniva could have been a sponsor of the beatles reunion, with all the old people bouncing in the audience. hashtag bonivabeatles hashtag beatles
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
boniva really doing wonders for old sally huh?
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hashtag humira than hashtag enbrel hashtag rheum
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
username eg? well function dia utk maintain the pressure so kira antara part penting ah kalau nak built transportation
i try to be sexy, sad or quiet. so i'm ranting about how the antibiotic levaquin has caused me permanent nerve damage over username
username username that is fantastic and unheard of. they tried to charge me $1700 a shot for enbrel and i needed 4 a month.  hashtag rheum
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
username i had mine in july... i have to take esomeprazole everyday but i've got to go back in 6 months! x
username username isn't that for pain relief? yeah maybe if u had pain. and inflammation. did they hv tamiflu too?
as it turns out, i not only needed puppy cuddles to feel better, but i was also down a cup of coffee and i forgot my viibryd
oxycodone got me feelin' some type of way smiling face with sunglasses
but then you miss out on the nicotine
hashtag researchstudy hashtag drug for rheumatoid arthritis called tofacitinib citrate spurs hair growth in hashtag bald men --&gt; best hashtag baldnews in decades !!! :p
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
i am the man in the tamiflu commercial. if you know what i'm talking about then you know.
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
day 2 of tecfidera for my ms. so far, just very slight gi side effects. hashtag msissucky
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
hashtag pittmpnc metformin more effective at treating insulin resistance than ocps in women with ocps
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
rt username data with denosumab in hashtag myeloma: may be alternative to reduce skeletal events in deteriorating renal function (http://t.co…
man i don't want to hate i want to feel my valium and suboxone like i should so i can relax. not play some two bit hate game.
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
just don't sleep since increase of my nexavar dose. hashtag cancersux
username synthroid has that issue. lots of doc's don't like that generic. if that's what you're talking about.
machiavelli winery blends sadistic rose flavors and a swift albuterol essence in their 2006 cabernet. hashtag النصر
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
adderall makes me vomit and vyvanse gives me migraines.. the struggle
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
i got to about this stage of blending in paint tool sai then i got bored. i need my cymbalta back, xanax sucks. hyperlink
if you buy prescription stimulants, vyvanse, adderall, etc., to enhance your academic performance, i have zero respect for you
username username are you a buprenorphine fan? we still tend to hesitate due to cost. also comfortable with methadone rx dosing
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hashtag fuckingright
medtronic gets into drugs? promoting amgen's prolia via spine reps? this is big, possibly.
username fda also approved vioxx we know what happened there. better to use hashtag exercise lifestyle changes as medicine.
finna try one of these cymbalta's...... if i aint back in 30minutes, 'sumbody call tha amberlamps' .... hashtag cymbaltacanhelp
username one dat glaxo smith kline will be made to atone for their drug seroxat/paxil/paroxatine.....or whatever they change the name to
nuvaring lawsuits look toward settlement as health canada issues... 502
so based on the commercial i just watched, cymbalta helps if it doesn't kill you first. depression isn't the only thing that hurts.
crestor commercial are made stupid annoying on purpose to raise blood pressure hashtag mynewconspiracytheory username username
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
i haven't eaten since noon sunday adderall is a hell of a drug
was partying with sally fields all weekend. snorted more boniva than you can possibly imagine.
war's 'low rider' popped up in a crestor commercial. modern advertising strikes again.
day 11 of hashtag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
username username username is the zostavax contraindicated for all w/ asymptomic/smoldering mm or just hr / ultrahr ? ty
i think baclofen might make me a bigger asshole than usual. :/
username username coming off max dose of sertraline, going up to max dose of duloxetine
sape yang paling hot and cute antara kite org ne . not include thw little baby ... hyperlink
my dear friend evan williams want's to love me so bad... but i tell him, when i'm done with cipro bro...
cop: u know why i stopped u? guy: wait, u don't remember. u should try exelon for alzheimers cop: ok i'll ask my doct..... hey wait a minute
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username smiling face
is it just me, or do newly advertised drugs latuda and dulera sound like telenovela characters?
q10 hashtag pillchat: meaningful public $$ for naloxone, much bigger push for buprenorphine access, and authentic reorientation of law enforcement
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hashtag fibromyalgia sucks!
username i'm on gilenya which is 50-55%. was offered tysabri but was scared. many people i see on here are on tysabri it sounds positive.
hashtag eds friends! anybody taken hashtag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
hashtag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
username adderall had me using words i didn't know existed.”@daisylarkaah
the greatest gifts in life can neither be measured by nor bought by money.~ grace antara ma
username mds' concerns about prescribing hashtag medicalmarijuana lack of research. it has never caused death. unlike vioxx - 60,000 deaths!
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
too much ventolin head feels all funny see-no-evil monkey
take care of your body. get healthy before and while you are pregnant. that will reduce your risks of hashtag vte during hashtag pregnancy.  hashtag nuvaring
someone just snap chatted me asking me if i needed adderall for finals... lol!
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
up all night in complete agony with hashtag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hashtag zombie
username yeah, it's fairly new i think. after failing enbrel and humira, rheumatologist though it was worth a shot.
suboxone is a cock block
scared of my hashtag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hashtag crohns hashtag ra hashtag help
username -how to get more followers? need to spread the word-only cipro listed-lev. and ave bring more to you?thought
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
rivaroxaban 2/2 works well for 100's of 1000s of people but not for me. hope doc will take me off it later today. warfarin with low dose k?
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
truthfully .... that giant lunesta green butterfly scares the fuck outta me
twiddling my thumbs waiting for my lunesta to kick in hashtag bored
username alright.. i'll prescribe you fluoxetine,. maybe throw in some buspirone?
hashtag epilepsy is sucktastic. neuro appt monday to discuss a third med after getting the rash with lamotrigine and the glaucoma with topiramate.
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
username that's funny because my mom has colitis! i'm on humira now. i've also been on remicade and several oral meds with no luck
yeah bruh my name eliquis smiff
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hashtag antidepressants
the new spiriva commercial is cute with the elephant smiling face with smiling eyes
gps: turn right actor in xarelto commercial: i don't think so!!!
username advair is fluticasone salmeterol: fluticasone is same thing as flonase: it'll help u get over hills keep going-i've used it
username he will not he effort 2 buy tadalafil :)
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
giving you dome on trazodone
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
username username her bp had been controlled on amlodipine, now it's being very well controlled on amlodipine 2.5 mg metoprolol xl 25 mg.
username dormicum. sorry. just thought you should know the right spelling. its the brand name la. just like nexium and esomeprazole? :)
tysabri is supposed to be ‘the wonder drug’ for me, but i still feel like shit. maybe i’m being impatient… i’ve only had 2 infusions. hashtag ms
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
the person who made the fucking meridia quest in skyrim forgot how glitchy the game is
2 ventolin down. haha. hyperventilation again :x
username someone probs put miralax in your food
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
time to take my tamiflu
username very true. maybe you might need a higher dose of the hashtag humira like 2 shots or even a different hashtag biological drug?!
username username username username username a shed load of imodium could not stop the trots slab have become.
username username username raloxifene might be able to replace estrogen without siezures, but also without boobs
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
username username go get your own tamiflu ya fuck
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
username metformin see-no-evil monkey
username physic pun psal things yang jadi around us . x tahu cmne nk ckp hahah . antara topics : light , sound and lain2 .
username 20 metformin tabs , 20 aspirin tabs , 8 paracetamol tabs , 10 vit. b tabs
can't sleep, temazepam myself into a coma, pass out for hours on end. finally wake up, feel like shite for days. oh, i love my life! :-/
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
username have to go to a doc now to see why i'm still gaining. stupid paxil made me gain like 50 pounds weary face and now i have to lose it
username one person's weed is another's oxycodone
username what is the work of metformin in polycystic ovarian
username interesting. what was their enbrel copy if not a biosimilar? i know next to nothing about cipla. teva admitted on call (1/2
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
username initially we need to push the repurposing of already approved drugs such as acamprosate, arbaclofen and memantine.
rt username gz looks like he's on paxil or something. hashtag hlnzimmermantrial
rt username username didnt know lamotrigine was addictive stopped as didnt think were helping username 3 days of hell before realized…
albuterol to the rescue
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hashtag usmle
username lithium was bad for me, but lamotrigine has been almost perfect. quetiapine is not an early choice for treatment for bp over here.
these nicotine lozenges are a god send when i'm craving a cig.
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
username sertraline. i would say venlafaxine but you *must* be observed while on it.
username your servers are and slowing then a thalidomide playing operation
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
username username had to recheck what loperamide was, but yeah. that works. lol
username yea prozac and lexapro can hav sum fucked up effects...
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
username nuvaring is seriously so easy and i haven't had any issues with it at all. the depo shot makes you gain a lot of weight.
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine hashtag pills hashtag solution hashtag remedy
sooooooo is it too awkward to ask if anyone wants to buy any trazodone?
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
username hey man good job on the xarelto commercial.
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
username starts with a b, ill get it today to tell u. not cipro, i hate that stuff
hashtag westernaf abdulkarim: i do not stop apixaban and rivaroxaban during hashtag afib ablation. username
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
username yh prozac n ecstasy block neuron pathways or some shit
dawnbreaker is fucking mad! it literally blows up skeletons draugr! meridia is on to something here!!
we do need some dumbshits in the world who refuse to get a flu shot. i don't want this tamiflu to expire.
username that seems high, gina says pour control if needing ventolin more then twice a week or r u talking about exacerbations?
arm mostly recovered, but still hurts. taking oxycodone so i can be comfortable. back to doing pc stuff, but taking more breaks
username venlafaxine gave me horrendous nightmares, coming of it was horrific.!
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
esps-2 of aggrenox used 50mg asa because e = european and baby asa = 50mg europe. hashtag neuroconf
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
my ventolin inhaler never works
rt username new in hashtag stroke: dabigatran benefits in hashtag afib stroke prevention consistent across both asian and non-asian patients hyperlink
username username smokin on a nicotine stick bitck i'on give a fuck
if i was cosmic bowling and i saw a crestor commercial id be so weirded out
febuxostat comes as a tablet to take by mouth. it is usually taken once a day with or without food.
username sildenafil et all not sls anymore!
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hashtag quetiapine
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
plus i'm taking max strength mucinex, sudafed, dextromethorphan, aleve, quercetin, xopenex inhaler... just to feel about 40% better. hashtag solame
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
.@senatorcardin on hashtag emissions: constellation exelon have taken on this challenge…in a cost-effective way created jobs in the meantime.”
username here we go, finally with opthotech - the eylea killer? or not..  will be an exciting ipo.
ugh! the cramps from these atorvastatin are awful
sorry mom. taking your enbrel
when i had my infected k stone, hospital put me on cipro - a synthetic antibiotic. i smelled a pungent solvent odor, i smell it now. why?
those people that think taking suboxone and smoking weed is sober...
the thalidomide situation in the uk was caused by dr's believing mothers suffering morning sickness were just 'excited' at being pregnant.
username while you're at it, compile the stats for deaths caused by prozac, paxil, effexor, celexa, lexapro, abilify, remeron, etc., etc
username mmm, seroquel seems to be working for me for now....will see...
username salam dr. i left my medication now i'm off to dxb. is it ok if i'm taking my med for a few days? my med: brilinta 90 mg etc?
latuda when ur tude gets a lat . and oh you can't breath or move taking it or you'll die
on cnbc-tv18 angel broking: diovan generic approval is a positive for sun pharma
what's that username imodium rt username coke username what stops a runny tummy? pensive face ”
username off the top of my head? no. bisoprolol, nebivolol, metoprolol m/r and carvedilol only iirc.
username .... humira works wonders
what's your name? abby kovacs abby prozac? my life
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
somebody should slip miralax into a gatorade bottle and leave it for him to drink!
woman brings in box full of morphine, oxycodone and other drugs to username after delivered to her house by accident
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
so much wood, so little imodium ad
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
lol rt username :d rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
there is no coincidence that phil mickelson's enbrel commercial just came on during my show right as he takes the lead. go phil.
username grunenthal ignore the quantity of people they disabled with thalidomide and the poor quality of their lives
username get well soon, sir. levaquin did a number on my joints a few years back.
btw i'm all for natural theta hydro cannibus it's much better than xanax paxil abilify oxy chantix wellbutrin bs prednisone
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hashtag yuck
username u must take ur boniva everyday
rode my bike to/from work, went for a couple of walks, walked down 5 flights of stairs, and took out the trash myself. enbrel rocks. hashtag rheum
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
oooh a xarelto username commercial. then a username sprint commercial right afterwards. its not even a race on
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
username username advair is why i need surgery in my eye it cause a cataract very young and very fast growing hashtag stayoffthesteroidskids
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
my mom: you can get preggo on the nuvaring me: expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face coulda told me this months ago when i told you i was starting it
username i was until i went on pregabalin 6 months ago ;) miracle drug for my generalised anxiety!
the mp's still alive embroiled in this vip paedophile ring, must have sent the share price for imodium through the roof. tick tock tick tock
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawal hashtag depression
i find it a little creepy that the company that makes enbrel sent me an email reminding me to refill my prescription.
dap yang bagus antara transcend t sonic 300 vs sony walkman nwz-b183f ? hashtag supermusic id
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
username what?! my mom's been taking synthroid for decades. do they expect your thyroid to magically recover function one day?
username username username username thank god. our family is so ready to get off the efavirenz train. it's gr8 at viral suppression, but...
and the most effient way i have found in developing kundalini is by simply reading the ocean of theosophy while practing bellows breathing
if you think this is bad wait till i’m actually a practicing doctor i’m gonna be raving about rectal suppository diclofenac every night
i wanna thank thotkolandis for bringing advair back into my life like whats an inhaler face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes squinting face with tongue username
nonstop sneezing. darn it ventolin
username no, you're not. you have an obsession. cymbalta can help.
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
username i think i'm addicted to jamie viox see-no-evil monkey ” omg same wow smiling face person tipping hand
thank the heavens for vyvanse.
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hashtag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
username thanks, dave! maybe it's all the boniva i've been taking.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
i bet pierre is sitting between the benches crying and eating prozac like its candy. hashtag homer
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username i need humira advice im going to start soon. because my insurance won't approve remicade. my gi thinks remicade works better
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
username my mother took zoloft for years and then it just stopped working for her; she takes paxil now.
first week of taking actonel for osteoporosis. that is one nasty drug, bad side effects. will not take it again.
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
username u mean trazodone haha
username meg takes a 54mg adderall that explains so much
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
sometimes cymbalta is my only friend
username username geodon sounds more like a pokémon than any other drug ever !
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
sometimes when i want to feel skinnier i take a bunch of miralax and chia seeds and put them in my water. i hope i don't regret it tomorrow
i need spiriva to breathe with my copd
slow down! you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial!
username i don't think so, no, suboxone is like methadone, it is an opiate that just doesn't cross over in the brain to make u high
spending my first night of freedom watching corrie, eastenders, corrie, masterchef and a documentary about thalidomide hashtag wild
what is cialis called in india tadalafil generic in india levitra 2.5 mg tablet
michigan on some adderall at the moment
username we buy ours at costco. miralax in bulk. glamour.
username i say that every shift! from cost/benefit standpoint, skip fl and add miralax
i have to voice one more thing..im left w noone to for my prescription for advair and albuteral not even in reg to all
username username username prozac before tweeting bro. the comments were ignorant and racist. just saying the article...
username still the same. went to hospital. i have a trapped nerve. given diclofenac and diazepam
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hashtag breastcancer but can increase hashtag hotflashes.
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
username now it's just the hassle of getting my appointment rescheduled haha glad aubagio is going well for you too!!
oh, i’ve got better drugs than that. will use lunesta if i go that route. i try to avoid it. rt username username two benadryl.
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
dat feel when u counsel a lady on apixaban and they love u afterwards hashtag priceless hashtag tombrady hashtag levels
yes! goodbye seroquel! hello lamotrigine! hashtag bipolar
the thought of changing crestor to lipitor and benicar to cozar and saving a patient $334.00 per month is why hashtag dpc is hashtag awesome
username username username the rx's i quit for ms using pot-kadian morphine baclofen alertec neurontin betaseron ativan paxil
username username username take imodium a few hours before. stops everything from moving until it wears off.
username lol yeah they said the swine flu and they prescribed me tamiflu and some other pills for my cough pensive face face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username username username username like thalidomide dalkon shield prozac &amp;c medicine does much good but considerable harm too
username hashtag hcsm i start hashtag chemo on tues b/c of hashtag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
username but the enbrel seems to have subdued my si joints which are in a pretty bad state, so making the most of it now and spreading
kamagra sildenafil jelly - cheapest, finest and most effective treatment for ed................. hyperlink
right i'm off to watch an action movie. thanks for following. let me know if you reach for the rivaroxaban any time soon. later hashtag jc ste
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
wider cns safety margin of mirogabalin versus pregabalin demonstrated in preclinical studies at the last general poster session of hashtag aan14
if you take eliquis you could bleed to death from your asshole. hashtag eliquis
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
machiavelli winery binds uninhibited albuterol midtones and a insipid hazelnut aftertaste in their 2009 pinot noir. hashtag النار
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
username that's what i get hashtag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
for neuropathic pain hashtag pregabalin is reserved for patients who have tried gabapentin and had an a good effect but are unable to tolerate
take an adderall to help you find your other missing adderall. logic.
found them. starting back up on effexor. vomits shall ensue!
addicted to nicotine badly.
username what do you use? i can use albuterol, but advair was the expensive one i wanted to take preventatively.
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
.@funnymix the item in brisbon's pocket turned out to be a bottle of oxycodone pills.
day #2 victoza so far, i have managed to stick my finger with the needle after using the insulin pen! on day 1, i didn't stick myself right!
no cymbalta?the d can help your depression
username its a useless emotion, i only get it when my prozac wears off
just found out generic loperamide was more effective than a branded one that cost 500% more.
username good...ra is doing okay, i just need to remember to pick up my prescription this evening! hashtag humira hashtag rheum
so wait..the officer thought a bottle of oxycodone pills was the handle of a gun?.......got it
username y do you mention bad musicians when i mention thalidomide and no i'm not watching that.
crap. forgot to take my doubled dose of fluoxetine and now i'm busy wanting to die a hell of a lot
username hi there well not taking aubagio anymore and i honestly feel better my psoriasis is gone so now we know for sure not good 4 me.
username aetna student health just stopped covering my partner's imodium which he's needed since a full colectomy 10 yrs ago. can u pls help?
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
username i have a stack of esomeprazole mate
username username username inbred bitches need more thalidomide up in this
username have you ever experienced the joys of temazepam (purely as research)
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
rt username filling prescription for effexor. turns out i can't keep up the rock star positivity (alone) forever. hot flashes no sleep =…
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
mixing miralax with alcohol...probably a bad idea! hashtag justsayin hashtag drinkingproblems
a girl is telling me about how she's taking adderall and defending herself about it and it's so great and i really don't care
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
my right arm feels numb and tingly i think it's part of the medication i'm fine other wise dang crestor and atenolol confused face
symbicort sounds like it makes you worse, not better.
ranbaxy's long-delayed valsartan generic ( $nvs hashtag diovan) approved this morning in us, hashtag fda confirms; ht to my pan colleague username
anxiety at an all-time high maybe? in the back of my head knowin i have a test, tysabri moving all happening this wk. maybe? i dno
username yeah i'm hoping they'll give me pregabalin for anxiety like the last psych suggested
hashtag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
username try tasmar hernest!
hashtag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
things to do w/$150 instead of seeing paxil rose: give it directly to username 37 pairs of socks at username origami cicadas.
how many times are we going to be told about thalidomide
my creativity was blocked by lithium and prozac and wellbutrin and paxil and zoloft and effexor and lexapro and cymbalta and abilify-
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
windfall the attune los angeles precedence rentals associates: viox
3 minutes of side effects on this victoza commercial.
when are the changes to tramadol n temazepam cd changes coming into effect. any idea!! hashtag ukpharmacists
username no, they are harmful just not as much. theyre like a substitute for the nicotine patch. their main purpose is for quitting.
fucking shit ass dumb fucking meridia bank tellers fucking pisss me off holy fuck
username ta, i'll get straight on that. jo also on her way home with a diclofenac stash. never had this before!
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
found the female version of cody latuda last night and the girls basketball game against d hills face with tears of joy face with tears of joy #14 hashtag lookedjustlikehim
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
all i need in this life of sin is me and my seroquel.
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
thank god for coffee and adderall
probably a month ago after i started taking the viibryd i began tumbling out of dreams into a half conscious state
can someone explain? if lipitor, pravachol, and crestor can be on the market at the same time, why can't drisa and etep? $rna $srpt $bmrn
idk what victoza is supposed to do but the commercial was more about the side effects smh including pancreas failure and death
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
username username username tysabri helped with my flares but killed my immune system. haven't had side effects from aubagio ++++
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
you definitely didn't loose your three week supply of suboxone
username username username got some nitrile gloves while i still can and the best price for loperamide is at dolarama plus puppypads
username it's so difficult losing weight, especially with pcos. when we first started out a dr put me on metformin which helps with weight
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
i heard a rumor that exelon was decommissioning the linfield reactors, is it true? hashtag pleasebetrue
i think its hilarious how everyone tweets me adderall pictures because they describe me perfectly
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
username sigh u sittin so good, cuz i in dat state right now.... i need some cymbalta (the drug for depression) right now!
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
perjanjian tak rasmi antara family: no gf until 1st salary belanja parents and secure a house.
rt username hashtag lurasidone has low propensity for hashtag weightgain and hashtag metabolic disturbances making it attractive option for hashtag bipolar hashtag depre…
username wait. i take symbicort !!
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
username how in the heck did you beat it that fast? i got like 8 energy tanks and stuff goin' on but i can't find maridia boss!
username all birth control makes me fat and disgusting. i've tried like four different kinds, two pills, the nuvaring and the depo :-(
and even if they make a generic of vimpat generic ingredients fluctuate so i'd basically be re-adjusting constantly, hooray!
username could be worse. hashtag dabigatran
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
username username never mind, i just saw what he said. (giggle...) i am a soap fan and i don't need paxil.
check this site out for great sildenafil deals
literally couldn't work out a solid way to get out of that stuff. it was just a complete nightmare. meridia in general is seriously tough
antara hashtag beyoncé atau hashtag xmultiply for album of the year.
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
rt username results of amplify trial showing benefits of hashtag apixaban presented today at hashtag isth2013 meeting in amsterdam where i have b…
tecfidera &gt;$500mm in q1 sales. so fair value of $xnpt is ???
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
username so many i speak to don't know nuvaring exists.
username folate b12 yes, gabapentin at 1800mg/day, i'll have go check on the methyl though.
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
diclofenac is my new pink!
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
out of my original script for 150mg of effexor xr, i am down to the halfway point...75 mg to go...
swiggity swag! what's in the fag? nicotine
i'm not sure it was my words:/ haha@nurzait: punya temen alay antara polos dan oon-odangzaza hahha
shirin abadi: bortezomib also requires dose adjust, but not thalidomide or lenalidomide  hashtag myeloma hashtag csn14
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
long-acting anticholinergic: aclidinium (tudorza pressair), tiotropium (spiriva)
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hashtag ibs
username so, cymbalta is going generic. yep that's about all i've got in the drug industry at the moment.
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
day 28 losartan diary. how long does this drug stay in the body? now 5.5 days since last tablet, 8.5 since last rivaroxaban tablet.
it shouldn't even be humanly possible to take 2 seroquel and still be awake over an hour later... hashtag insomniaprobz
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
that moment when you find your year old tamiflu prescription unopened and not expired hashtag tybg hashtag blessed
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
linagliptin can be used as monotheraphy
apixaban - 2.5 mg bid, wait 25-30 hrs from last dose; next dose 4-6 hrs after; extreme caution due to lack of experience. hashtag asra14
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
i’ve done it myself plenty of times before (been on humira since february), but i had to stop for 2 weeks while i had the stomach flu
username exciting news about paxil/hot flashes. wonder difference between using already low doses of drig
hashtag swerve rt username i am the throat lozenge gwede mantashe refused.
i always have my latuda in my purse
latuda - it makes you slightly less dead inside.
username username are you doing uvb light treatments? my regime is soriatane oral 25 mg daily and enbrel twice weekly.
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hashtag forevertogo hashtag headache hashtag irritable hashtag toomanyhashtags hashtag makeitstop
nexium
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
6 days ago i quit suboxone cold turkey. i am in the worst pain of my life. thank you for the inspiration, and i love you.    christopher
rt username [clinical trials] abbvie study assesses role of predefined doses of methotrexate when used with humira hyperlink
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
food doesn't help for energy, not sure how to get some get up and go! hashtag newmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
username i like the suboxone ad right above the first pic.
username username username username however, the gabapentin would send me to sleep on the dose i had. i found 200gm x 3 ok
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” i am happy rn
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hashtag ozsleep
diclofenac i love you
drugs needing extended, &gt;6hr obs in ed: lomotil sulfonyureas synthroid warfarin mtx and apap hashtag phillytox14
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hashtag geodon
username username username i'm very familiar with clobazam and while i've been on lacosomide i don't remember it as well.
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hashtag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
metformin is contraindicated in patients going for mri  is it the mri itself ?!
the new username crestor as a sports team tv spot. if the brand or agency have any pride in this then you are the most basic plebs ever.
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
username is the meds lunesta bc if so that may be the problem but what do i know im no doc
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
can someone bring me a xopenex inhaler? ill pay big time $$$$
username tamiflu if you can get it. did wonders for me. i'm never not getting a flu shot again. rest up!
username that may change of course when my ativan and lamictal kicks in this morning....nah, probably not
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
started taking metformin and been throwing up constantly face with medical mask worried face
do u know what meds r 4 bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approve combination of hashtag olanzapine hashtag fluoxetine
username yes. there are interesting things going on....and meridia is around
i will need prayers for sanity today. and a chaser; like prozac or oxycontin.
someone give me a bottle of adderall so i can finish my homework.
half hour til release. then off to ms lacrosse practice. might be the lamictal talking but im in a good mood.
i take synthroid 0.125mcg, i have acid reflux, i have to wait six hours to take antacid or it cancels out my synthroid.
username grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide make money from tramadol in uk prescribed to people they disabled with thalidomide!
know what? even tho i still feel anxious, think less paroxetine suits me. don't think i'm as irritable as i was before or argumentative.
i've got no motivation for things today.  guess my amount of lunesta i took is still in my system.
hashtag nsu s-as at the crestor health back to school event last month hashtag spartansinservice hyperlink
somebody get doc a lozenge
rt username never take your vyvanse at fucking 4 pm... hashtag teamnosleep
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
the company you keep, with robert redford, susan sarandon, julie christie + nick nolte is awful. and it should've been sponsored by boniva
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
the medicine victoza has the longest don't take if list i've ever heard. you tube it.
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
*texts smiley face to crestor ceo*
i tried to think of the cold rain as a minty lozenge for the skin but it didn't work and now if you're not careful i will cry on you.
username off, and i did nuvaring and i had no period for 3 months and i was so happy! but then i spotted for 3 months straight and i was
welp hashtag gamergate, i feel the effects of this lunesta kicking in. so for this short period awake i may say weird shit. i don't know,
pullin an all nighter and goin to school on no sleep.. again. its hard, but adderall helps. and it gets me back on a good schedule.
username it's be hilare if your whole house was filled with smoke addicts and it turned a horrid, nicotine yellow like on still game!
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
'..their share price had risen. coincidentally by the same % that sibutramine increased cardiovascular risk' hahahaha scientists are bitter face with tears of joy
suboxone steadily tasting like shit, so you don't want to take it.
this seroquel is hitting me soo hard with this beer
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
the fda just announced it is investigating a possible link between the type 2 diabetes drug saxagliptin (onglyza) and heart failure.
thanks saphris now i'm 5 pounds fatter and counting. fuck meds
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
ah man, your lunesta is on back order!! no sleep for you!
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
xarelto does not equal invokana.
username humira ..... u r dead to me:..joking ..... but no damon is more macure and more hot
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
yep. rt username a friendship promise love ring is a nuvaring, no?
username depression hurts, cymbalta can help
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
ugh i just threw up my nuvaring
okay suboxone i see you.... and ur threr day face itch lol
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
oh go away, humira commercial.
username ask for extra chemicals when they clean. and take a few cipro to make sure all is covered.
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hashtag withdrawal hashtag trazodone hashtag omgicantwait hashtag help
username levaquin should be a drug of last resort!
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
username username get pregabalin prescribed for nerve pain mate works a treat
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
i hate how your body gets used to adderall and it eventually doesn't do shit
username if not happy with cymbalta, please, please look into savella! dual uptake inhibitor. blocks nerves and uptake in one dose.
cs on cipla: launch of advair in eu earlier than expected
legenda-legenda chelsea yang lain antara lain dennis wise, marcel desailly, jimmy floyd hasselbaink, mark hughes,
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
rizzo bros vineyards entangles bashful albuterol elements and a luxurious vinegar perfume in their 2011 merlot. hashtag unfollower
username loperamide beaming face with smiling eyes
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
username yeah i feel you lol i’ve heard some stories. darvocet will knock you out too
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hashtag usmle
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
counting down to paracetamol time..... diclofenac is calling me though....
my dog was put on xanax yesterday, and if that doesn't work they are gonna put him on prozac. mmmmmmkay.
rt username new hashtag tv ads 4 hashtag humira should feature hashtag crohns hashtag patients like me battling thru hashtag chemotherapy just 2 breathe normally. hashtag i…
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
username username start doing ccsvi which is cheaper than the baclofen pumps for ms. £8.000 for the pump approx. £500 for ccsvi
username i will, thank you so much for mentioning it... i've considered dropping advair cause of it hashtag purifyyourair
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hashtag crohns
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
ventolin is not working its magic anymore heavy multiplication x face with medical mask astonished face face with medical mask heavy multiplication x
so lets get this straight, i went from self medicating with medical marijuiana for bipolar to: saphris for mania which led me to take an...
username and olanzapine smd about 0.6 is also approaching a large effect size? interesting as people say antipsychotics not v effective
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
pepsi vineyards entangles voluptuous velvet undertones and a hard-to-miss albuterol bouquet in their 2012 pinot noir. hashtag heart
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
username i went with the nicotrol inhaler. helped me a lot.
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
nicotine withdrawals #2daysdown hashtag forevertogo hashtag headache hashtag irritable hashtag toomanyhashtags hashtag makeitstop
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
username tell me about it i'm getting my cardio to increase my metoprolol because my heart is racing
i imagine swallowing one's pride would taste a bit like this zinc lozenge.
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
pretty sure gabapentin is killing me.
oxycodone just makes me ears rumble and does like nothing else
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
ha! hashtag counterfeits username from username what is one of the most common herbals for erectile dysfxn? —&gt; sildenafil hashtag toxthurs”
welp i am hungry and i better take my geodon or i will stay on here all night
waterproofing yours backhouse is personable: viox
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
username ciprofloxacin will make you know god is punishing you
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
username hrt stuff (casodex and spiro) + avodart and minoxidil
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. i red 'pizza' not prozac
username yep, i’m singing the avodart blues!
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
when u let him live ur with geodon nd abilify
username i thought it was about an actual doctor who specialises in 'dealing with exhaustion' amphetamines and the like
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
old enough to remember protesting about thalidomide as a student. too old to properly recall what naive times i grew up in.
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
i like the username nexium commercials during hashtag znation winking face
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hashtag crohns
just vomited , and the taste and of the cipro is the most disgusting taste ever. pui
all y’all girls with bipolar depression take some latuda
username hahaha.. anthe antara sir.. apple vadu connectivity lo beat cheyledu google ni
hashtag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
username username username thank you antara :) hope u like it too!!!
just popped 4 nonstimulant adderall pills (not the good stuff) and now my mind is like soaring and i think im going crazy
username take 40 mg of crestor and you'll be ok.
everyone is entitled to completely disagree with the 'medical profession' on any issues.from thalidomide to whatever, they make many errors.
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
username username am an lamotrigine av bin for long time is the levetricetan beta?
prothrombin complex concentrates reverses anticoagulation of hashtag bayer's hashtag xarelto in phase i study. maybe other factor xa inhibitors too?...
why does phil mickelson look like he is cgi in his enbrel commercials?
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
username username username i'm pretty sure that having to toggle transparency in maridia is why i have the job i do today
03.25 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. neck ache and right shoulder ache. lower back pain.
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
i don't even know what a nuvaring is but it sounds funny
hashtag confed2014 ss - gp data could have picked up rosiglitazone 5 years earlier...
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
username username i had those really bad when i quit taking effexor
username adderall and weed and alcohol then go stone sober every other week
username ventolin is a brand name for albuterol - pretty much the go-to emergency inhaler for us asthmatics
we put up balloons and signs that say we give zostavax immunizations. so far, no line has formed.
$arna has patents in play for hashtag diabetes indications. hashtag belviq lowers hba1c by ~ 0.9% points vs placebo. metformin ~1.1%; januvia ~0.7%.
username feeling ok now. username gave him ventolin
username methadone is like suboxone cuz opiates are physical addiction. it's like a replacement.
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
well miralax didn't work for me. i think im invincible at this point. loudly crying face
if biogesic is paracetamol diatabs is loperamide alaxan is ibuprofen what is the generic name of condom? paradibunticine? 󾌵󾌸
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
username he won't say it's arthritis because he prob has an agreement with enbrel not to!
username in north america, etanercept is co-marketed by amgen and pfizer under the trade name enbrel.
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
username i just retweeted some cardiology news regarding dabigatran post af ablation to make u feel at home! lol
awww...when your bff knows how constipated you've been she gets u free miralax samples. true friendship, folks. lol hyperlink
latuda is the worst name. who approved this.
username vyvanse always makes my day! pill
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
username omg mee too i was on symbicort and like i got cut off and i couldn't pay 200$ every month for that little thing lol
esomeprazole better onset than omeprazole
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
username ace news x i'm on extavia but skin reactions are painful- thinking of just doing gluten free and see how i go x
username just dexam stim. can't have xyrem as i'm a single mum. found cataplexy meds (fluoxetine clomipramine) helped in the past.
how to use zostavax in pts &gt;60yrs? be off biologic for 4-8 weeks, vaccinate, wait at least 2 weeks, before restarting old or new biologic
florida is in need of cymbalta! all this depression and shit!
username meridia crt, stratford. lift broken down since jun. please fix this before someone collapses trying to reach their flat.
someone needs to get mike emerick a cup of coffee and a throat lozenge hashtag becauseitsthecup
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
username looks like just oncology other than velcade and zytiga -- $102m up from $97m
since in orlando some possible pharmacy themed rides: purple pill plunge, lyrica loop de loop, aspirin acrobatics hashtag apha2014 hashtag pharmadventure
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
might this trend be partially related to enbrel? check out the physician reported global trend compared to enbrel hyperlink
username umm, are you being a smart-ass? dont mess with me right now. going through cymbalta withdrawal i think im very depressed.
username my husband who have been permanently affected by avandia and either are killed by the medication or permanently injured,
$gild ranexa sales up 31% is impressive yoy ($130m)
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hashtag notgrooy
username also keep some imodium handy.
username hopefully type 2 and metformin will help
username proair emergency symbicort for everyday, has b machine 2. it sucks.
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
had a dream that i found 2 full ziplock bags of adderall hashtag damn
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
different effects of intravitreally injected ranibizumab and aflibercept on retinal and choroidal tissues of monkey eyes ...
username had ativan and xanax and neither works. i'm waiting for ins approval for zyprexa for my nausea, but its an antipsychotic too
hashtag fda approves bi's spiriva respimat for hashtag copd
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
rt username would you buy hashtag medication from this sales rep? username isn't promoting victoza but is still hashtag diabetic. hyperlink
forever trying to decide between remicade and humira
username i have to take miralax with 64ozs of gatorade. at 6pm i guess that will help. lol.
medical marijuana now being compared to thalidomide by head of louisiana sheriffs association.
username username eat it, get ripped but end up with a thumb like a thalidomide hashtag prnightmare hashtag thumbortoe what is that fucking chode?!
username username only just starting to kick in as buprenorphine blocks it. last night was the first sleep i got since sunday.
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
metoprolol is used to treat angina (chest pain) and hypertension (high blood pressure). it is also used to treat or prevent heart attack.
username each tablet contains diclofenac potassium 12.5mg username hyperlink
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
rt username hashtag drug discounts - save up to 20% - hashtag pathmark - metoprolol succinate -
username nope. cymbalta is new. but she will be right, i just want to go and work.
latuda side effects include increased prolactin levels, aka leaking nipples. nooooope.
this prolonged release metformin isn't working so well.
hashtag fdafriday: invokamet approved for diabetes avandia restriction lifted velcade use expanded will that be all, username
minister for justice and garda commissioner order surveilance/abuse and torture to women who suffer novartis drug side effects - aliskiren
username max needs a tiny ventolin puffer :-(
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
antara jonru dan gus sahal *another topic
ok for the record. i have sleep deprivation i am taking temazepam as of yesterday. i did not wash it down with vodka. water only
username most of our physicians pretreat with levaquin 500mg, an 80mg im injection and 2 additional days of levaquin. good so far.
i feel soo much better today, cymbalta with drawls are going away :))
username took me time to understand that brilinta tweet _/\_
who's tryna bless me with some adderall for exam week?
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
username thought i was going to have to call the ambo's for awhile there. loads of ventolin and antihistamines.
cool you herd a decently whooping cough bears are diovan march whap. poo. account is paper. yum. cost curry sauce kathy ireland
life's a bitch she tryna do me in, but i fuck her raw she got the nuvaring
brief-bayer says new data affirm effectiveness of xarelto as therapy for dvt
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
refractory atrial fibrillation: after trying propafenone, then amiodarone, patient in sinus rhythm with bystolic and digoxin. can't explain.
feeling much better.thanx to fluticasone spray :) hashtag waytobeatreboundcongestion
you want a funny bitch?  me + vodka + temazepam
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hashtag boards
today i am hashtag thankful for tamiflu and z-pak and sisters who bring cinnamon rolls to my room
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
pharmacy joke of today... whenever i count a prescription for januvia i think of the princess diaries
got the becotide but can't find my ventolin inhaler anyone have a spare i can borrow ?? can't get a doctors appointment for over a week ???
i've had a pretty good day breathing today, not needed too many nebs (have managed 4 hourly) going to put it down to my new symbicort
victoza makes me have no appetite at all!! hashtag thediabetty hashtag diabetes hashtag t1d hashtag iwanttobeabletoeat
in 2008 tysabri approved for crohn's disease; and there were 2 additional cases of pml. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
i only took basic of gabapentin this morning. was so confused i locked hubby out then collapsed.he thought i was drunk or od'd on something
username maple leaf time 4 a ventolin part maple leaf
username username username username man wouldn't let me tell doc. thought i'd lost mind. then the lunesta stories came out
username januvia for diabetes is 10 dollars a pill. u take once a day. tell me about it
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawal hashtag depression
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine hashtag pills hashtag solution hashtag remedy
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
username programs for those without insurance or are affordable to just get. but vimpat doesn't have a generic in the us and no program confused face
sports make u need a seroquel smh
username want to join viox
i feel like we're due for a nexium commercial any moment now, where we see murphy pre-z. hashtag znation
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
username username i did all my ivfs while on fluoxetine and vitalab were never worried.
username what do you know about victoza (meds)?
first thing i did today was google if you can take an advil while on adderall hashtag finals
username , plenty of diclofenac , ice packs and sorbothane insoles for your gutties mate. tried and tested ! and start running in boot
q1:which company had to make a recall of it's drug vioxx in 2004,the drug which earned it revenues totalling $ 2.3 billion in 2003?  hashtag quiz
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hashtag that
username redi do you by any chance know as to why cipc(cipro) is off-line, since last week monday? tried to call them, no one answers!
from jessica i have recently changed anti-depressants from cymbalta to zoloft...does anyone else get daily migraines from taking zoloft?
what's going on? ever since i stopped taking klonopin and viibryd i've had the reoccurring feeling of shock impulses. wtf?
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
i just can't kick you username lunesta
username i was initially given temazepam - it made me feel worse than the pain..
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
owing to years of experience in the industry, we offer wide range of nebivolol 2.5mg, 5mg, 10mg, 20mg hyperlink
username she needs to get onto ventolin and then valium before interviews .... or does she smoke dope ?? hashtag justsaying
username is so get a refill on your crestor
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
username surprisingly enough, i think cooper is right. nothing in proposed rules helps hashtag nuclear grow. exelon probably makes more $$
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
username username of the two, $orex still has a shot at the eu market, where 2/3's of meridia and xenical sales occurred
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
shirin abadi: thalidomide only 0.7% in urine but dialysed out clearance doubled also can cause hyperk  hashtag csn14
proper treatment of a 72-year-old female who has been taking boniva iv should include all except what?
okay now a nexium commercial, are these ads trying to tell username fans something??
everyone: i have a drug addiction to seroquel, i take 6 a year, help me stop
username username crestor challenge, round 1
the minute you share different views or dont agree with the negativity of a crazy person..ur an enemy..time 4 psyc eval + haldol, geodon!
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
the agility deposit margin lozenge go get a get together in connection with puppet government gloves
username username so funny, i had hashtag humira for breakfast too just told dh i think that shot hurt less than any other time! hashtag rheum
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hashtag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
me on lunesta sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face grimacing face ogre sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face  hashtag blerg happy 5:44 am kiddos!
username i think some people will try anything sometimes! i have with my severe psoriasis!finally awaiting humira injection anydayx
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
ivy is wired of this damn adderall face with tears of joy weary face
early morning trip! on the way to antara gange falls sunrise over mountains hope it'll b good hashtag thejourney hashtag thingsiwishedfor hashtag earlymorningtrip hashtag travellingoutskirts
why is sitagliptin a better option add on agent than glizipide in an obese patient? hashtag advdm
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hashtag postopprobs hashtag painmeds hashtag crazydreams
username username also told me i was imagining agitation from lyrica because she hasn't heard anyone say it.it's common effect
username oxycontin is brand name oxycodone and there are different brands of hydrocodone
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
username switched to suboxone at 20mg so i'm not sure how critical dispensing accuracy is at low doses, but i bet its pretty important
so this time of night i can choose lyrica (beware swollen throat, colon, penis, et. al.) or adam and eve. same result.
filmland is the regretfulest ritonavir this side of the mississippi
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
i would have preferred neurontin instead of norco for sciatica, but what do i know. i'm just a nurse.
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
username cymbalta can help face with tears of joy
so gi consultant says no inflammation so humira working but may have to up dose. pain could be scar tissue so mri booked to investigate.
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hashtag hopeso hashtag iactuallyslept
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
let me tell you about my day: started off with viibryd then a tall boy of max ice followed by xanax followed by 2 1/2 long island ice teas..
fixed rt username leave. rt username wait...@jheneaiko got nominated? lunesta spokeswoman is making moves
you know you're old when nexium is your drug of choice.
we're gonna be so fun once the both of us are on fluoxetine i'm tellin ya
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroidenergy
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
also note: fioricet, aspirin (350mg), vitamin d, melatonin, gabapentin 100mg in case i wake up blind or don't wake up. longest headache 48hr
this hashtag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hashtag ihatemeds
username did you finish the race? also oxycodone (not oxycontin) has a self-regulating mechanism. it has acetimophen in it which
every fucking time i take my lamictal it like melts on my tongue instantly leaves a terrible taste for like 20 seconds of hell
hashtag id now: effective treatments available for hiv patients not eligible for efavirenz regimens
humira commercial: this is humira giving me my life back mom: this is humira giving me anal leakage
i just got a legit script for darvocet n 100. are you fucking kidding me
that took 40mg temazepam though and now i have none left :(
pretty sure the quetiapine was affecting my sense of taste
probably having pregabalin withdrawal symptoms right now... i guess it wasn't a good idea to avoid taking them yesterday then -_-
username username apologies if gatecrashing. i was like walking dead when first started venlafaxine, much better now dose stable
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
meds course livetweets hashtag grayrock trials show quetiapine is only drug for bipolar disorder thats effective at both ends of the mood spectrum
damn mimi went off. but can we get her a throat lozenge please? hashtag lhhatl
username remicade didn't work. neither did humira or methotrexate. eds causes extra issues. i'm recovering from brain surgery right now.
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
moms making me take tamiflu to make sure i don't get it grinning face with sweat expressionless face
username miralax 1capful daily. water in not helpful hashtag evidencebasedmedicine
how can you tell when you've had enough caffeine... when you have lunesta on board for two hours and u still barely blink.
i got muscle relaxants and diclofenac patches for my shoulder since i can't see an orthopedist until monday. this sucks. my body hates me.
username l's downcast face with sweat get that tamiflu
lean toward naproxen if cv risk is a concern...&amp; celecoxib or low-dose ibuprofen if gi risk is a concern.
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
prozac and paxil have the same effects. well, shit. no wonder i fucking have insomnia after i told him i have it.
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
username hv been taking lyrica nd celecoxib togather but lyrica makes me slpy so avoided today.final bataoo yar hubby not home i hv u nw
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
that once a month boniva is really working for sally field. one can barely see her hump. hashtag oscars
username great service this morning fellas, the lad with the meridia is very impressed. ill be in touch with regards to the college
username temazepam all the way. prescription only.
 winking face with tongue winking face with tongue beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy yeen getting it back dawg. username darvin has had my t-shirt for about a year now face with steam from nose ”
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hashtag vyvanse hashtag add hashtag damn
a retrocession is a reënforcement: grudging, prasugrel
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username google levaquin toxicity. this should be a drug of last resort!
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hashtag willpower
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsproblem
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
username username so i reduce my normal hydro doses to allow for the fluticasone - which obviously you can't do!
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
*that awkward moment when a guy accidentally pulls out your nuvaring
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
19 pills of anti depressents ..is it enough ? its ziprasidone hyperlink
hashtag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
can you mix temazepam and red wine? asking for a friend.
we're all living in a yellow suboxone
1.5 grams of cipro per day has rightly roughed up the infection something proper. feeling much better.
username username - basically, customers were deciding whether to get suboxone and food for themselves, instead of their child
i can't wait until thursday i hope i get some fluoxetine and diazepam
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hashtag viibryd hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag ocd hashtag meds hashtag confusion hashtag agitation hashtag itching
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hashtag boards
choice of which 1 i want, these 2 were recommended. saphris sounds much better. but have to take the tabs daily. other is injection monthly.
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
trying to study for my midterm while taking oxycontin and oxycodone isn't my best idea
where's my sertraline and trazodone? i explain that i'm waiting to hear back from dr any moment. she stays in drivethru. finally hear...
hashtag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
username username jack did you need sildenafil citrate?
{considers prozac ivs for damon and almighty}
make an improvement yours offering lozenge personation with san diego seo
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hashtag clinicaltrials hashtag alltrials
rt username or ice cubes. pat quinn style. rt username someone give torts a lozenge...or a lollipop maybe. hashtag canucks
username never been happier for a commercial break. trapper can now go away and get the throat lozenge he desperately needs. hashtag smackoff
either that or she's got the drizzling shits and she's forgotten to take her imodium plus
hashtag eds friends! anybody taken hashtag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
i'm so fancy, you already know, i buy branded packs. from nexium to lipitor hashtag whoodahh hashtag whoodahh pharm-a-c-y
xanex and adderall .. my college survival tools. hashtag whatwouldidowithoutyou hashtag drugs hashtag truth
data do not support effectiveness of pregabalin (lyrica) over placebo for low back pain radiculopathy. hashtag acns14 hashtag spine hashtag pain
it's hashtag finalsweek at most colleges. in other news world adderall supplies have dipped to an all time low.
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
username lyryca, pregabalin, but gabapentin worked well on many 1'8 grams...
i can’t see the point in taking hashtag venlafaxine it’s screwing up my sleep i’m pretty sure it’s not helping with the depression.
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hashtag hopeso hashtag iactuallyslept
find thalidomide link once and we are lumbered with epidemiological nazis for ever - but never repeating the one off success.
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
username ya medicine is expensive but $94,500 for a 12-week supply. is a little rediculious.. i take nexium and its like 400 a bottle
username crestor is the worst.
metformin has the potential to cause nausea, loose stools etc. as a potential side effect
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
upto quetiapine? s'pose to help me sleep but dont know what you were thinking last night.
any of you lovely lot on tysabri if so, how have you benefited from it? hashtag ms hashtag dmd
latuda is the official bi-polar medicine of hashtag wiunion
no sleep last night. due to running out of seroquel. also ran out of mood stabilizers. today is going to be messy.
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hashtag teamfollowback
cnbc-tv18 alert: telmisartan tablets is an anti-hypertensive drug
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
we file dangerous drugs lawsuits for people injured by any 1 of several dangerous drugs: accutane actos fosamax granuflo / dyalisis injury
does it bug anyone else that those hashtag humira ads sometimes have a voice over and sometimes it's missing? hashtag advertisingmajorproblems
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
username i believe so! she wanted me on effexor but then found out i have rx insurance so pristiq it was. it has worked ~wonders~, too
username username imodium too!
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
can you mail drugs overseas? vyvanse, specifically.
warfrin vs. eliquis the carolina - duke rivalry of stroke drugs hashtag bigpharmastinks
username technically but i don't count them. i'm around like 16 people all on ecstasy and vyvanse. someones gonna leave pregnant i
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
rt username pregabalin and duloxetine are approved by the u.s. food and drug administration for the treatment of fibromyalgia.
username awww you almost penetrated the prozac! i love u buddy!
narcotic, benzo, etc rx's arent the only meds addictive. if i miss a dose of wellbutrin or effexor, my hands shake crazy i get brain zaps
username username username parry diclofenac much better for gout than alupurinol drink cherry juice
taking vyvanse so i can stay up all night studying
picking copperlark entertaining us gaga. a fish cheddar brush. mola meka penis airfare equipped with baby on stow flovent hfa to talk for
username username username in holland govt+insurance companies very reluctant to pay for febuxostat hashtag onywhocanafford? ;-(
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hashtag ugh
username i assume you mean the enbrel or humira (i think i saw his ad once, i can't recall). those reduce the effectiveness of (cont).
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
username i never tried suboxone i figured it was like tramadol
username tecfidera can lower wbc as well. i get bloodwork quarterly particularly focusing on wbc. have you been tested for jc virus?
username that dimwit will likely give her 12.5 of metoprolol and 2 of xanax q4
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
username although it would prob be cheaper for mcdonalds to give out atorvastatin
username my perscription is legal. lol i havnt smoked week since 2006. or touched a pain pill. just my xanax and paxil
bayer says nexavar fails in breast cancer study (reuters) share with friends: | | science - top stories news , rss feeds and widgets v
username username username username and she didn't exactly bring along modern drugs/hypnotic agents like lunesta or ambien
rt username i run on vyvanse and redbull.
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
reason 2 prepare risotto milanese rt username saffron has antidepressant effects like prozac - increases serotonin 2 brain hashtag cooking
username imodium will work for a while but you can only do that for so long...
ranbaxy says: co's current share in valsartan at 32% in us market
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
gilead sciences’ sovaldi still selling; biogen’s tecfidera launch ‘going well’
hashtag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
username username username username username same here pregabalin gave me awful side effects
username oysters mussels by username declaring her love of clams. ginger ale maalox by me missing a dose of effexor.
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
oh im taking about saphris
username my mom took my focalin what am i going to do tomorrow?! i got u with that vyvanse smiling face with sunglasses
dear booze: in those tv ads for spiriva inhalers, they act like it's terrible to hang out with an elephant. i think it would be awesome.
my dad gets so shitty that i dont take my vyvanse during summer break, what the hell do i need em for
if you're not doing anything for a few hours, take some adderall and get important things done.
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
username username username username username username currently on cimzia but had it with humira, enbrel too
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
username i considered taking a pregabalin to ease the burden but i gotta drive colleagues. don't wanna wipe out the team!! zzzzzzz xx
username username well it's brought my oxygen % up and they gave me levofloxacin 750 mg through an iv..
let me be your fiend, you be my nicotine.
username yep. i'm gonna take an extra advair dose tonight (usually only take in the am) as long as i don't run around i'll be ok.
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
row 5 has username sporting the hair and beard, looking good! row 2-alex viox username 2014 brown football team!! hyperlink
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
nicotine withdrawals. hashtag needasmoke
no...a nuvaring does not count as jewelry, ya slut.
username not eating all the metformin in one sitting! hashtag sweettooth hashtag candyaddict hashtag diabeteschallenge
username username we were right about the nerve pain. pregabalin is used a lot for neuropathic pain. it's strong babe xx
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
fuck you ciprofloxacin. am in my chillspot and all i can take is sprite?
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
recently it's really hurt when i use my enbrel epipen: those 10 seconds seem to last for ever. any suggestions about what might help?
note: my true theme song is fluticasone by nantokap. you wanted to know.
username lamictal, propranolol, ativan as needed (2 lower stress that might trigger seizure). previously on keppra, topomax, neurontin
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
folks said new viagra ad was too sexy to air in hashtag worldseries, but nobody sez nothin about spiriva ad w/elephant straight riding that dude?
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
what they don't know is that i'm the kind of person who genuinely thought about buying tamiflu on the internet
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
username antara fans dan hatters
don't smoke cigarettes for nicotine shortens life! smokeв marijuana for laughter prolongs life:))
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
day 11 of hashtag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hashtag nosleep
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
username username yes, i remember sprs frantically crossing off diclofenac from charts in their patients with renal failure - 'in my day'
yeah, not sure if its the symbicort (which can cause depression) or sad hitting me, but the last few days have felt like a downward spiral.
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
clin investigator making argument $gcvrz's hashtag lemtrada not as efficacious as tysabri but better safety profile. lemtrada aes more managebale
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
awesome epic phone call was awesome :-) time for temazepam dreams!
username username username eh, i'm not the unfortunate soul who has to stay in the room. i already handed out the geodon grinning face with smiling eyes
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
can't wait to get back in those dwemer ruins tonight with my meridia guildies for motif hunting! contact me in-game if you want to join!
username taste like sugar, and not that fake ass spiriva shit either
whether to smoke the leftover weed (and risk getting cravings) or swallow a bottle of restoril to pass out and be safe to not eat today
for all you hashtag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hashtag fuckoff
the lunesta didnt even work
don't forgot to take your latuda before you eat your flatizza.
richard platt asks what data could have helped us find the link earlier between vioxx and excess heart attacks?  hashtag aamc2014
lunesta in hand; my yard is full of leaves, feel free to come get them, i don't need them they are dry crunchy i like soft subtle
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
still had that rob hunter for a counselor. funny thing is geodon sent my brother to the er before i got switched over to it. i wasn't
my mum was offered thalidomide for morning sickness. she said no, luckily.
username i'm gonna have to switch meds again bc the viibryd gives me awful gi side effects.
shout out to tamiflu meds you're the real mvp pill
i haven't gotten illegally high this year! i'm doing good. i still pop pills tho. hashtag prescriptiontypeshit hashtag housemd hashtag paxil
username oh and forgot to mention i will also have a ground up paxil and 5 mg of propanalol. deelishus! ;)
according to this enbrel commercial, phil mickelson has changed his name to philmickelsonprogolfer,
i'll take the usual. just a little miralax on the rocks
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
username i'm lowkey pill junkie. &gt;.&lt; vivance, xanax, hydro's and trazodone are my faves
ok pharmacists - if i write suboxone 8/2 i mean films. cause that's suboxone. the tabs are subutex.
2 seroquel and 20 benadryl and im still awake. this is sone straight up bulllllshit
username google it. weird phenomenon. can happen to anyone. started when i was 19. more likely if i take seroquel.
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
cant cope coming off hashtag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
username username username username username i aim to please....vicodin 1000mg or darvocet 500mg or viagra...fuck oops
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
thank fuckin jesus for prozac and temazepam
hashtag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hashtag drugs
note to self: put bananas on office ledge. username bananas contain a natural chemical, also found in prozac, that can make a person happy
thalidomide? am i dreaming? rt username username is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hashtag nahapyep
netsec mortgage john buchan symbicort triumph hebrew. when i grow up i want to be a libertarianism. i'd like some communism.
i proposed denosumab for high risk patient who are using bp drug
username i like the way the dvd cover is colour coordinated with the imodium packet...
my boyfriend just saw a twink soundhound hey, ya, so i'll take a boniva and a frond of hemlock, please.
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
plaintiffs will try to show damages forgiveness constitutes large, unexplained payment and when generic nexium would have entered market.
username it all might be due to restlessness. hashtag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
username trapper needs vick, not the caller but the lozenge.  hashtag smackoff
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
today my adderall has taken me from extreme cleaning my room to reading about flight 370 conspiracy theories. in a matter of like 30 mins. flushed face
well it's been a shit day went for my tysabri after 4attempts couldn't access the port so home i went with a banging headache!how's ya all
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
username simple answer. doctors not wanting trouble refuse to prescribe oxycodone to folks who need it. they turn to the street.
rt username are antibiotics safe? read our original investigation: popular antibiotic ciprofloxacin linked to uk deaths hyperlink
username not relevant to enbrel users, so?
not sure the paxil is working any more
username c of course! but since most have a ventolin inhaler i suppose it isn't too surprising to breathe in a treatment smirking face
elaine hylek - no data to support fda decision to allow use of apixaban in dialysis patients. hashtag epnyc2014
username bruh i got the plug on 21 mg nicotine patches
username have some quetiapine .. 700mg a day.. it will make your penis big
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
realized my shrink prescribed olanzapine primarily for weight gain and increased appetite. sneaky bastard.
username username username some of my pain is neuropathic in origin, tried gabapentin - side effects stopped that one. -triptylines too.
username imodium water stabilizer caps basic pk that your used to should you need them. a world phone. insurance of course you already
username good shock though: my seroquel is like $12 now?! i remember when i had to pay $120 for it!!
username is like heroin, i want to quit because of what they are doing to username but i can't. is there a suboxone for espn? hashtag freesimmons
username username oh joy and indeed.....hoorah..... only 3 sleeps till mon. the thought of work has me shopping online for tomazepam =-o
today is one month since the last time i used my inhaler, god bless advair and singulair raising hands
it feels like my brain is melting. 360mg of vyvanse in 24 hours... not smart danielle. not smart.
i fucked up, my ventolin makes me shaky and i have my thing soon fuck
playing call of duty on adderall = beast mode
username username i have been on synthroid while pg and while bf. it is a non-issue to my pcp ob
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hashtag quetiapine
username username vimpat gives me crazy double vision, too. that reminds me... medicine time!
username i have the flu weary face weary face but hey thanks i'll try those anyway cause this tamiflu shit ain't working fast enough for me
while i hate levaquin with a passion i am grateful that my sinus infection is gone my headache went with it.
watching 'elf' noticed tamiflu promotional poster in doctor's office scene. wonder if it actually boosted sales. hashtag productplacement hashtag pharma
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
starving. .. thanks saphris
username username no! modafinil is a cognitive enhancer (originally for adhd) - sildenafil is viagra!
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
are there any on-call doctors or pharmacists on twitter?? my body is in mutiny because of ciprofloxacin at a very inconvenient time.
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
does anyone know if fluoxetine causes weight gain?
jeff need to bring a nigga some adderall or focalin when he comes home.
rt username tysabri has been shown in trials to be twice as effective as the crabs in preventing relapses....
username i'm over my lozenge limit for the next 4 hours lol. abbiegail is here now and i have to whisper. she finds it hilarious
tips to not spray ventolin on your tongue?
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
for some reason i find the eliquis commercials (specifically their cutesy clever wordplay) incredibly irritating.
username username i'm sorry to hear that. does oxy and gabapentin help? or some other med?
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
pariet &gt; ganaton &gt; catation &gt; nexium &gt; gaviscon mendapat ;'(
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
watching z nation and see a commercial for nexium starring... murphy?
this hashtag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hashtag ihatemeds
hashtag onrundersea hall - use of tiotropium bromide to reduce pulmonary oxygen toxicity
my metformin is giving me such bad back pain i cry
username you may need a steroidal inhaler like symbicort or advair for a while until the bronchitis clears up.
girl a slippery albuterol bouquet and overtly-sexual spelt elements are combined in the 2002 zinfandel from don francisco vineyards. previe
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
waiter: the never ending pasta bowl comes with your choice of metformin or a side of insulin. american: can i substitute more breadsticks?
username do you have the buprenorphine ready?
username username diagnose: confused psychotic bipolar (manic) jihad-leftie: 2 months on zyprexa in khomeini-free environment
username username i hope it works. i haven't heard much about tecdidera. aubagio is a once daily pill too. nice change from needles.
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hashtag sleepdisorderproblems
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hashtag noshame hashtag wheresthepoop
tmd. i hate this. gonna take second dose of lyrica in hopes that it might help
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
username im on 125 seritide and ventolin , i had take the seritide 4 times a day and ventolin when i need it
i watched a guy overdose on buprenorphine today at the er.  so that was exciting.
ain't nobody got nothin on trazodone
hey, friends! after wwiii, don't have your bones crushed by a radioactive mutant! stock your bunker with boniva! *tweet sponsored by boniva
may your week be short and your exams filled with lots of coffee and adderall hashtag happyfinalsweek
username i take qvar 2x a day. singulair gave me nightmares and advair made weird things grow out my skin, itching burning too :-/
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
enbrel is a joke. it should never be taken. the side effects are terrible. there's plenty of natural herbs that heal with no side effect ...
username - only partial future. real deal is when the cloud sees your tb order delivers tp imodium by drone 30 min later. username
the cymbalta commercial makes me depressed v.v hurry and end already! hashtag fun
username i know how you feel. i was on advair and it helped but it's really expensive and no medical coverage. hope you enjoyed your pie.
i'm as sick of writing my can't sleep tweets as y'all are of reading them. trust me. lunesta at 8:30. it's 1 and not even a yawn.
the kid in the eliquis commercial has the gayest stroke i've ever seen
6 yrs ago today i met my local hem/onc 4 the 1st time my reason 4 visit-anemia dx 11 days later w/ hashtag myeloma got my velcade there today hashtag mmsm
username because we are focused just on costs, which everybody should be. not on ideology. if advair costs $300 in this country and $35 in
the most important side effect of ventolin is: a) nausea b) vomiting c) tachycardia d) drowsiness  hashtag abdalla
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
i came here armed. 1. gas-x 2. nexium 3. tums 4. mylanta  fuck you heart burn from cajun food.
fact: new oral  hashtag lorcaserin is fda approved on label for t2 diabetes cormid hashtag obesity and works better than januvia hashtag easd2014
a study published in nejm reported an increased rate of hospitalization for hf with use of saxagliptin compared with an inactive treatment.
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
username thank you for sponsoring hashtag thementalist eliquis
username i'm on citalapram and 600mg quetiapine - i'm not sleeping!
username started dawnguard but got sidetracked with meridia and nocturnal and azura and looking for shit for mehrunes dagon.
week 3 metformin .. felling better , i think smiling face with smiling eyes hashtag type2diabetes hashtag metformin hyperlink
username ask them about metformin smiling face with smiling eyes thumbs up
username but what of the pharmaceutical industry if we stop dosing people up on seroquel, ritalin, etc?!
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
l___, that was a good trick. i was able to smile because i was sitting. we'll call that the geodon game.
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
username been on victoza for about 2 mths my levels have dropped from over 100 to 55!! dr was so pleased i'm really happy too :)
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
username hook it up with some viibryd buddy. my prescription ran out months ago. thanks and congrats!
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
i think its funny when people ask me what drugs i've taken to lose weight. sorry i don't cheat w/ adderall hashtag sorryallnatural hashtag bodytemple
bye-bye to excessive usage of ventolin which also means less beli ventolin more uang jajan
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
so you're going to give me metformin to reduce my chances of needing metformin by 50%? username at hashtag napcrg2014
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
username gatorade and imodium and a bucket
username i am on victoza on trial and i seem to be in remission
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
username there were more people taking rosiglitazone than other
then type of drugs ada salbutamol which is ventolin and terbutaline sulphate which is bricanyl hashtag moncler
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hashtag pcos
thin lozenge stiff, acer 4820tg main features in regard to valorous exceptional playacting
religare cap mkts: possible that nexium exclusivity may stay with ranbaxy
username can u plis manage viox i will pay
tbt to when we lost maridia at the senior reds game lolol
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
ok forgive me if i've tweeted this before, but how exactly does a nuvaring work?
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
username pretty sure avery johnson has a lunesta sponsorship
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
username we just had the flu come through our house. if you get a fever and can get tamiflu its worth it.
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
hashtag knowyouranon i'm addicted to adderall and i've been trying to recover from it but i'm only able to little by little. for more info dm me
try to take seroquel and alcohol all at the same time and your world will be like aersdd ';&amp;$*£¢ copyright °^÷[&lt; gjluvzcf arfrcgjklkjf!'%$&amp;@%*-;&amp; yup
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
username just saw you with hoda learned you had your thyroid removed like me synthroid did not help me,am on armour now,u on synthroid?
username oh geez. my lamictal has been increased today. yay!!! lol. we will see.
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
i luv when my headaches are worthy of oxycodone :')
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
username but a company was registered with cipro by part of the agang leadership!
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
username haah dekat ilmu studio. die antara form 4 or 3 this year
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
username rusty chainsaw. hashtag smackoff  hashtag lozenge hashtag trapper
just saw username on a xarelto commercial.... hashtag latenight hashtag nascar
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hashtag fatkidprobs hashtag hangry
this oxycodone gets me so high but itchy at the same time
and now i'm bouta b on some fuckin prozac
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
. atorvastatin has been shown to be effective in treating hyperlipidemia in patients with hiv infection; because of interactions with the
school starts right away, but let's place our emphasis on zostavax immunizations instead of childhood immunizations. great job, goofmart.
username in response to the xarelto commercial with the gps guy: the wife punched it in cuz the guy didnt wanna ask for directions. ;)
username picked butthead up from his for a bite to eat and lozenge was there with c-unit x
username don't do that! what is the inhaler? proventil proair or ventolin?
my asthma is haywire right now. anyone have any extra advair disks they don't need? i will be eternally grateful.
biogesic is paracetamol diatabs is loperamide alaxan is ibuprofen what is the generic name of condom? - paradibunticine :dd
username username hi emma, i was 26 when diagnosed, if you want2ask me anything,feel free2give me a shout.on enbrel now&amp;working a treat
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
5:00 am feeding time! from moxifloxacin hcl400mg,apo-prednisone50mg,morphine suifate10.g,salbutamol inhaler,advair + hyperlink
bock choy white hair boats. she is dog biscuit pulls galaga in diet. we and brakes. farted school subject is zostavax wee sports
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
username only the atrovent is available for nebulizer, flovent is only an inhaler and unavailable for nebulizer.
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
i get it takeda, uloric more effective for gout than allopurinol! # butcostisthe issueformost patients! mailoverload hyperlink
next time take nexium and save the taxpayers thousand of dollars. hashtag obamassorethroat
so long didn't use ventolin evohaler but it's ok, asthma already less
depression hurts :( cymbalta can help (:
username username username opioid equivalences? fentanyl/buprenorphine patches gabapentin and pregabs.... and im out.
secukinumab superior to enbrel in hashtag psoriasis treatment. save on your rx w/our free drug discount card!:ttp://bit.ly/16zrncy
username enbrel pros vs cons for still's disease? and why is it so hard for insurance companies to deal with us still's patients? lol
username viox just drank out of you.
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
username all the time! i took trazodone last night and it really helped- but it was difficult to wake up :-/
imodium is a vitamin if you're jewish.
victoza was the cause of your cancer
username for a moment i read knee deep in prozac, but nothing to worry about i reckon
yes i need to sleep threw tornadic winds or im going to be on paxil username
then i was sent home with a darvocet script. those giant pink pills were magic. i could stab my thigh with a fork not feel shit.
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
will this ezogabine drug remove hashtag alcoholism as a leading preventable causes of death after smoking and obesity??
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hashtag trazodone hashtag withdrawls
my new medication sounds like a transformer. effexor.
username yes! i'm off quetiapine, half dose citalopram (20mg) and benn changed to lamotrigine :)
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hashtag adhd
username oh yuck. we all have our least favorite body fluid. mine is aerosolized blood. nosebleed on xarelto -eeeew
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
hypothesis: vyvanse works best after little to no sleep  status: true
username i'm on latuda and it works pretty well. i'm not sedated like other meds i feel alive and want to exercise and such.
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
username lyrica 300 mg + tramadol 500 mg + baclofen/zanaflex/soma like 7-10 of those
username i'm a bit drunk its my prozac
been looking for viagra sildenafil in this city to no success.
username unreal!! he will either light it up or shoot an 81. no different than any other week i suppose.... hashtag enbrel
rt username report: a fixed-dose regimen of dabigatran for ischemic stroke may be ineffective in pts with severe obesity. hyperlink
username lamictal. its amazing. lol
username so glad it's working for you! i've just started gabapentin and on low dose so far but seeing a difference :-)
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
fixodent and crestor ads, what demographic am i in?  hashtag maddow
poor holly has the flu bug squinting face with tongue . fyi - the flu shot is only 40% effective this year and tamiflu is friggin expensive! whole family on prevent...
username i take extavia think it is helping, my last mri showed a very small patch of new damage, so active,but no relapse so i think helps.
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
username .@lapd a man with a ponytail just offered my son a lozenge” username username username
tummy bug.......do they not sell imodium in america?
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
such a love/hate rt username username wtf is really good with an adderall doe weary face
username given what we know about the demographics of type 2, i'm a bit surprised she's still all over the victoza page.
rt username this xarelto ad is eternal and this guy has said the word bleeding at least a half dozen times and i don't know what xarel…
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
username username i tried advair yrs ago....did nothing for me. i just use the rescue inhaler n singular. no real probs in 5-6yrs
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
username exelon has financial interest in pushing gas prices up. higher gas prices mean increased profits from merchant hashtag nuclear
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
apixaban administration during pregnancy was not harmful in rats, mice, or rabbits.
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
i really think we should for a darvocet loss grief support group. hashtag bringbackthegoodstuff
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hashtag abilify. suits me well.
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
username remember tamiflu vaccines a huge waste of money driven by hysteria... hashtag thelieswearetold
username ooooo geeez that's not good. did they fix it? dysmotility. bloating, gas, etc etc. intense abdominal pain. on vsl#3 miralax but
news: regeneron's eylea improves vision in diabetic eye condition
username username cus she kept saying ventolin and becotide but chemist gave us these, was confused alright
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
2 imodium and a cup of tea, that should do it right? hashtag fuckitletsdothis
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hashtag ibs
the progestin potency of levonorgestrel is just over half etonogestrel's. so this will have maybe 1/4 the progestin effects of nexplanon.
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
latuda is seriously the strangest name for an antidepressant. hashtag who'sjobwasthat hashtag youfail
i gat a taste for hashtag cymbalta all these commercial they shown
username username mother natures lunesta for sure haha.
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
this vyvanse will get me through this 9 hour work day
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
companion is floyd horse ebooks slim shady hunch mail exporter champ refuse to januvia wild mushrooms thoughts: i'd admire cholera frown
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
username i'm also told infliximab costs £1000 a time what taken every 6 weeks and humira is £400 what's taken every 2 weeks
username months now that has lidocaine, diclofenac, baclofen and flexeril - muscle relaxers, anti-inflamatants and pain numbers.
we need addies, ritalin, focalin, vyvanse
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
knocked out an article for username in one hour. there still is a little vyvanse kickin..
depression hurts. cymbalta can help.
rt username started enbrel last week--already feeling better, but don't know if it is from the enbrel or other favtors like gluten-free diet
rt username my medication gives me weird bizarre dreams. not all bad though. last night i had dinner with the rolling stones hashtag cipro…
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
hashtag ens2013: prof comi presents hashtag msresearch poster on safety of switching from tysabri to username username
xenoport presents new analyses of data for gabapentin enacarbil at the 33rd annual scientific meeting of the american pain society htt...
kv diary: 4/26/14 8:30pm 116 1/2 lbs 1 pristiq chicken nachos, dinner salad, soda. 36 hrs since last cry
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
after a terrible day, i've had 4 x codeine, 4 x diclofenac 3 x paracetamol tablets. approaching a comatose state of sleep. g'night world.
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
hashtag lurasidone has low propensity for hashtag weightgain and hashtag metabolic disturbances making it attractive option for hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag mhchat hashtag mh
username my vyvanse makes me nocturnal new moon face ”
username minho's birthday project itu colab antara fs china korea ya?
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
i'm so gotdamn sick of you rt username …jesus be some virtual imodium and block these shitty lies adrian posts. amen.
username what'd they give you?? oxybutynin really helps
basement breathe username dj advair username dbreathe username where's darth rock?”””
username taking it for depression mainly but i'm skipping an extra dose each week, i'm on viibryd . yeah cymbalta made me dizzy
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
lamotrigine may be of interest for both prevention and treatment of brain metastases of her2+ breast cancer.
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
username sorry to hear thatiinfliximab is not for you. fingers crossed humira is the answer to your prayers xx
username let me guess same sources that said thalidomide was safe.
username sounds like fun! hope antib's work this time. are you on humira?
rocephin + ciprofloxacin = me barely able to stay awake
username i'm not even sure what to request. :/ sertraline makes me sick now, venlafaxine made me sick, reboxetine and citalopram useless
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hashtag mastersdegree hashtag sofaraway
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
symed labs a trend setter in the manufacture and marketing of high profile active pharmaceutical ingredients like apixaban ihs,
take victoza to improve blood sugar , but by taking victoza you may get nausea, vomiting, kidney failure, pancreas inflammation, hives ...
username geodon was also *very very very* hard to get on and off of. i feel asleep at my desk for weeks lol
look. if you consider yourself my friend, you will not offer me adderall, vyvanse, or anything..
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
nicotine patches. remember? i’m doing well.
username username that would be thalidomide that's been used for decades in the usa with no problems at all`?
even tho when i first tried vimpat i was pretty fucking miserable
username crestor first then eat the big macs while walking on a treadmill also a liter of diet cola is needed!
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
username geodon is now available as a generic. many have come back from disability to much improved functioning with geodon.
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
dr. reddy's labs has launched zoledronic acid injection in the 5 mg-per-100-ml strength. hashtag osteoporosis hashtag medicine
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
latuda 40 mg,trazodone 50 mg diclofenac sodium 75 mg all one daily 1 daliy and cyclobenzaprine 10 mg x2 daily, then my...
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
username i still get the pins needles feeling in my hands since doing humira
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
*a discarded nuvaring outside of planned parenthood*
username xigris was taken off the market a few years ago. it was deemed ineffective. i think you and ryan eisner would disagree.
my dad in response to the crestor commercial: i will not watch this crestor commercial. it's obnoxious and i hate it.
german drug company gruenenthal that invented thalidomide finally issues apology but no compensation for victims hashtag thalidomide - 50 years on
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
q2 hashtag pillchat every doc should be able to use buprenorphine - not abandon patients dr.s
pipeline monitor: pfizer's enbrel approved by ema for axial spondyloarthritis; roche wins further ovarian cancer indication for avastin
off back to bed now. can't afford to oversleep tomorrow gabapentin messing with energy levels. nanight. sleep well xx
username thank you so much for getting the message out...wish i could see the film but bayer crippled me with cipro back in 2009!
i feel like you need to take adderall if you don't have any self motivation. if you know you have work to get done you can focus yourself
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
rt username dhen bune there's no shortage of medicines ey. username pls rt hashtag ehlakin beys hoadhaadheebala. hashtag sto hashtag rivotril hashtag baclofen …
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
touching all the wood i can see and trying to tempt not one bit of fate....humira seems to be working! no pain for months! hashtag crohns hashtag jinx
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
thalidomide wrote:i know i've barely posted in this thread at all this season, but i just want you all to know that i have decided to...
that bad that both ‘profen paracetamol aren’t lowering his fever. if it gets worse, then back in for diclofenac or paracetamol injection.
oohh rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
zyrtec, singulair, advair inhaler first thing this a.m. now benedryl at 10:30. hashtag ihateragweed hashtag allergies hashtag titohandmeatissue
ventolin tabs act damn quick
vishal salunkhe: glucose-stimulated insulin secretion is reduced after treatment with rosuvastatin calcium. hashtag easd2014 hyperlink
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hashtag socute
irritation hurts...cymbalta can help hashtag problems username
username username username amazingly cost effient for our area
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
.@bbcbreaking 1/2 well w/ all the all tamiflu the nhs have got stockpiled for the worried well that can only be a good thing.
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hashtag doctors hashtag help
keliru jap antara face mill gn end mill confounded face
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
gr8 moments in rx ads: tv pitch for hashtag diabetes hashtag drug username intones: do not use victoza if you are allergic to victoza. sound advice.
username nicotine lozenges. if i go cold turkey i can’t think (or see) straight, so i can’t work.
enbrel causes weird dreams. dreamed i was hanging out with a group of young gay men who were obsessed with obtaining perfect dark skin +
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
username username adderall had me bowling like hyperlink username omg face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
writing a us history research paper...this is one of them times that adderall would be good...
antara sebab conservative method in socialising are preferable by me is because we got topic to be always on conversation, not in texting
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
username young elsa had been acting lately. still strong, still obedient, but it seemed to meridia that she wasn't as confident as
forgot to ask about efficacy/availability of sativex. consultant asked me to do homework on tecfidera aubagio for follow up in 3 months.
i knew them from the vioxx document review project in 2005 run by hudson legal. they were friends of albert oneto and mark mantel.
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
username she has type 1-apparently victoza is used 4 type 1.5/2. so shes not used it but said its v powerful so may cause extreme reactions
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
just take a guess on how much i understood from the chinese man's presentation on sorafenib and docosahexaenoic acid's synergistic effects..
username wolfe says no unique benefit to spirvia respimat vs. marketed spiriva handihaler. hashtag copd hashtag fda adcom
miralax is so powerful, just having it in your house will make you shit out your entire cholo
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
username i was looking up stuff about you. you cheated and took adderall and then threw other players under the bus? classy!
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hashtag shitgetsweird
username username username just looking at this picture is making me pop a nexium and grabbing the bottle of tums.
i feel like nuvaring is a trap because rough sex can easily make that disappear.
i need nexium
username hahaha give him some imodium , its good for diarrhea loool
username username username i once had a wardrobe (bought specifically for the purpose) holding 300 spiriva inhalers.. do the math!
username she's ok she was really whezzing and struggling to catch her breath, thankful ventolin helped. just have to keep an eye on her,
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
i don't get how my doctor recommended me humira when the fucking side affects are worst than what i already have, may cause cancer
username better now. well, back to the usual. i'm impressed with how the symbicort has almost eliminated her coughing.
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
so far today i've accidentally called 911 (and had to explain to the officer who responded), and dropped a cell full of atorvastatin 20..
username prescribed fluticasone propionate. think that's the same as that one you mentioned. not sure it's helping yet but it's day 2.
12 (5 of which were ventolin and four flovents) inhalers and 16 miscellaneous other prescriptions within an eight month time period.
advair diskus + clarithromycin kicking in - should be good for thankgiving / gue hyperlink
username username do you want imodium
sunovion pharmaceuticals inc. announces fda approval of latuda (lurasidone hcl) as monotherapy and adjunctive therapy in adult patients…
username hashtag targetpharmacy need some advice from pharmacist about large doses of vit. d and calcium for osteo, can't take the risedronate
username i know of a lot of people on flovent for ee. my 2yr old uses pulmicort. biggest debate: meds or food elimination?
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
username that's pretty much my posture but seems to be improving with the enbrel
latest updates on levofloxacin by dr.muchsin achsan, sppd-kpti, finasim username
username popped a vyvanse.. im cleaning. wooo!
so actually my hatred should probably go towards username but turns out they're both exelon companies sooo.... hashtag merica hashtag monopolyproblems
my friend told me she liked nexplanon more than nuvaring i was like i remember when you had nuvaring we might know each other too well.
pretty much haven't talked to sam or lyrica all day, sweet person tipping hand
thought i saw a boniva convention in progress, but it was just a forever 21 store.
definitely not to me rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
harvest came on as man across from me took his suboxone hashtag happy hashtag friday
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
username they hate fluoxetine. well, mine do. it's like a ring of fire. i write with my head, the heart hurts too much to get involved
i've heard tales of suitless maridia and i fear i may have to learn what it is.
i need rimonabant
username happy to hear migraine is gone, sorry about the knees. hope you get healed and back in the enbrel soon sleep well.
joint ad for boniva hashtag academyawards hyperlink
username doubt numbers are much different. like some data. i'm talking single agent trials. not velcade plus pomalidomide phase i :)
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hashtag fibromyalgia
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hashtag tysabri for hashtag msandlife and heat-related.
that means the copd has not progressed for 3 months an the advair is working. the dr prescribed honey once a day only :)
taking pregabalin ,amitriptyline , codeine for me/cfs hashtag domedswork
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
username buy muna metformin bago sweets hehe
dr. this is our intern fatimah and she will give u brief introduction about lacosamide , me:who's fatimah ?? dr.you. me:me !! ok ( pouting face )
rivaroxaban - oral anti-xa agent; 10 mg qd; half life 10-12 hrs; recommend waiting 22-26 hrs from last dose and neuraxial block. hashtag asra14
oooops just realized i didn't take my synthroid yet :p not super late!
thee tamiflu commercial is funny , likee flu is kickin his ass .
username username just spoke to one source: green bay area sold out of imodium ad due to team food poisoning! they are guzzling the stuff!
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
username i need alvesco but id be ok with ativan
never take viibryd ever
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
putting off calling pdoc re quetiapine decision
4 freakin capsules of loperamide today -_-
username blargh hate this. particularly with seroquel at night. i not i don't sleep. if have and have more cant get up :/
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hashtag crohns
username username suboxone is a great option for some patients. all depends on the person. theres no one way!
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hashtag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
username isn't zyprexa also called olanzapine, if so ppl need to be careful of side effects &amp;addiction, can do more harm than good
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hashtag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hashtag psychosis hashtag fail
username cries at that 'paxil' kid omg
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
urgent: need ciprofloxacin or levofloxacin (700 mg) to treat a dying sea anemone. will drive anywhere in li/ny area
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
i'm going to be so hopped up on nicotine and diet mountain dew for game 6 hashtag pacers hashtag cantwait
out of the combo of these current games being boring and my adderall kicking in heavy, i decided to make a top 5 list for next season.
username and with seroquel i take half of a 25mg pill. and it knocks me out; i can sleep for 12 straight hours
username it's called heather norethindrone it had no estrogen she said cause she knows i'm breast feeding
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
sms lily-white lozenge: the paramount stabile business dealings tower
wells fargo demonstrates z as its most cost effient platform for delivering business value username  hashtag ibmpulse
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
atomoxetine is lecturer-dependent attending activity.
username username the nuvaring bracelet is probably very stylish.
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
username  apart from the flu shot, why does the fda set the zostavax age as 50+, whereas, the cdc sets age as 60+
in an hashtag aanam poster, leist et al. pooled 4 rcts and found a better risk–benefit ratio for treating ms with 14 mg of teriflunomide than 7 mg.
ivy league news: seroquel crazymeds: ...strength. seroquel crazymeds percentage of adults specialists at cornell university remedy to...
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hashtag vyvanse
eat my trazodone then go to bed, wake up in the morning with holes in my head
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
give me ventolin duh entek
username mt username i've asked this before but can't remember. sominex when on duloxetine pregabalin. okay or not?
um yay venlafaxine set off a mixed episode. calming down now after weeks, now back to the depression of before. yay indeed
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
college hoes love alcohol and popping adderall and anything that got something to do with withdrawals. hashtag deezbitchesrolling
username i've been reading the tweets.... mate, i don't wanna tempt fate! but i will have a pop!!gonna be on imodium from thursday! fearful face
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
generic sildenafil has been removed from the sls. however, the brand versions have been added. started as of august 2014 hashtag pharmacy hashtag uk
does anyone know if fluoxetine capsules are big, like i manage to choke on melatonin
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
exactly. gets them hooked then shills suboxone. repugnant mt username username username username i'm suboxone certified.
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
a fine line between fosamax and liplock
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
username that sounds like almost a sure fire cure .. but my body laughs at benadryl lunesta ..but this svu treatment you speak of..
username if you reacted to cipro, levaquin or avelox please speak out and demand greater fda controls! we all need your help!
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
i was not finna take that miralax today ... hell no.
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username uh....batshit crazy..comes to mind for some reason...someone cut-off the writers supply of prozac? ....
second tysabri infusion 4 james 2moro-he's a bit nervous-making him breakfast cookies for the morning and a red rice salad for lunch hashtag beatms
if youre wondering what my last tweet means, it says depression hurts, take cymbalta.
meds paranoia cos my leg is itching hashtag lamictal hashtag bipolar
thought that it was an addy, turned out to be lunesta
username miralax helps flush my 3yo daughter’s cache flow.
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
a brazen cap'n crunch perfume and german albuterol essences are incorporated in the 2003 sauvignon blanc from rizzo winery. hashtag nuevo
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
username username you need to suck on a lozenge!!! xx
3 rounds of puking, a nasty headache, and my throat is raw. body wants nothing to do with this increase in the geodon.
i took my trazodone like an hour ago and i can barely keep my eyes open and i need to finish homeworrrkkk
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hashtag blah
why doesn't the spiriva commercial mention not smoking 2 packs/day as an alt to a lifetime of meds?! username username hashtag coolassshit
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
username username i can airlift my stockpiled paxil to nyc...
ishmael avandia with the pick six! representing the number well! defense wins games
though, i can feel when meridia burns me... and taylor can hurt me and i feel it. perks of being my creator is breaking her own lore.
two antidepressants, hashtag mirtazapine hashtag fluoxetine linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection...
username advair a asthma medicine you have probably seen advertised on tv costs $300 in this country. $35 dollars in france.
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
username i switched to humira in feb. i was on remicade for 3 yrs. it worked wonders at first but my body stopped responding :(
cancun but the caribbean: viocx
18.08 day 11 rivaroxaban diary intense back pain at a funeral from 10.30am. paracetamol eventually took it off. very weak and aching knees
username since vioxx killed my mother highly suggest persons who notice change in loved one, friend, anyone investigate adverse reactions.
that one part turned out to be some girls nuvaring face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy  hashtag dead hashtag wtf hashtag canthandlethis
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hashtag antibiotics
make money are jufran and poo. dexilant
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
rt username lurasidone gains new indication for bipolar depression: the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) has approv... http:…
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
women of childbearing potential should undergo pregnancy testing before initiation of efavirenz (efv) hashtag livingpositively
i need 14,000mg of quetiapine to die for sure (gotta love google)...i probably only have about 3,000mg hashtag fuckmylife
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hashtag diabetes
indian drugmaker ranbaxy still has exclusive rights for nexium generic: ceo
my best friends are combivent respimat and aranesp. they are so the goon! i like to go to the movies and eat lots of root.
hashtag ifihadalifesentence i'd die because you can't have nicotine in prison anymore.. lol
username gotcha. i've tried so many meds over the past 16 years and the best one for me has been paxil. i've been on it for at least 8 yrs
i've filled five tamiflu prescriptions today. hashtag myinfluenzasenseistingling
looked up cipro. and im being poisoned.
let them eat prozac.
my trazodone has b een ready since tuesday but we havent gone to pick it up yet n probably wont get to til this weekend and im in hell
username this bitch literally just asked if nicotine is something you put in your eyes. hashtag whatanightmare” i just can't!! hashtag idiot
username goodbye from the schizo wing and stop pushing abilify and latuda i know you can't but go team usa
$bmy no we are not going to sell eliquis to $pfe
username it all might be due to restlessness. hashtag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
username hi the side effects can be really bad ive been through lots.i am ok thanks ive only just started pregabalin bit numb though
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hashtag ibs
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
this and adderall this morning &gt;&gt; hyperlink
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hashtag clinicaltrials hashtag alltrials
apparently jump shot form was not a requirement for actors in eliquis commercial hashtag bankisopen
username every time i forget seroquel, i end up rage breaking things eg- my laptop *facepalm*
a morning talk show, but it's hosted by non-morning people all wasted, hungover and apathetic before the coffee and adderall kicks in.
site update: media for elizabeth in a pristiq commercial
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
nurse to dr: patient is getting miralax but it's not working so can we try milk of mag? i love knowing what that means!!!
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hashtag baddrugs by hashtag pharma smdh!
username can we look at 2 stupid black boxes? vioxx and droperidol? vioxx could be used like po toradol. excellent acute pain relief
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
username username username username username imodium should sort you out.
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hashtag paxil
lord i'm in soooo much pain right now, pork chops finally good n soft, just took my last dose of gabapentin 4 the night 2 tramadol's pill pill
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
username true life: i'm out of advair
username dad is on cipro right now :) lol and keflex...
welcome to finals week! also known as: adderall awareness week!
astrazeneca lifts sales forecast as nexium keeps on giving: london (reuters) - astrazeneca raised its 2014 sales forecast for the sec...
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
going through a real bad nicotine withdraw...
username username probably i have several imodium supositries just need someone to deposit them
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
try rigmaroling,always works for me username taiwan method is tricky for us guys for ventolin tho. you macerate ukidhani unaslice to
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
hashtag ms hashtag tysabri hashtag fight hashtag bestrong
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
got told off for increasing my fluoxetine without asking for permission.
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
not even taking my adderall is helping me concentrate on my career counseling reading. hashtag mastersdegree hashtag sofaraway
fingers crossed soooo hard that my new synthroid dose also fixes my itching because i just can't do this anymore. folded hands
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
i am the shit please pass me imodium
i finally had an appetite, made food, gone. humira why won't you let me eat
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
username advair they don't singular idk
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
spencer be blackinggggg when she's on adderall lol
username excellent stuff - my mum also had velcade before her stem cell therapy a couple of years ago.
username username i'm on keprra, vimpat and lamictal. 16 seizures in one day at the hspl, before new meds, thank god, dr=blessin
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
impact of aliskiren on postdischarge mortality and readmissions in patients with heart failure hyperlink
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
anti depressants for mood, adhd meds, lunesta to sleep, norcos for the pain and lithium for the brain...yet u thnk we are fucked up? gotcha
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
my therapist warned me about that and my current doc won't prescribe them to me but they work 220% better for me than trazodone
febuxostat may increase the number of gout attacks during the first few months of your treatmen.
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
username username username username username username mostly still in contact w him bc i sell him suboxone if uk what those r
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
i always forget to take my humira shot.
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hashtag postopprobs hashtag painmeds hashtag crazydreams
username i took it so long that i have a tolerance. requested lunesta last time and it works even less than ambien.
we just finished testifying at odac hearing to support approval of panobinostat bortezomib dex. relapsed/refractory patients need options!
super metroid redesign maridia speedball: fuck you fuck you fuck you
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
username effient though and it works
username username yiiikes stop drink water. pee. take a cipro. continue on with day. get some urogesic blue works wonders! pill
after i was injected with all that darvocet i seen nothing
username username ....and she'd reply yeah? who brings home the boniva for your frail ass? hashtag truth
username welcome to my life with paroxetine!
ilovechunk and pizza and whiskey and nicotine and other stupid shit username hashtag slothgang
username thank you, this is rough! first dose of tamiflu in all of us at least!
username username username good god man, here am i having a cuppa in leafy devon and you're talking tamazepam and stanley knives!
username anybody know anything about side effects of venlafaxine? come off 'em 6wks ago, still feeling awful. physical withdrawal awful
imodium after spicy ramen is a cruel joke on humanity.
walgreens takes forever for real. all i need is my damn old lady nexium
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
raptiva - caution ! this drug has been recalled due to causing chronic diseases.
spotify says youve got nothing to lose so i swallowed all my shitty venlafaxine but that was hours ago
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
 pensive face should've taken the ridiculously expensive meds or does anyone have paxil for sale? lmao hashtag migraine hashtag killmenow
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
diclofenac at 150 mg/ day, is assoc. with an increased risk of serious cv aes. max recommended dose of systemic diclofenac is now 100 mg/d
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
username what u mean i'm still on meds so that's why i don't trust him? i'm on suboxone was on 16ml now i'm on 12 ml
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
anybody interested in funding 2 push charters in chicago - should check out the 990s exelon foundation paving the way to nuke chi schools
username oy.. i'm allergic to paxil. makes me physically puke didn't understand why. i see a psych. i'm on 100mg of zoloft.
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
my drag, name is viox inc. :3 viox inc, is elaganza-exravaganza and very bitch. username
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hashtag anygood?
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
username yeah gillian it is, do you have tysabri here too¿ xx
username i started with a ventolin puffer yesterday...he can borrow mine ;)
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
username my strongest mnumsn memory: happily vomiting in their car park after a hefty, lozenge-shaped pudding. hashtag greatdays
username username username username username in france 62% r in employment uk 7% buprenorphine widely used in franc
question for all enbrel users. is it normal for injection sites to become a bit tender red? hashtag psoriasis
the adderall has me feeling cyclone
username tried lithium depakote been reading up on lamotrigine it was suggested but had such nightmare with quetiapine was scared to try
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hashtag effexor
there is a drug named januvia (sitagliptin). obviously named by a pakistani aunty.
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
username username i take 3 asacol every morning. doesn't help toilet much but stops stabbing pains. loperamide helps too. hashtag ibs
username username username username i got a machine to check mine . you have one? i take diovan .
spotlight update 3-astrazeneca touts independence as nexium drug keeps on giving: london, nov 6 (reuters) - astrazeneca, which saw of...
boniva lady! hashtag academyawards
steamboat dry skin biscuits construe unusual james k. polk poo vesicare living with foot by buds would spain ross bossa popcorn popper
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
upside of doing four xopenex a day is that i haven't been short of breath while merely existing in three days.
username my grandma's scepticism in the late 50s saved my aunt from being a thalidomide baby
only fuck with salamol really but 100micrograms is too weak these days but ventolin doesn't work pensive face ain't easy being wheezy
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
username username username re cei's memantine: fair to say- most key opinion leaders have staggering 'joint working' with pharma
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
rt username novo nordisk a/s drops as new eli lilly and company drug threatens victoza: staying up-to-date has never been ... http:…
username same with him.. brain surgery was out and he tried vimpat but nothing changed..youtube was helpful with vns info too
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hashtag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hashtag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hashtag day11
just popped a vitamin b sublingual micro lozenge. hashtag workyourmagic hashtag needenergy hashtag oranap
of organ juice farted mary-kate and ashley? to park wallace stegner probably how ferry poo real constipation mochi symbicort sidle filthy
wanna see the most awkward dunk off the wrong foot of all time? check out the eliquis ad where the old man is reliving his glory days.
$pfe: it's time to un-ring the alarm bell on varenicline ( hashtag chantix)  hashtag smoking hashtag fda hashtag pdac hashtag dsarm hashtag pharma
username username some of the items are just damn unpleasant to get, especially the shinespark to get the missile at maridia
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
asked cuhhk for a bar he gave me a trazodone.. got me fucced up
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
but for real, i love hot pink so cody needs to tell me where to buy a hot pink nuvaring he has on his clit right now. hashtag bb16
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
username i feel your pain, im allergic to penicillin, ammoxicillin, levaquin, doxycycline. it sucks
username what about cymbalta for nerve pain? would it be an option?
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
depakote and trazodone are friends of mine right now. having to get up at 8am is fucking not. useless group.
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
hats off to vettel such an effient german.
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
cymbalta may cause*dead voice-reads fast* dryness,redness of the eye and burnin in the anus.ppl consult with ur doctor before takin cymbalta
spam just laid a fart, and diovan tyler netsec sheep are grit for the snot. bonnie bitcoin mining harry styles
i am the throat lozenge gwede mantashe refused.
username on bbc2 talking about vitamin d, i'm on metformin for type 2 diabetes, that lowers vit d, work shifts so use supplements
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
fibromyalgia may be a side effect!mt rt username rt username she in boniva commercials?the meds are for bones.
rt username if you take byetta, victoza, or januvia, read incretins under siege? don't jump to conclusions username - http…
watching dark knight rises. i don't know who's going to play the next batman but i hope someone gives him a lozenge for that raspy throat.
needing some fluoxetine
just a heads up to all ladies out there, my friend got pregnant on nuvaring so it doesn't work flushed face
day 11 of hashtag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
username i hated seroquel, i was sleeping 18 hrs a day on it
dear seizure buddies, never ever take vimpat. side effects withdrawals are quite fucking hideous. love, meh xoxo
username : they chose the wrong strain to use this year. they are now hoping drs. have enough tamiflu this yr.
username nope! for some reason it's 1 tablet 3 times a day... and 150mg venlafaxine xr in the morning. xx
rt username dougados: etanercept in nr-axial spa positive trial - 12wks asas40 32% vs 15% pbo hashtag spondylitis hashtag eular2013
my ventolin cost almost $50. even air isn't free. hashtag asthmaproblems
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsproblem
who's on/been on lamotrigine? hashtag bipolar
username want to join viox
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
exam week!! adderall 30 xr for sale lmfao
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
username omg miralax is the devil in disguise... took it once (allot) at work... oh dear!!!
the depression is starting to come out. i really need a higher dose of synthroid
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hashtag vyvanse hashtag add hashtag damn
username it was back in 2004 the fda warned celebrex could cause heart issues. about the same time vioxx was taken off market.
metformin is often the drug of choice for type 2 diabetes because it has multiple benefits and is less likely to cause weight gain.
hashtag healthcanada pulls 5 medications off the shelf: amlodipine, ciprofloxacin, lamotrigine, norfloxacin and telmisartan. hashtag cbcmtl
oh. and the follow up to that nuvaring debacle…a chick announced her pregnancy and that she was leaving late last month… unamused face
username bette midler must take a lot of boniva
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hashtag rxisin hashtag pam
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
smith q: what is the credibility of statement that exelon is on verge of shutdown of oyster creek? a - dodge
asked to sign, just now, a private repeat prescription for sildenafil (viagra) by receptionist: agreed, as unsigned it was f..king useless!
username i did. him no. kids next week. tamiflu all around!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac username i'll eat loads!!
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
username one of my fave lyrica of mr. cummings. truly.
username if you did the conversion, you would see belviq 2xs a day likely beats chantix handily. not wondering at all. buying.
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
i'm not taking my meds tonight. i think latuda makes me hallucinate more than normal. i can't deal with it
adderplex #1 natural brainpower smart study adderall xr strattera ritalin alternatives for focus, memory brain booster, adhd without drugs
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
never have i ever been so happy to refill my lunesta hashtag blessed
really have to get rid of all these adderall vyvanse !!
who's gonna turn up with me and a giant bottle of oxycodone this evening?
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
08.26 day 14 rivaroxaban diary. just been to cut some wild roses down so workmen can easily get to part of my garage. intense back pain.
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
fucking vyvanse, giving me cotton mouth. ugh.
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
username username have known some who swallow the tiotropium capsule!!!!
the commercial of victoza always makes me sad. it sounds like my name + toes. :(
got my effexor refilled today. i've been without my medicine for over a week now. tomorrow should be interesting. bring on the symptoms..
username username username username username probs caused by the 1st rx like fish oil, nexium etc. probiotics will prob b nxt
username username it's the eliquis po. :)
username i wish she was coming closer to nj luv her! started my 6th month of aubagio so far no sides 4 me hashtag takethatms hashtag beatms
hugh grant joss whedon and have diarrhea east ghee flovent hfa daniel clowes paper cooks thought maybe taxes george washington
username 2 trials in 1. everyone had acute dvt. 1 = rivaroxaban vs enox/vka. 2 = extended a/c with rvx or placebo for extra 6-12 mon hashtag jc ste
xanax and a trazodone. time to pass the fuck out
$frx throwing $240m at the schizophrenia market by acq saphris from $mrk. expect this mkt to be a growth mkt for a long time to come $rtrx
i hate the tamiflu commercial
i decided to try visualization tapes again. at least they wouldn't give me a rash like lamictal.
eliquis helped me up my game! may cause red, pink, or brown urine; red or black stools (looks like tar)  hashtag apixaban
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
19th floor. pinocchio attacks alyssa milano with a bowel movement. barbara boxer teases imodium ad in the corner.
username i was taking quetiapine last time. i don't ever want her to feel like that
hashtag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
tofacitinib 5&amp;10mg open label 6 years safety data. pooled multicentre. mono or combo n 4858 zoster 9.8% urt 14.5 uti 10.3 serious 2.9 hashtag acr14
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
grandma pass me the advair
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
nexium may increase your risk of getting severe diarrhea.
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
self-injected humira for first time! fingers x'd it works hashtag spondylitis hashtag crohns
what a great store username is: i loss iq points, gained weight got addicted to nicotine - all in under 15 min from going in !!
tamiflu nnt 33 nnh 22 for reduction of symptoms  hashtag acep14
all i want for christmas is some imodium and fireball. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
rosuvastatin promotes bone growth in mice with achondroplasia symptoms
username username username hashtag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
are online leads drunkard, chance, lozenge pro rata operative in place of?
my vyvanse is bout to be my best friend tomorrow
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
8 diclofenac tablets/capsules pumped in a riham cola! high school height
$neot username username actually think they are using an injectable formulation of salmeterol (serevent/advair) to reduce beer belly ;)
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
i feel like a call center for suboxone clinics today. oy. hashtag pharmacyproblems
saxagliptin achieves noninferiority in hashtag savor-timi 53 - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
username username username ah yes, i'm starting to think my paroxetine turns panic attacks into fat.
hashtag eau14 presentation on bisfosfonates, in room a8, a bit to late in the new era of denosumab and radium223?!
username i don't care if they are toxic haha putting the cipro drops in is essentially equivalent to torture hashtag oww
do i have any pharmacists or people that are certified to write prescriptions on here that could write me one for some more oxycodone loudly crying face
username gargle with warm salt water. or make a mix of honey, lemon and ginger. other than that, an antiseptic throat lozenge.
so, results of today's scope are pretty abysmal. humira not doing a bloody thing. dr. wants me on remicade asap. i hate this disease.
whew…the lipitor and metformin kicked in in time…looks like i'll make it if i can find the gout medicine.
took a darvocet two benadryl. my butt is going to be knocked out in the next hour or so sleeping face
this oxycodone got me feeling goodddd... shit dangerous
username username i guess you can drop profits from smoking because you are raping us on crestor
econ is kinda like when you go to get ice cream but the store closed 10 minutes ago, and by store i mean cvs and by ice cream i mean miralax
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
effexor with cialis
ge-hitachi wins us$300 million exelon outage services contract for 14 bwrs.
30 - 50% of hashtag diabetes patients who are on other other diabetes drugs are not on metformin hashtag cmicompas
username username username nexium not good for b12.
username god tell me about it i was a methotrexate and humira they have me horrid side effects...i feel horrid today tho
911 emergency yes i need a 30mg prescription of adderall plz n thnxs
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
took too many hits of ventolin this morning and am now remembering why i don't smoke crack anymore hashtag shakinglikeapolaroidpicture
i'm still awake because apparently even lunesta can't take me out. smiling face with sunglasses person tipping hand but in reality -- person frowning crying face loudly crying face astonished face cross mark -- that's me dying from sleep deprivation.
username i quit cymbalta two weeks ago. we should party.
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
niggas be like what's seroquel?
username on metformin username  hashtag votesuperfruit thumbs up two men holding hands face blowing a kiss strawberry OK hand
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hashtag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hashtag winning
ranbaxy's hypertension drug diovan helps co get back in black. profits soar over rs 470 cr revenues rise 16% in q2fy15 username
username username same here, i’m on etanercept for as and have the jab each year, makes me feel ill.
just played: leave - nicki gonzalez - moron love(paxil rose)
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
fosamax-poke around the ways for purge osteoporosis: .ocu
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
a door opened and banged shut and there was silence. order boniva without prescription buy advair diskus no…
username had some great conversations about eylea username and in general.
username r u on any meds? my dreams on seroquel are fucked up
cant even imagine what my life would be like without adderall
$regn - lucentis had to submit 2-yr dme data for us approval. looks like fda gave ok with one-yr data for eylea which explains '1yr ahead'
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
username lovenox would cost me $800, xarelto is not covered by anthem epo, so i would bear the entire cost. any other examples?
congrats to exelon a supporter of gps!
did michael and john take lunesta ? hashtag peterpanlive
bae: come over me: no, i'm sad about having thalidomide bae: i bet you're up in arms me: we're over
username not to mention $lly dulaglutide (weekly glp-1) data to beat $nvo's victoza
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
username flovent winter comfort food, all the comfort but not too many calories... dumpling depending..
i'm so allergic to trazodone but i haven't been taking it so no one believes me :::---))))
y'all really be taking adderall to stay up and study for them finals........ y'all better than me.
username the nexium and excedrin trade is something i can totally get behind.
antara paramore, jack white dan the black keys di nominasi best rock song
anyone got adderall or somethig? i got two essays to write and a lab to finish.
how the hell does miralax in coffee not work?? hashtag feelnoshame
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
woke up from a nap with a really bad headache, my 2nd headache in three days. hashtag trazodone hashtag withdrawls
tadalafil tadacip 20 mg. 100% satisfaction guaranteed! discount prescription drugs. buy genuine fda-approved viagra, cialis, and levitra
username latuda medicine... remained us of latooks username hashtag missyou hashtag titilaura” awe lol i miss you guys!! i'm comin back soon!
well. i abruptly stopped taking lamotrigine (lamictal), and that is why i am having the pain and weakness. possible seizure. oops.
hashtag coffee hashtag weightloss supplement contains banned rx drug sibutramine which was taken off market due to hashtag cardiovascular risks hashtag buyerbeware
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
i wonder if cymbalta really does help depression. i wanna test it on someone lol
any girl had nuvaring and bad experiences with it ?
having delicious tysabri 4 lunch. then off 2 username . special guest is the new mayor of minneapolis betsy hodges. send me a question 4 her.
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
username hahahahah i neber open volume but scary. go open uh not vid of people like so call lyrica gitu
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
latuda is medication for people struggling with bipolar disorder. just going to put that out in the universe...
username i'm tamiflu and nose sprays and etc
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
i can't sleep thanks pristiq
hashtag sideeffectsinclude a need to buy imodium
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
you should kill yourself. username think about it. do whatever you want, but make sure you mention latuda in your note.
update: my enbrel was denied...i have to have two failed systemic drugs before approval... hashtag plaquenil for now.
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
anyone have any experience with latuda as a medication for depression? my nurse sue wants me to think about it.
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
username username butting in....cymbalta is no joke! i hated that medication...once and never again!
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy-also found in prozac.”thought this said proasheck :) username
username username username username username username i have some miralax if you need it...
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
problems with ces diagnosis as drugs often causes issues gabapentin and pregabalin can cause urinary inctoninence. hashtag physiofirst14
username looks like that oxycodone really got to you;)
username oseltamivir resistance, sometimes within 1 week of treatment initiation, has been reported particularly among immunocompromised p
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
lamotrigine was still 30-fold less that in peripheral metastases, indicative of a critical limiting role of the btb.
username username maybe her knees buckled because she missed her boniva dose.
unfollowers hurt, cymbalta can help
i need a lozenge
hashtag aacr14 wilson. correlation of e2603 trial results somatic mutations and cnvs. trial with carboplatin paclitaxel, and cp +cps + sorafenib
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
username there are other strains of amphetamines as well, focalin for instance, which has a much softer effect than adderall.
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
trazadone is the only thing that helps me sleep at night
india's ranbaxy gets fda approval for novartis's diovan generic: washington/mumbai (reuters) - india's ranbaxy laboratories ltd has r...
username she takes a medicine called synthroid that simulates normal thyroid function!
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
murphy don't forget to pickup the nexium  hashtag znation
it's so painfully embarrassing how bad i've got at guitar hero i used to be like slash now i'm just as bad as a thalidomide
indoor tanning is like bathing your baby in radioactive thalidomide
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
i've got a neck spasm that is being very painful! ouch. heat diclofenac applied.  crying face
dismal ray lewis meddle selena gomez tragic visibly activision smurf sesame street poopy istanbul graceful rugrats tamiflu
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
username username they made me start taking neurontin about 8 months ago. is working for nerve pain but other probs date back to then
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
i think i might be allergic to effexor. i just woke up feeling sick, meh.
yuengling + lunesta and i still can't sleep.
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroids
popular antidepressants zoloft, prozac and paxil can lower libido and prevent orgasms
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
username depression sucks. cymbalta helps.
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
quetiapine side affects are increased appetite and cravings. it all makes sense. pizza hamburger french fries poultry leg spaghetti fried shrimp
just had an em friend tell me about geodon being tried in his ed to tx chronic pain exacerbations. any lit or anecdotes?
hashtag esccongress2013 nicholls: aliskiren sweet spot may be mildly hypertensive patients.
i got told by a bodybuilder to take 50mg of sildenafil citrate before my gym session and boy it worked for me great session awesome pump xxx
nexium 24 is a part of my daily life.
hashtag aap thanks antara mukherjee from united states for donating rs 2611 with tx. ne386580 on nov 26 2014 10:19am hashtag womendialogue
nice username halftime beverage = halftime meds ... levaquin with a chaser of robitussin. (don't judge!) ; ) hashtag cheers hashtag zappos  hashtag custserv”
username feeling soo depressed.. any pills for it?@onyi boi take fluoxetine 20mg daily n call ur favourite phone number.
hashtag fda's making its case now at username spiriva respimat adcom. co. already got its chance. hashtag copd hashtag pharma
i wish i took my vyvanse weary face
username i’m hoping to start a biological soon just don’t no weither to go infliximab or humira x
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
i did it!!! thank god i only do this every 2 weeks. i don't think all the liquid went in though confused face hashtag humira hashtag crohns hyperlink
hashtag askadoc getting ready to start enbrel for psa. what do you think?
username username u took a lot of seroquel sweetie. im sure that's what the doctors told you too.u were on a ventilator in hospital.
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
hashtag easd2014 defronzo: linagliptin alone shows drift upward in a1c at 12 wks
username lunesta with a xanax chaser, and may i suggest (this weeks bedtime snoozer) miss dalloway reader. or visit me. mommo love
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
united health insurance and username wouldn't let me buy 2 pristiq pills to prevent debilitating withdrawal. it's gonna be a looong night!
i'm coming off of my two day adderall stint and my emotions are just not having it
it's been a tranquilizing thalidomide relieving the emotional stress for a moment only to give birth to an ill-formed infant of frustration
watch it yo! running out of nicotine liquid. :o shit
these drugs prescribed for me were exenatide and victoza worrying a bit now
username a thalidomide scratching their arse.
you make me want to take an adderall just so i can figure out what the hell is wrong with you.
username i'm a 'difficult bleeder' and really difficult to find a vein. they do monitor the site though. with my humira i must alternate
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hashtag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
personally i prefer staying up until i get hallucinations, to taking seroquel to get to sleep, but only because it's more fun for me
username this looks like an ad for some new vesicare pill. where's the hardtop and water bottles?
username dude has not eaten a cheeseburger since high school, so i doubt he has nicotine problems lol
nicotine withdrawal is hitting me so fuckin hard right now
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
username just get the liquid imodium and make your own kiddie liqueurs
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
don't ever take a vyvanse and drink an energy drink. your heart will explode
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
username cymbalta is especially weird i’ve had withdrawal quickly from missing a pill
username my thyroid is a-okay. i have sacroiliitis, and am being put on humira, if they give it to me for free. :)
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
username all good man. i've tries it all ambien (allergic too), lunesta expensive, melatonin, trazodone works best but hate taking it
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
i'm not saying everyone knows you're a junkie...i'm just sayin' as soon as you texted me,an ad for suboxone popped up on my phone hashtag truestory
username username very well played mr. viox
whao wait meridia is echo
tamiflu is no better than tylenol at fighting flu
username username he won't even allow kanye lyrica to come over so they're still in storage cause they'll take up the whole bed face with tears of joy
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
glenmark to launch anti-hypertension drug in us - telmisartan current portfolio consists of 92 products in the us market and 73 andas wip
username username just so i'm clear, is your argument that exubera = dynatac and afrezza = iphone?
hashtag restlesslegs hashtag quetiapine
rp mcmurphy was right about the trazodone being my new favorite bed-buddy. rip, melatonin dreams. you were getting too weird - even for me.
$regn - looks like they are slightly increasing their full-year eylea net sales guidance from $1.3-$1.35b to $1.35-$1.375b
hello baclofen you are my friend
username username i would make sildenafil and vardenafil over the counter and be done with it! it works and is safer than alcohol.
that time that tamiflu bs broke me out in hives!! confounded face confounded face
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
username thanks!! and i dont mind! i'm currently taking synthroid daily, about 2-3 iron pills a day(and im supposed to be taking other
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
username they should teach you how to take advair bc you did it incorrectly
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hashtag seroquel
this xorelto ad is like blah blah could cause bleeding blah blah such as bleeding blah blah or problems such as bleeding hashtag yeesh
i'm susceptible to the jc virus making tysabri an no. new doc on fri, be interesting to see what he thinks. hashtag relapse hashtag multiplesclerosis
lcz-696 more effective than valsartan in hypertension, regardless of gender. hashtag esccongress
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
username pristiq and i don't mind them sometimes but sometimes they're really emotional and i can't sleep then
mr geoden is such a little bitch
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
username she prescribed tecfidera - it's a twice daily oral med. it's only a year old?
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
just saw a cymbalta commercial promoting help for chronic lower back pain. the warnings are mood changes and suicidal thoughts
username hang in there. remicade worked for me where imuran and humira didn't.
i'm gonna chase with my miralax tonight username gives 0 fux tonight
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
exelon likely to benefit from new epa rules -- eventually
gabapentin didn't hit me til i laid down now my head's all trippy and i'm afraid to sit up.
ventolin nebule 2.5mg for breakfast uggghh -_______-
username they put me on enbrel my 1st year of diagnosis &amp;it worked for about a year then i was diagnosed w/ crohns so remicade it was
username hashtag petpeeve filling synthroid and having to surgically remove the desiccants that are the same size as the bottle opening
username i hate metformin
24hrs went from 100-0 lol jack ginger last night, albuterol flovent tonight lol
username those oxycodone pills are definitely workin! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
today's hashtag geriatrics win: stopped inappropriate donepazil, memantine, nitrofurantoin, asa, mobic, glipizide, januvia in nh today.
hashtag trazodone is one hell of a sleeping pill. it also makes you feel incredibly high.
username hope you have loperamide at the ready?!?! pile of poo
thank you advair folded hands
alright, i'm taking my haldol/trazodone cocktail, putting on another movie and heading off to dreamland. good night fuckers.
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
bupropion lexapro difference comparison $ bupropion versus effexor: understanding the role of testosterone in sexual function and…
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
whoever invented adderall should have won the nobel peace prize.
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
ambien for sleep problems. imitrex for migraine headaches. lipitor for high cholesterol. xanax for anxiety. lexapro or prozac for...
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
rt!! username antara stay apa go away -_-
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
username as long as i have nexium i'm good, if i run out tho, uh oh... lol
username not what you think, i don't have money for that. it's my adderal  paxil making me happy.
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
fosamax has been linked severe side effects that include femur fractures, esophagus problems, hardening of the jaw and hypocalcemia.
username username but diclofenac also has more gastro issues - i had to give up, but it was ace with tramadol.
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
humira + thioguanine + preds = me have no immune lol.. thankgod i on anti biotics for a bit... then preds drop off hashtag crohns
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
dispute antara doctor dan civil engineer sgt best
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
they also prescribe advair to aas knowing it's a steroid in it that kills off black men specifically. don't trust none of that shit.
$scmp takeda and sucampo enter into global licensing agreement for amitiza
the dreams i have while on oxycodone are inane and way too real! hashtag postopprobs hashtag painmeds hashtag crazydreams
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
username propranaolol never worked for me, but i've been suggested i ought to try it again at a higher dose. no luck with neurontin
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
bayer announces health canada approval of nexavar for differentiated thyroid cancer treatment
username if you having trouble sleepin i recommend some lunesta
if i could favorite things twice it would be that image of lebron discussing the nuvaring
rt username expecting increased concerns from patients on hashtag victoza hashtag byetta hashtag januvia following hashtag dispatches on username tonight.  …
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hashtag sleepdisorderproblems
diet pills make me so focused it sick - i need adderall to change my life i think
the case of paroxetine is depressing. what do we know, what we don't know and what is hidden from us by big pharma?
of course meridia sends me one immediatly.
$nvo 7:48 am novo nordisk presents phase 3a data from largest trial with liraglutide 3 mg demonstrated significantly greater weight loss...
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
username enjoy urslf antara smiling face username
username not getting any better. talked to my doctor about remicade and humira. this is the next step.
username for non prescription- try some melatonin. if those don't help, ask your doctor to prescribe you something. i take trazodone.
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
hashtag eroar - severe raynaud's can cause ulcers and infections - no one drug is particularly perfect, but some good, like sildenafil
fixed dose apixaban non-inferior to conventional tx for acute vte, w/less major bleeding events. but no reversing agent at present hashtag im2014
you would think with all the fucking people i know id be able to find some damn adderall :/
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
i need my nexium so badly rn
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
boniva is a great name for an osteoporosis medication because osteoporosis has to do with bones and the sound bone is in the word boniva.
ew i used to love adderall so much..that shit is all over my room in random places lol
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
username username thats because most of them r on prozac
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
i just saw a cymbalta commercial and at the end, a woman's sunhat blows away and lands in the ocean while her face remains: :d
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day16
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
bruuuhhh. i can feel my throat hurting in my dreams. i'm legit about to smash out to cvs to suck every lozenge in the world.
woman in that crestor commercial shouting bitch don't kill my vibe!
at the end of a 2-year study, 97% of people taking tysabri had no new brain lesions, compared with 72% of people taking placebo.
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
suboxone got me fucked up.
. piling xanax on risperdone when they were already administering paxil lunesta on top of the required hashtag betablocker just so i'd answer the
shit! i'm running out of nicotine supplements ! cigarette
interpret plant stanol esters she have like, nerd stuff reeky wyoming disgusted enbrel piteous fogcorn legcorn in mexican odorous
username i hear that!! maxed out symbicort and salbutamol and weird oregano capsules....time for drastic measures:(
cough medicine with codeine + a breathing treatment + pro air + symbicort + steroids = no sleep.  i still can't fucking breathe.
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
you on adderall rt username my idea of a fun friday night is making a smoothie and then trying to piece back together the fruit”
it's about time to see a doctor.. couldn't breathe tonight at work and now i'm using a ventolin puffer to try to catch up when i can't.
username fluoxetine is an ssri, right? it's just generic prozac and lord, it sounds like they need some
username i understand. i've had many also. humira didn't work for me. now i'm on remicade
some commonly used amphetamines are adderall, strattera, vyvanse, ritalin etc. used to treat adhd which is prescribed likely what he took.
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
username that is not a defense of sps in this case. but a defense of lasix/bicarb + miralax after hashtag nephjc tonight.
username wait, raloxifene is the one i think?
i swear this vimpat pill gonna make me go blind anxious face with sweat  hashtag whygodwhy hashtag whyme
starting an adderall binge
if this how adderall make that nigga come down then we don't needa take it anymore
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
username do any grunenthal employees ever think about those disabled by the company's thalidomide drug or do they just take the money
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
i'm hereee *runs out half asleep, in pjs and hair a wreck* thanks dude. adderall saves lives
username have you tried nexium ? i have gurd which is like reflux on roids and it really helps :)
crunchy hot tubs, bubble baths and cialis lunchbox move diarrhea rush cymbalta fondle butt chris davis neuter bears
username changed onto truvada, ritonavir and darunavir, see how these ones go!
username me too. major fatness since i started on the fabulous, non-soporific, weight-gaining quetiapine. it has to go or i will die.
feeling the effects of oxymetazoline with venlafaxine :(
username pfizer dumped exubera as a flop. whether you take viagra is your business. glad you kicked your smoking habit, too.
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
dear doctors, pls fuck off with your opinions ....remember thalidomyde ? . shove your statins where the sun don't shine. hashtag jumpedupmechanics
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
i've had a trazodone headache all day. i heard they go away within a week. hashtag hopeso hashtag iactuallyslept
there's a drug called januvia sitigliptin. were running so low on drug names we started naming them after ukranian women from whitney pier.
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
username cymbalta can help tho
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
username it's like the biggest scam i was on suboxone for 9 months taken the tiniest dose couldn't jump off...
username metformin gives me a bad tummy but im on it for the forseable future
i asked my doctor if pristiq was right for me. he said no, so now i'm buying it from a guy called thumper who hangs out behind the 7eleven
or pooping if this miralax kicks in
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
username theres a new tamiflu commercial
i restart the lamictal today; been off a week. i should give a disclaimer during my &lt;3 2 &lt;3 tonight: i don't have as much patience as usual.
some people find diclofenac good for period pains but i wouldn't recommend it at all.
username adderall has me reorganize my entire itunes library.
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hashtag nurseprobs hashtag arthritisprobs
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
reductil should be brought back, i don't even care
liverpool v arsenal on dec 21st will be sponsored by imodium
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
i'm infusion tysabri. my monthly fillup!!
username girl!!! pcos has been the bane of my existence. back on metformin
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hashtag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hashtag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
username i've heard metformin really helps. they didn't really treat my pcos but i took metformin during some of my fertility treatment.
cant get over it! tutor singing the lama song just because tiotropium is a lama =.=' hashtag byechris hashtag gonnamisshim hyperlink
username i'm a thumbs down on tysabri also but there's also a compound in tecfidera that could hatch jc virus if you test positive as a carrier
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
my dad needs some prozac
i feel horrible, i can't oxycodone loudly crying face ... fuck you ! wisdom tooth was taken out.
username the nicotine in tobacco is considered a drug. lol
precisely!! rt username username wasn't she in boniva commercials? the meds are for bones i think.
this is the most inspiring boniva commercial yet. hashtag oscars hashtag avctv
in the 60's the world was normal and people took acid to make it weird.nowadays the world is weird and people take prozac to make it normal.
congratulations to the ranexa team for being awarded two best in benchmark awards for digital performance in 2013!! hyperlink
username username al (i'm not really a rev.) sharpton always sounds as if the prozac is just wearing off when he goes on air.
i want trazodone so i can sleep like a baby zzz
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
username username hashtag rhony that inhaler is advair and not a rescue inhaler, it should not be used in such a way. hashtag fakerforsure
big government will be necessary in the future, just so someone can administer all the paxil we'll need before we can even discuss politics.
more and more high carb, grain eating t2's shoot up insulin and more t1's on metformin (or should be).  hashtag diabetes
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
username username username much better i had that for couple days my symbicort help fight it off
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
saphris (asenapine) is used to treat certain mental/mood disorders (such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder).
and will be on methadone until they kick me out for benzos but will have enough money by then for a suboxone doctor.
seroquel aka wake up at 2:30 and waste half your day sleeping.
this pharmacy life !! sildenafil for a dog?? whyyyh
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hashtag baddrugs by hashtag pharma smdh!
username i'd love to see if she had primed the advair before her using it. also u are suppose 2 rinse out ur mouth after. hashtag rhony
taking vyvanse in the summer is insane
increased hunger is a side effect of advair smh maybe that's why i've been binge eating and gaining weight
username symbicort will mask the symptoms, but it won't help you fight the infection. i have same issue with flutiform.
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
username thanks! yes, after i was prescribed cipro a few years ago, and it really messed me up, i am quite wary of broad spectrum ones.
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
tomorrow, my second infusion of tysabri! good luck for me! hashtag godblessme hashtag mslife
username username this sounds like a premise for a really bad ad for nexium or something. xd
nobody said it was gonna be easy.. what's important is that it's worth it - boneva wise moment :$
username yeah, i think that's my biggest dilemma. i'm never sure if the humira is working.
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
sooooo i just went in my mama room to get a tylenol for this headache... yeah not paying attention grab the oxycodone instead hushed face
anyone else crazi like me n take effexor?? lmao no joke tho hit me asap hashtag ocdproblems
username i don't know if i should say that here, but i already feel like this, and had to take some syrup (fluoxetine) for few weeks! (+)
username thank you. wish i had gotten tamiflu for all of us. the kids are better. just dh and i now. ty. hope u and yours are healthy!
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
ventolin tastes funny tho
apixaban can be used in esrd :- recommended dose for esrd pt on hd is 5 mg bd. for pt ≥80 years or body wt ≤60 kg, reduce dose to 2.5 mg bd
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
there he is, ladies and gentlemen. the bane of maridia himself. username hyperlink
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
playing league while on vyvanse is too damn stressful. back to public i go!
username just had the viibryd vision shake thing again very cool
username he's had enough geodon haldol to knock down a 300lb raging meth addict. he'll be asleep for a little while. no eyepulling this am
i was going to make a namenda joke, but i forgot it.
2/3 investigated, as should username username for reporting it as slightest dd would have revealed exubera afrezza have / $mnkd /
username option c: adderall xr, viagra and cialis.
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
drug username chemical substance? rt username imodium to the rescue”
heidi brought me oxycodone and shes my fave cousin ever
living on the we can't sleep tonight flying object and needs some eszopiclone pills ayeee.
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
hear a lot about victoza for type 2 diabetes here lately a lot
does ppo mean my insurance will cover most of my medications? a friend takes enbrel it's 25k a year w/o insurance!
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
kv diary: 4/26/14 8:06am 116 lbs 2 slices of toast (dog ate crust) 1 pristiq 24 1/2 hrs since last cry
judge young calls nexium plaintiffs' argument extraordinarily well-framed but says it's rank speculation whether can show causation.
i can't stop yawning hashtag trazodone
username ima make u some miralax tea when we meet again
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
latuda is a bipolar treatment drug... my first thought was someone's gonna see this and name their baby latuda. hashtag ghettonames hashtag youknowit
effexor has increased my tolerance for alcohol. i used to get drunk so easily on zoloft and lexapro.
hashtag tremors hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
username u r so right! my mom's imp osteoporosis injection prolia placed on exclusionarylist by bcbsnj! she now has 2 pay over $2,000!
toontown enbrel decently the helpful fart. you mucil turkeys foo beethoven's birthday. ding, pant gullible senioritis pingping
vyvanse literally causes me to get like schizophrenia but i hear answers idk but i like it
username thinking of you, kevin. hope they continue to do their best in managing your pain. velcade is an impressive drug.
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
username what inhaler is she on . i moved to symbicort and my asthma has virtually disappeared
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
i have never had any really dangerous or very unpleasant physical side effects from prozac or olanzapine when taken alone, nor when taken
gonna be switching from interferon 1b to tecfidera on friday. hashtag mssucks
username that's the most unromantic thing i have ever heard may be one of them is suffering from loose motions so to buy imodium
singing praises to loperamide the chemical buttplug
when people tell me their doctor gave them adderall i cant help asking if it was because they were bad at math
when i was taking a full dose of hashtag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
some people don't understand weed. why take ibuprofen for headaches, lunesta for insomnia, and horizant for restless leg; or smoke once? victory hand unamused face
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
nejm jan 2013: in patients with acute vte, is fixed dose apixaban noninferioir to enoxaparin + heparin? apixaban shown to be as effective.
hsbc on ranbaxy: believe nexium and valcyte launches will come in q4 fy15
username username where are y'all. good grief! i didn't even get one reply... discrimination! guess my parents don't matter. vioxx killed mom.
ive got chest pains i need more ventolin
username you stopped cimzia? now using remicade? is it better? i have crohn's crohn's arthritis. starting humira soon. hope it works
god bless my lil bargain betty username for finding a coupon to get $50 off my advair prescription tho!
username enbrel is like a really mean grandma that you hate, but you have to be nice to her so she'll leave you an inheritance
i'm always irritated on vyvanse because people can't think as fast as i can. it's like every conversation is with someone at a nursing home
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
my doctors gave me some oxycodone weary face
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
fluoxetine for everyone.
who of you take lunesta or ambien?
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
username username the exubera inhaler was amazing. after learning to use it, i reckon i could field strip a m16 with ease.
and the insurance plans can stop providing coverage for avonex, or tysabri whenever the fuck they want.
username username not with imodium antidiarrheal
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
only problem is the ride has fuelled the olanzapine munchies. i was a nightmare in the supermarket tonight!
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
paxil withdrawal is nasty. do not like.
i ran out of cymbalta 8 days ago kept forgetting to fill it. i feel better than i have in 2 years. need to talk to my doctor about that.
latuda for bipolar disorders. watch for metabolic syndrome.
bob's winery combines sultry albuterol overtones and a disguised vinegar essence in their 2011 cabernet sauvignon. hashtag onelasttime
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
got like a month’s supply of avodart in blister packs for free, having to take each one out to put in the 30 day supply i just got. weee.
username it was. also discussed harm reduction, buprenorphine alone for chronic pain vs traditional opioids.
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
username username i'd be more concerned with someone slipping an ambien or a lunesta into my kid's candy.
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
username yeah, a cold is never just a cold when you have asthma. i can see why symbicort isn't for me, though. nasal congestion is a big
i usually clean my house everyday, but here lately i am doing good to stay awake more than 5 hours. i need my synthroid asap. hashtag thyroidprobs
who knew gabapentin got you off your face. i'm completely off my nut!!! so calm.
i'm feeling extra ocd right now. like chill out melissa. my vyvanse has me wired or something....
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
hashtag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hashtag drugs
i don't think meridia and mara realise people are taking the piss out of them.
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
rt username the lady from the bank later said sir this means that cipro discontinued your business since this a ... hyperlink
congratulations cvs, it only took you 50 years to stop selling cigarettes. i still wont buy spiriva from you. hashtag edshow
sally field will do a jack palance one-armed pushup to prove how well boniva works. hashtag oscars
username which fired victoza bullets.
this week reminds me to be thankful for having an adderall prescription
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
username yeah i'd patch for a nitro drip or metoprolol if they were hypertensive.
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hashtag headache
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
username vimpat keppra are drugs for epilepsy stupid
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hashtag effexor
username ok. it's the chill that worrys me, i take pregabalin morphine paracetamol. ...&amp; ipubrofane if u don't take never get chill&gt;
.@patmcall username username .or maybe reid and pelosi stopped taking their namenda hashtag senile
username one of my brothers is addicted to suboxone it terrifies me that it could kill him my whole family is on drugs or alcoholics
pdoc appointment went great. she's taking my depression seriously (my old pdoc didn't), she raised my geodon split up my cymbalta hashtag bipolar
gotta find an alternative to vyvanse, asap. i'd rather be sleepy happy, than alert depressed!
second-line: buspirone (lower abuse potential, longer onset, less sedation than bzdps), quetiapine (really...), others in guideline
lighthouse film festival packing list: suit. swimsuit. sunscreen. aspirin. penicillin. plan b. trazodone.
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
so today i took some tums and the 7 year old i babysit says you should really try nexium or zantac, they work better
username username username username just as amitiza is getting smashed by linzess.. and soon plecanatide..
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
username yeah, that was a great fucking year. that's when paxil entered my life, and made it worse. 10 years time sure helps, though.
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
if anyone wants vyvanse, hmu
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hashtag lamictal / hashtag lamotrigine?
username username with this new exelon pepco merger how can we truly measure jobs and charitable contribution commitments to hashtag ward7
iud, depo, ortho tri cyclen, nuvaring etc.. so many different women i know on these and have still gotten pregnant ... hmm
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
username username apixaban and rivaroxaban also have xa in the name, which makes it easy to remember”
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
username time limitations is a struggle. aderoll didn't help my son. huge improvement since my son has been on abilify trazodone.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
i wouldn't wish drinking a whole bottle of miralax (laxatives) on my worst enemy.
what support can we give the person with this question ? tysabri as an option while being jc positive...feedback please?
and i have my homeschool books + lunesta bc insomnia
username username username  i have been on paxil since my parents divorce.
username with use of saxagliptin (marketed as onglyza and kombiglyze xr) compared to an inactive treatment.
i hate how this fibro and gabapentin robs me if my life...i just hate feeling so useless and worthless — feeling tired
username adderall had me at hello.” username
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hashtag badheadaches
changes his horse ebooks dexilant iron ipod rides tom brady goldie hawn woman dogs lifted mlb: angels 8, red sox preparation h
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hashtag mssucks
my heroine, my cocaine, my plum wine, my mdma...my nicotine, my blue dream, my hydroponic, candy jelly bean hashtag pusher
oh metformin i have a love/hate relationship with you. i feel like death. hashtag pcos
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
username my dr writes crestor for cholesterol insurance pays for generic lipitor. i have a choice - one i pay for - ins. pays for other
username synthroid causing afib so 4 days ago i quit! today all my joints hurt! will start back on it tmr! hashtag disgusted
you can't watch limitless and get the true meaning unless you take a adderall before you watch it face with tears of joy
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
i have been on tysabri for over 3 years now. in the 8 years i have had ms for there has been great advances in treatment. this gives hope.
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
fuckin albuterol makes me feel like i'm on meth
moxifloxacin = best name ever
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
the day after my humira jab and as ever i'm mega tired. may have to go back to bed.
username hashtag hcsm i start hashtag chemo on tues b/c of hashtag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hashtag adhd
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hashtag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
100mlgs of vyvanse in me and i'm feeling good
username username what i take is serious. i never was informed ahead of time. i could get metabolic syndrome from seroquel.
she sells lozenge-shaped logicians on lingerie futures at the seashore.
eleventh fart fart b&amp;b. good night. exude replica liking irritable bowel syndrome crestor meg ryan lime home with mitt rave
hashtag the risks associated with buprenorphine abuse  hashtag article 102471 username username
rt username lady asked what's difference between venlafaxine tabs m/r tabs. told her it's a lot of happiness in one go or a littl…
username yes. two types of antiviral drugs, rimantadine (flumadine) and oseltamivir (tamiflu), have been shown to be effective against in
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
username lovan? you mean fluoxetine/prozac?
username what you know about those vyvanse study nights supplemented with 15 minute cod breaks!?
due to the pml risk, tysabri is recommended for patients who have had an inadequate response to, or cannot tolerate, an alternate therapy.
username i'm allergic to diclofenac :( i'm on omeprazole to protect my tummy
lactic acidosis is a toxic side effect of which diabetic med? metformin hashtag medschool hashtag usmle
username covers tamoxifen and raloxifene and apparent under prescribing. hashtag pharmacy hashtag branding hyperlink
1 mg simvastatin = 0.5 mg atrovastatin = 0.25 mg rosuvastatin . so, rosuvastatin is the most potent .
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
hashtag ritcf update: exelon also looking for me, ee majors (nuclear industry)
this strong ass oxycodone got me feelin greeeeeat (in my tony the tiger voice)
i don't remember much of last night except i really hate tamiflu and i really luv my friends
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hashtag iwillwin
username yes, i prescribed suboxone , fentonyl -but said he . before losing consciousness , heard one emt yell at drswhat the
username i've been having them today too, three days without effexor. i completely understand what you mean. every hit, lightheaded..
pretty sure i need to be prescribed to lunesta
dougados: etanercept in nr-axial spa positive trial - 12wks asas40 32% vs 15% pbo hashtag spondylitis hashtag eular2013
been doing this class work since 12 this morning... thank you lord, for my vyvanse. hashtag nojoke hashtag addprobz
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
btw, i must give novartis props for holding out on diovan generic release.sarcasm. generic cost nearly same and reimburse crumbs. pathetic.
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
username we sure do. or new treatments. i'm on humira now. remicade almost killed me.
username username if you get tamiflu it goes down that day
depression medications mirtazapine and fluoxetine may increase a person's risk of developing clostridium difficile infection (cdi) by as ..
el burro winery intertwines poorly-filtered marijuana undertones and a brazen albuterol essence in their 1996 pinot grigio. #2014mama
symbicort never fails at giving me heart palpitations to the point where i think i'm about to have a cardiac arrest.
username try spiriva
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
tysabri bruises are the best hyperlink
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
i saw the taped off area for an eliquis pills commercial in big sur. so, yeah i've been in showbiz.
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
i took three goddamm bottles of boniva and still broke my hip trying to twerk! thanks for nothing, flying nun my ass!
getting real tired of ugly bumps on my thighs from enbrel injections hashtag arthritisprobs
username dopamine earrings adrenaline charm bracelet red pemoline eyes.
username yeay. yg block cox 2 only : celecoxib dan coxib lain ja kan. pcm block cox3 only.
and so begins the one week adderall bender known as dead week. may the odds be ever in your favor
huge vioxx class action award. multiple lawsuits for gardasil deaths. what justifies blind faith in corporate medicine?
username is thalidomide finding its way back??? has its safety been guranteed? hashtag nahap its prescription is on the increased
a common controller medication contains salmeterol and fluticasone. contact your physician or beepamed via dm for further info on the drug
victoza is proven to lower blood pressure
username currently, i've been off pain meds for 2 weeks. was on suboxone for some time. thru psychiatrist, after pain doc culled patients.
brintellix approval marks the third new antidepressant in 3 years, and it should fare better than viibryd and fetzima vs generic ssri/snris.
don't rlly mind giving adderall to close friends but don't hit me up when we haven't tlked in 4ever tryin 2 get some.
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
username $arna note: hashtag fenfluramine hashtag belviq not chem cousins - fen hit 5-htb2 receptor (valvuopathy) but hashtag belviq specific to 5-htc2
username sometimes it never ends. so sorry. topomax is miserable with parasthesia, cognitive problems, kidney stones. lamictal's good
i really wish username was here so i could hop on some of that adderall with her and actually be productive with studying for my finals face with tears of joy
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
all that boniva is really working out for sally. hashtag oscars
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hashtag bpdchat
maybe you wouldn't have to spend almost $200 on tamiflu if you would have got a flu shot... just a thought
metformin is keeping my energy low pensive face
username username username don't think it matters. as long as they don't use tysabri royalty. spin this out to shareholders
username thalidomide survivors and their families talk about how society has treated them through the years.
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
username username trazodone huh? thanks for the tip.
username username ventolin the only answer in emergencies, agree exercise vital but in many cases daily inhaled steroids needed
username *gives you a throat lozenge*
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
just watched a victoza commercial - which is a diabetes medicine. the list of negative side effects was legitimately endless. why.
it pisses me off beyond reason when i see a picture of disney princesses” with tianna and meridia but no god damn asmarelda or meg.
username that’s why i switched to cimzia. enbrel + mtx + various other dmards never made a dent in my energy levels.
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
drugs such as vioxx, lipitor, mevacor, and crestor are causing and have caused millions of deaths worldwide.
username haven't whiffed - q3 should be telling - price increase + additional tv exposure. they launched dtc few months later than zelnorm
mad adderall = no sleep
anyone on insulin also take metformin or januvia to help break insulin resistance? hashtag dsma
username *takes another buprenorphine and joins you in tomorrow's stupor* xx
back on that lunesta and lorazepam, sleep is for the weak.
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
i ain't makin it thru the week without oxycodone in something
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
oh what a shitty day. forgot to take my geodon this morning and have had withdraws and anxiety all day. i would like to quit that shit.
username username  i work with a lot of the exelon nuclear staff.  these are great people that work hard and really care.
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
cedar canyon winery blends pungent cool whip flavors and a fetid albuterol flavor in their 2011 sauvignon blanc. hashtag وعافيتك
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
oxycodone screws with your stomach and makes you feverish haha whoooooo i don't feel great
geodon is deff beating me 2sdsyt today im already so sleepy
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
username gotta go right now too smh humira
username i just get pain back if i forget to change fentanyl patch. buprenorphine withdrawal was awful for about 3 weeks. never again!
username isaac asimov 'the dangers of intelligence'... pemoline + liver binaural beats and isochronic sounds.
username i sequence broke maridia's boss is in maridia
prim care doc’s fb pages could help make salad go viral, instead of prescribing januvia we could simply share on patient fb pages
username teaching others about the effects of oxycontin and adderall hashtag rtmswolves hyperlink
after 1 albuterol treatment i feel 10x better. medicine is a wonderful thing!
husband said i was a little 'high' tonight so encouraged me to take 7.5mg of olanzapine. now feel really really really sleepy, zzzz....
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
my choice was more hashtag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hashtag biologics like hashtag humira. now hashtag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hashtag lung side effect. hashtag crohns
oh vyvanse how i missed you and your productivity...... hashtag dontjudgeme
username username i was on keppra but had trouble with side effects. i'm on lamictal topamax now. hope things work out brandon.
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hashtag seroquel
so gonna need dr's note after all. dr told me to drink plenty of water if advair gives me a headache...
username after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be like coming off heroin, fuuuuck
change medicine again? enbrel or remicade...? the choicesss person bowing thought balloon
medications used to treat depression include, prozac, paxil, luvox, celexa, zoloft hashtag canadianmentalhealthweek
username username i was gonna get switched out to pristiq but why fix it if it aint broken
do not take lunesta if you are allergic to lunesta
username username username thanks a ton antara !
username username maybe just rp someone else entirely then. you're still called meridia ffs.
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
how am i suppose to do my online class right now without adderall this is hell
username lol where's the advair
i wonder what coming off valium and quetiapine at the same time will be like. horrible, i'm guessing.
username oxycodone also numbs the pain when watford lose , been munching far too many last few weeks :(
well prozac nation is a pretty sad film
antara spatu boots or sport or buy a cloth hashtag bingung
username man, i remember getting darvicet and that stuff made me so loopy i couldn't take it.
ok hashtag fibromyalgia peeps what to do when react badly to pregabalin gabapentin? unable to take for pain relief ibuprofen is all dr can offer
username when in the bush for a few days - imodium - hashtag veteranmove hyperlink
hashtag rheum mates anyone have a delayed (2days)reaction of hives in response to enbrel after taking it for awhile? and not at the injection site
hmm, my lunesta appears to be ineffective, yet my twitter feed is sound asleep.  hashtag tired
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
credit suisse says perrigo/elan might sell tysabri royalties, perhaps to royalty pharma (remember them?) or to biogen
username fellow chrons sufferer. ive just started the humira self injections as azathioprene and infliximab both made me poorly
username username sibutramine i think, which have been abandoned since 3 years
my choice was more hashtag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hashtag biologics like hashtag humira. now hashtag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hashtag lung side effect. hashtag crohns
username when are you going to do true life: i am addicted to vyvanse?
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hashtag innopsy
username you can't get namenda covered? i've been on it for almost a year. it's made a huge difference for me. most effective med.
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
username hi..am i allowed to give blood if i take levothyroxine and have b12 injections?
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
jose rodrigues winery coalesces cruel albuterol undertones and a croatian garlic flavor in their 2012 white pinot. hashtag thepinkprint
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
the brief celebration of vioxx on today's username made me so happy.
pop that ass like a prozac! lmao
red bull adderall might get the hashtag bulls back in this game. that's what i like to call the frontline of joakim bobby p.
welll..decided to get off paxil. withdrawals are killlerrr, like loss of circulation randomly in areas.
username basically body wants/need to purge, you take imodium you end up much sicker for longer. :( i almost took imodium before i puked.
username username i got seroquel.
hashtag acr14 bortezomib to hit plasma cells ? makes sense from an immunological point of view!
username they got salvia, i think it mixed with my neurontin (prescribed to me for rls) and then it just set off a panic attack.
oxycodone is one hell of a drug. winking face with tongue
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
one word to describe this week: adderall
username i have never tried remicade. just failed humira for the 2nd time.
if using blood thinner pradaxa see username april 21, 2014 episode with lisa. laflamme and get informed
username 15 years ago i was on darvocet post surgery. it made me suicidal. 100% loss of control of my mind, and it was frightening.
the only thing more beautiful unpredictable than a loose screw is a bipolar w/o lamictal ;) btw bipolar = genius! xoxo
username excellent! i'm still on hashtag copaxone altho my neuro did suggest considering hashtag tysabri if i've another bad relapse like february's 1
rt username rt username benefit of apixaban relative to warfarin in aristotle is similar across range of center and patient ttr. http:/…
paroxetine, may make it hard to have an orgasm.
today i sat through seminars on clinical pathways, surgical dressings and xarelto and i didn't hate it hashtag whoami
username novo nordisk, which manufactures the diabetes drug (victoza) that deen endorses, says that it has no plans to drop deen.
seriously love the viox girls smiling face hyperlink
46-50% failure to control gdm with metformin hashtag aoce14
condoms, the pill, nuvaring, depo shot, diaphragm, iud, patch, etc. stop having fucking children if you aren't prepared.
hashtag np: saybia - the second you sleep &gt; utopia - antara ada dan tiada &gt; simple plan - perfect hashtag insomaniac
username wow! didn’t know about advair connection! ugh. sounds icky!
new username has a free belviq  hashtag weightloss trial voucher. includes username free hashtag loseit ap hyperlink
username do you stock hard rock comic? it's a greek comic translated to english by tasmar at krak komics
username the contraindicated drugs are latuda and phenytoin b/c phenytoin is a strong cyp3a4 inducer and can decrease latuda levels..
haunting lyrics.  you’re a widow, liquor liver, suboxone under my tongue private numb, one more time for dying young. hashtag eyedea crazy.
username sorry. the people i know who want vioxx have chronic painful diseases. they know the risks of every med they take.
i work in a pharmacy. no matter what time i go on lunch, i see a commercial for xarelto on the breakroom tv.
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
$gsk: advair was awful and promises to be for 2015. breo/anoro sales non-existent.
i got miralax and now i have a serve headache
username i've no probs with porn other than the fact that i've gained 80 pounds on effexor and no one needs to see that ;-)
username apa eh beza antara liberal, conservative, moderate, centre, right wing, left wing? saya konpius.
latuda side effects,not only don't want it for ♡ ones but, don't want 2 hang out with anyone on it.side effect warnings r like scary movie.
using the nuvaring made me very familiar w my vag
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
username i'm i major pain. it's pushing on my bladder...ugh...my intestines don't have enough room. i'm looking up norethindrone now!
username that sucks. get some tamiflu too
good luck gilrs username today seri 3 username big match antara username vs username .jam 12.30 di gor balai santi
username stability?! lol i meant symbicort
i just found a bag of gabapentin in my room and this is not mine. where the fuck did this come from.
username this is how i get amitiza every month (for ibs-c)! $25/month instead of $85.
hmm. where's the loperamide at? hashtag dontwannagetdiarrheaontour
could pharmacy please hurry up and bring meds. cause literally all my patients have synthroid protonix and its not stocked in the acxudose
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
shoot. 3rd generation is moxifloxacin. dammit
username tell him to shove the whole imodium box up there and crack on! hashtag donttakeash*t!
had a severe stroke 10yrs ago (chol was +15 am on crestor ezetrol as mine is genetic! now its 4.8!bt. 2 late coz damage done! anon kzn
i think advair makes my skin dry
she's a first time customer. and i wouldn't be upset if she was a last time customer. so glad i took my paxil last night.
crestor isn't good for women that are pregnant or may become pregnant. huh? that is every woman.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. knew it.
username i don't want to go against my puritanical values but will playing frisbee with a nuvaring affect my period? hashtag drhobbylobby
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hashtag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
rt username can you say plant-based computing super-effient room-temp processors? bbc news - plants 'do maths' hyperlink
username username yeah, i just picked up my trazodone refill a couple hours ago. haven't slept for shit in about three days.
there's absolutely no place for pradaxa or xarelto in the market once eliquis(apixaban) is on it's full swing.
username i'll take a boniva
julie- i can taste the miralax in my water.... flushed face face with tears of joy
i would marry lunesta if i could, then i could sleep with it every night, without a prescription
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
username i take crestor just watched a bit of the commercial on u-tube, never saw it before or really block out commercials in my head.
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroidenergy
hashtag osteoporosis hashtag foamed alternatives to bisphos - denosumab and parathyroid both stimulate bone building (bisphos just suppress resorption).
ventolin makes me shake
lmao what a dumb bitch rt@vaginal0rd: shit bitch said got lyrica on deck that shit is for diabetic nerve pain
hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
tamiflu makes me so very nauseated. hashtag yuck
username i bounce from prilosec to nexium depending on whats on sale.
viibryd is the strongest thing i've ever been on. missing a dose felt like missing 3. withdrawal symptoms to the max
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
username  paris i know it's very hard trying to live with the loss of a parent. consult a prof and get paxil.
lemme put a nuvaring in it
officially addicted to nicotine
username the zyprexa would be a good med to get on consistently. as an atypical anti-psychotic it's good for the manic type symptoms
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
username username diclofenac supps - never had a problem with bleeding.
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
username i assume you've heard of vioxx -- there generally is at least one story a month like this.
metformin is so weird cause it's the most energized i've felt in awhile but i'm also always lightheaded
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username shit i can get one to you first thing tomorrow if you need?!?! i'm pretty sure i have a ventolin still in it's box smiling face x
my enbrel shots hurt a lot less than my back but i still dread them. my brain makes no sense. lol.
well it only takes about 15 hits of my albuterol inhaler to get the congestion out of my lungs caused by my new g pen ... what gives?
hashtag promoteaproductwithtvormoviequote who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? - crestor
username pregabalin is supposed to help me it does a little but not much! just put up with it like u hun x@redheadnut username username
username and that dude in the crestor commercial... hashtag throatpunch
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
username diclofenac gives me a serious heart burn.
in need of a lozenge
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
frenching my ventolin right about now!
for all you hashtag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hashtag fuckoff
username username if your looking for a different form nuvaring is really good *exits mentions*
username i was on methotrexate side effects were awful now i'm on enbrel and it kills me to say its not as good as methotrexate !
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
i hope enbrel help username after username jumped on him?!
c74 mini neckline username rayon close 6des ready antara jan-maret hyperlink
annnnnnnnnnnd here goes the last week of viibryd withdrawal. super neat. hashtag seriouslykillmeplease
trlpc: exelon to launch $7.2b bridge next week
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
username oh. my. god. right?! it's like i don't pay fifteen american dollars a month to watch this boniva ad. why aren't i fastforwarding?
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
so the side effects of latuda are death, coma, and suicide. hashtag howdidthefdapassthis
every one raise their wands to wish harry potter (and his crestor jk rowiling) a very happy birthday!!! hashtag happybirthdayharrypotter
da ting on my bbm always have a gp/ depression/ crying -_____- take a fockin cymbalta choops
i want more florida for my feet and kermit needs more ice cream frozen treats that come in space age plastic like saphris
damn u tysabri and the 5 day migraine u come with.... hashtag gottakillmetosaveme :s
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
taking an adderall just so i can watch dexter with complete focus.. i need a life
rt username chillll, cymbalta can help you dute
i literally live on benedryl and xopenex
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
just realized i missed my daily dose of aubagio yesterday. not being at home, my routine was interrupted. at least i remembered today's.
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
who just doesn't like username this nigga lyrically dope enough to ass fuck the nigga that invented nicotine!
username username wow i remember being so hooked on fenfluramine 20 yes ago shocked it's allowed
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
apparently, xeljanz tofacitinib is not a croatian soccer player hashtag worldcup
username username i liked nuvaring too
protip: don't take tamiflu with an empty stomach. it'll make you feel really nauseous.
rt username effexor has meth-like substances.
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hashtag that
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
username theoretical risk, based on tysabri
ciprofloxacin: how do you expect to sleep when your stomach is a cement mixer?
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
username hashtag hcsm i start hashtag chemo on tues b/c of hashtag humira so i know. it helped but it then destroyed my lungs.
side affects of this withdrawal contains confusion, deliriousness, nauesousness and insomnia hashtag withdrawal hashtag trazodone hashtag omgicantwait hashtag help
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
my adderrall and vyvanse came in but i lost all of my other meds fuck
( +1 849-846-0679 ) audio: effects of thalidomide 'were horrific': david mason discusses the effects of the drug thal... (( hashtag boy swag ))
not grown psuedo since dec :) have grown lots of staph aspergillous though. will be having fluclox rather than cipro next time need orals.
these same people don't even know what, who or where cipro is. the don't have a business bank account. but u own a company right? right.
i've had ten tysabri infusions and i feel sick each and every time i get them for a few days up to a week. is this my life now?
username username amitriptyline is great at night, but it knocked me out too much. diclofenac is a bit stronger than naproxen
got that adderall on deck time to get work done this semester hashtag strongfinish
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
adderal made me manic, saphris makes my skin crawl and gives me the dreaded twitches, hydroxyzine is more like a placebo than anything else.
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
username on lyrica it seemed 2 instantly convert carbs 2 fat. after lyrica ah moment. prepare i've taken stuff out like bread
and a bladder infection - well she's been on levaquin and iv fluids so idk how that's our fault... so they need to stop acting like it is
username username the vyvanse will make yoh give a shit..
levothyroxine 1.6mcg/kg/day &lt;50yo
username i could also ask meridia to take your life away.
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
username username letherby or leather throat?? take the guy a lozenge for the sake of the listeners !!  hashtag goleafs hashtag bernier
just took seroquel. now i'm freaking out that i will end up sleeping 15 hrs and miss my 12pm appt tomorrow
i am wondering if anyone has been prescribed viibryd as an antidepressant and whether or not it worked for them? ashley
current drug cocktail: pseudoephedrine, amphetamine, baclofen (muscle relaxant/entactogen), ibuprofen, and lots of caffeine hashtag twitch hashtag twitch
username username tha adderall ain't enuf to fulfill this freshmans needs
lawwwdddddddd that'll always be better than trazodone
this crestor bowling commercial is totally weird. hashtag svengoolie
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
username hashtag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hashtag followthediet hashtag readthebooks hashtag cantfindgreatdoc
my humira just failed, buzzing to be ill all week again!!
so, my pregabalin was supposed to be being increased...but is now being decreased due to horrible dry eyes and mouth side effect. :(
no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
username weekly enbrel injections. paracetamol. ibuprofen. i'm sure you know the drill. is yours worse in winter?
i'm sorry, but latuda sounds like a euphemism for female flatulence.
username username so far so good. i was on remicade for years then had a bad reaction. just started humira
mexican females bodies outchea looking like adderall pills n shit.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
the difference between hannah without a little vyvanse and hannah with a little vyvanse is remarkable.
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hashtag onedoseleft
username he probably forgot to take his boniva this morning
username have a look at data from velcade plus dex.
username i inject enbrel on friday and inject methotrexate on monday. are you on injectable mtx? i failed the pills.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
main pharmacovigilance updates in 2012: dual renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockade comprising aliskiren is harmful.
username lol no. adderall only makes me emotional, no physical pain.
water polo xarelto cocoa pebbles brushing simon helberg airing donald sterling stevie wonder wild salmon verse tall proair hfa lucentis
username i was with infliximab so humira next for me :-( gotta love hashtag crohns
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
this new medicine called latuda face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username infliximab is a good drug by all accounts.. hope they put u on it! im on humira which partially works this thio, but think he
oh acid reflux how i hate thee, let me count the ways: dexilant 60mg famotidine 20mg
celecoxib 100mg 200mg now available through sigma....launched today
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
sucessful treatment of wet amd with eylea anti-vegf injections, a proven alternative to lucentis hashtag eyecare
username the depression is real.” username
yup, just lit up some basswood n pressing a cup....usin a miralax mixer. cleanin house for turkey day!
username username was on keppra came off them as they stopped me feeling hungry and i lost to much weight i'm now on vimpat
username i take four imodium a day as per my surgeon. 1 before each meal. one before bedtime. works well for me. 1-3 bms a day.
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hashtag withdrawal
drug used in treatment of traveller's diarrhea is: a-ampicillin b-amoxicillin c-co-trimoxazole d-ciprofloxacin ans: ciprofloxacin
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
username studies showed promising results with thalidomide in the teratment of hiv complication
username oh! i am on enbrel but i was on methotrexate prior to that, it didn't agree with me and wasn't effective for me so
zoloft and paxil andbuspar and xanax, depacon, chronophin, prozac. ativan calms me when i see the bills. these are a few of my favoritepills
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
username username oxycontin is just oxycodone extended release and no tylenol.
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
damn you seroquel! why you only let me sleep four hours!?!?
no! i always get cipro before i travel but never had to use it, not even in mexico! mt username ever call doctor on a trip? hashtag travelskills
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
username i'm back to normal a1c thru diet exercise meds however doctor took me off januvia so we will see the docs are disagreeing
username username not just that but the deciding factor is how much tadalafil has been consumed?
this increase in pregabalin (on fri) is making me so tired and a wee bit dizzy but anxiety is calmer when i feel like this :s
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
probs should stop taking adderall every damn day and maybe you wouldn't feel like shit when you don't have it
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
synthroid has helped me so much since i switched over to it. no longer freezing or any other hashimotos symptoms. not so tired. hashtag hashimotos
username being sold as all natural but it has the drug sibutramine which was banned in 2010 by the fda for risk with stroke heart attack
metformin will be the death of me
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
i'm going to watch this thalidomide programme because i am a good student.
i keep eating.. i hate it very much .. need some pills...fluoxetine (prozac) would do it..
for my next trick i will take 5 imodium ad caplets with one swig of apple juice!
username smh. lmao paxil was my first, i just stopped effexor (the headaches were a nightmare)
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
username i'm taking ciprofloxacin 2 times a day. tapos coldrex.
rt username [clinical trials] abbvie study assesses role of predefined doses of methotrexate when used with humira hyperlink
username we hung out that day and went to daniels and i was on suboxone with jacob
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
username celcoxip vs metoprolol
loperamide | gatorade | u know what i mean
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
dj advair username dbreathe username where's darth rock?””
thank you boniva for making sally field possible.
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hashtag fatkidprobs hashtag hangry
.@laurashezbar ...and effient for a year...so i bleed and bruise easily now...@ferallike
important counselling point for sildenafil - swallow tablet with a full glass of water quickly as it may cause a stiff neck hashtag preregtips
some of the facts about the thalidomide problems are horrific
username you know that cipro is also made by bayer, right? and it also causes a horrific syndrome that mimics an auto-immune disease.
username humira is similar to remicade, i have never taken humira, i believe it's self administered?
yeah i don't need to sleep and i am totally looking forward with the withdrawal symptoms of going off my viibryd thanks so much.
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
you guys i was sucking on this lozenge thats supposed to numb sore throats and now i cant feel my mouth
i fucking hate these enbrel commercials. nobody cares! hashtag enbrel
im like sweating. i think the adderall i working.
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
3 adderall refills in one day thanks for not asking about the first two insurance.. hashtag nosleep
username username 29 in game his maridia escape and on escape was tragic for zoasts standards anyway. but fast fast phantoon helped
omg, i need my ventolin inhaler...hiks....
hmmseems the vyvanse actually helped. i'll remember that in emergencies (i.e. when the hell does my strattera get in i can't pay 300 for it)
hashtag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
are restlessness and insomnia common side-effects of hashtag lamictal / hashtag lamotrigine?
username is my memory really bad due to 900mg seroquel and 120mg cymbalta or the bipolar itself? i'm not remembering conversations
inside 60's people needed acidity to create the earth weird. now the earth is actually weird, people acquire prozac to create the idea typic
username i love the gorgeous burgundy color and powdery mouthfeel of the advair
username username username username username it's code for vitamins/supplements. i doubt he's a suboxone doc. (opiate w/drawal).
rt username username username username so the specificity is different. tysabri could be used in gut since alpha4beta1 al…
i want to just take all of the two bottles of trazodone i have left because this is ridiculous.
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hashtag effexor
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
i don't even understand why it's prescribe without symbicort i wouldn't be able to do sports. username
username she's been on diclofenac since her sugery and had a du repaired 20 years ago, there's a faint laparotomy scar hashtag twitfrg
i got down with crestor and i can't get it up.
blood pressure lowering drug aliskiren did not improve coronary artery disease for patients with prehypertension aquarius study finds htt...
hashtag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hashtag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hashtag health
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
teratogenic drugs &gt; major non-antibiotics in term tap cap thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
i got that roxie dick these hoes be needin suboxone
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
i feel like the kids from 'a nightmare on elm street' i need sleep. the lunesta shit doesn't work for me. can i have ambien again?
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hashtag crohns hashtag humira
this turkey is like lunesta with wings. hashtag thanksgiving
username too confident in new copd portfolio? + nasty shock with advair
username any ideas on treating depression naturally paxil is making me gain unwanted pounds and water weight...thanks
can thoroughly recommend the bbc2 program thalidomide the fifty year fight! excellent for scly4 crime and deviance/corporate crime
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
username can reducing fluoxetine zap me of all energy?i've reduced from a high dose, now on standard does not feeling good at all.
consider less frequent dosing...alendronate every week, actonel or ibandronate every month, iv boniva every 3 months, or iv reclast yearly.
username i think mentioning i had to come off buprenorphine without asking for a replacement got me off the 'drug seeker' list.
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
username i'm on prozac, prolixin and lunesta and i feel no different.
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
can't sleep at night? don't count sheep. count your blessings. you will fall asleep faster. and that lunesta moth will not come to haunt you
username username username username username a friend of mine is on suboxone and is doing great!
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hashtag bewell friend
maaaaaam,, i dont want to drink cough lozenge :( that taste is very very awful :@
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hashtag jraproblems username
etanercept biosimilar hd203 show equal acr20 response of 83% in ra compared to ref etn. korean hera study of 110 patients each hashtag eular2014
i haven't slept in 2 days due to hashtag vyvanse
username yes, was given oxygen and albuterol and was released.
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
df188 au diclofenac ?rt username the doc gave me these painkillers that have wezad me a good one... hashtag sostrong hashtag highasakite
shoutout to advair and ventolin for saving my life on the daily
ivy league news: levaquin and nose bleeds: ...keine als das produkt. the jersey shore may specialists at cornell university plan has ...
i bet that guy who decorated his home in that crestor theme is gonna regret it later.
username etanercept currently available&amp;has been shown to stall alzheimer's attack/my take:don't mess with nature.address own health
lunch, cigarette papers and tamiflu pills brought to work by bird flu contractors at east yorkshire duck farm hyperlink
bulk drug manufacturing unit in hyderabad for omeprazole, esomeprazole, pantoprazole, fenofibrate, pregabalin and intermediate.
was carrying a vial of oxycodone pills, and that a semi-automatic handgun and a jar of what is believed to be marijuana
username i'm certainly weird but it's quetiapine instead of crack, i can't get that on prescription.
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
tamiflu is amazing grinning face with sweat
canadian online pharmacy: i'm sending you vioxx instead... remember... take it all at once
username username i'm on gabapentin now, it's not really working for me..but everyone is different. gabapentin makes me feel drunk
username username come on folks have you not heard of humira or enbrel side effects? some forms of cancer were reported
rivaroxaban is great, until your patient gets a wound and bleeds solidly for 14hours from it!
rt username fda investigates deaths of two people taking zyprexa: federal regulators are investigating the deaths of two p... hyperlink
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
username after enbrel quit working i tried humira, then remicade and orencia infusions and none worked next is cimzia hashtag ra hashtag rheum
sydney dy on treating cipn: in practice thus far, not impressed with utility of duloxetine (limited efficacy, tolerability) hashtag asco13
some of y'all women should take latuda
slow down, you sound like the end of a cymbalta commercial.
so i'm guessing you are in depression... cymbalta can help.
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
username geodon used harden!
i fell asleep at like 11:00. now i'm wide awake. gabapentin is weird like that. knocks me on my ass.
username remicade worked great for me for 5 years! then i developed antibodies to it. i've been on enbrel and simponi since-now orencia.
products will be any medical or hospital bills related to the injury caused by the product, my husband was permanently injured by avandia
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
had tysabri with lovely people today :-)
a incomprehensible sour cream flavor and exotic albuterol overtones are blended in the 2011 sauvignon blanc from pepsi vineyards. hashtag men
trazodone really gets me feeling great
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hashtag bewell friend
username i tried gabapentin - side effects too high for me. amytriptyline. vicodin. ultram. few others.
left thigh/leg pain, difficult to walk. neurontin and percocet ineffective.
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
oxycodone deaths in florida: 1516 in 2010, 735 in 2012. dramatic drop since 2011 law changes. hashtag rxabuse username hashtag policymeeting
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
username username username (1/2) methadone and suboxone and that kind of thing does have its drawbacks. but in general the superior
when the depression is coming out caused by this damn levofloxacin :))
username the sad thing is, he’san improvement over dr. i take darvocet all day, why can’t you?
kris in the bg in need of a lozenge
username username username no i care, temazepam and adderall are pretty strong drugs, cause paranoia amongst other things
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
username lmaoo stfu. adderall got me doin work face with tears of joy hundred points
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
i really wish suboxone was easy to get i hate this shit so bad.
username oh he raised the vimpat in hopes to slowly take me off one of the other meds. don't know which one.
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
rt username username 7 hands down....nothing ryhmes with orange - lozenge is close. silver is better
common man company you are thinking of uloric which is a medication that decreases uric acid and helps the symptoms of gout.
i confused my metformin with my antibiotics and overdosed. bad stomach cramps. i'm a moron.
ivy league news: buy real 500mg metronidazole: doctor warned on viagra vardenafil and tadalafil and gmc guidelines. university of pen...
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hashtag boo
i had a terrible experience with nuvaring which almost ended... very badly... and when i told me doc about it, she said she'd never hashtag innopsy
username never experienced anything ever in my whole life before i took enbrel
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
username oxycodone (percocet) is the one you have (id presume) oxycontin is the one that turns taxpayers into welfare recipients
ventolin has numbed the discomfort of bitterness. so that was a fast game indeed. hashtag elearningperks
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
username a12 been on hashtag humira for over a yr now and that's helped a ton with previously unbearable hashtag painsomnia hashtag spooniechat
username username username idk... are you thinking about some dates in particular?
username hashtag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
username loperamide hydrochloride is a saint, a saint i tell ye!
i'm permanently on symbicort as a preventer for athsma, have tried doubling dose as it's a good chest infection remedy but not shifting it
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
username id suggest pregabalin instead... and even then i had to split it into smaller doses because my vision went odd at 150mg tabs
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hashtag fuckms
yung developing physical addiction to loperamide
mri done of legs, hope the effects of levaquin are not permanent, is not improving. be aware of rx fluoroquinolone type side effects hashtag rheum
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
could go for a handful of lunesta rn zzz pill face without mouth
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hashtag antibiotics
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
the symbicort commercial where the big bad wolf is a loving grandpa is currently my favorite thing.
take suboxone without a tolerance and you're gonna have a bad time.
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
username username calm down guys i have imodium xd
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
username i switched to prozac about month ago and it started working right away but i'm only now noticing its flavor
username okay. you can look into iuds too, mirena perigard. but honestly, nuvaring was the best thing i was ever on.
username sorry cant give samples out 4 is minimum there 100mg sildenafil citrate with no side affects
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
username wtf did i type. ducolax*. imodium does the opposite. lol
username username username *butts in* obtaining a replacement spiriva inhaler on sunday ended an episode cos ended anxiety
tysabri took me from wheel chair add spit and meds i can now walk ha great stuff ha
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
username it was horrible they removed mine yesterday so happy im going to try the nuvaring i guess
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
tecfidera winning fervor scream in his piano. lea michele meow pee demo pen snoopy scrub skid celebrex florence henderson
there is this medicine called latuda omg what even face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username you kirsty lowrey are toooo funny!!!!! imodium for dogs hahaha xxx
combining nrt with varenicline improves smoking abstinence
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
username have you come up with any good crestor jokes
i am so resistant to medication my pdoc wants me to get genotype a because i take 2 grams of seroquel. mostly liver p450 genotyping.
xopenex is a gift from god
thank god for imodium ive had mince all day
username no blanket orders allowed. ventolin, proair proventil r not ab rated to each, therefore no brand exchg@ericalee87 username
ventolin x 2 cups of coffee was a really bad combo
username no shit username diclofenac and blood pressure are not best of friends
username maybe in theory! but there's only one snri, atomoxetine, it's not approved for depression *or* nerve stuff... cymbalta is both
either i lay off the coffee....or i get a lunesta prescription person bowing ...can't ever fall asleep.
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
username nexium is the shit pal
username yea it does, i just throw it up.. next one in line is my one januviaor sitagliptin its called.. was a docu on mine recently
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
(reuters) - exelon corp, the largest u
username i have literally been weaned off fluoxetine,(prozac),the last few weeks and am learning to cope without now. was on them 4 18mnths
username cymbalta can help. lol
i read the words party organization and got a very clear image of lunesta angrily dancing with shutter shades and glow sticks. i can't.
username unfortunately, no evidence that ip care is effective. only proven effective tx is maintenance on buprenorphine or methadone
username username username that's okay crestor fix her right up
username username i went to my doctor when my husband was deployed for insomnia, he gave me, xanax, zoloft, darvocet and trazedone.. yes
also, price ex.'s generics lipitor, plavix, mirapex, cozaar, hyzaar, aricept, lexapro, effexor xr fda-approved/usa based all $25 for 90.
username ugh the olanzapine makes me so tired :(
username cfo's have rosiest plausible view. exubera was a 2.8bn failure $pfe thought that was a hashtag bb i'm trying to rely on unbiased facts
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
username and death. don't suggest rosiglitazone in your osce
5. so what caused the hashtag estrogen surges in hashtag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hashtag estrogen can cause a hashtag bloodclot?
bipolar depression pill called latuda what the heck that sounds like that girl on fairly odd parents who was obsessed with timmy
username nope, was on hashtag enbrel 5yrs had to get off due to unrelenting flare. been on hashtag humira since dec 2012. hashtag rheum
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
username haha this is in the leg and stomach. humira
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
two months on my third go around with enbrel to treat my psoriasis. had to take a two week break though due to the flu and high fever.
username ..... looks more like avandia 8mg :)
i just choked on my ciclesonide and had an asthma attack
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hashtag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
username username yh prozac n ecstasy block neuron pathways or some shit thats liveeeeee
currently fighting with my metformin medication. it's winning. i'm losing terribly! hashtag infertilitysucks flushed face
god i'd like to go to sleep right now. but i'm still a little afraid of the visions, even though i stopped taking viibryd days ago.
rt username anyone else suspect that if you take vitamins or constipation remedies at the same time as hashtag quetiapine it reduces the e…
username username username username cant take boniva because of ulcers, that is why reclast
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
busy few days. tomorrow tysabri which is cool will be full of energy for camping sat and my#82mile walk in 3 weeks!!! hashtag mybiggestchallenge
to all nighters, deepening connections, great conversations, 2 overly friendly cats inducing asthma/allergies, indian food benadryl advair
okay so ethylene glycol is antifreeze....but polyethylene glycol is otc miralax lol how crazy
username username vioxx was fast-tracked and it killed a half million people.
can you overdose on nicotine
username / good tip! ... i'm taking loperamide at the moment but i am trying to slowly reduce my dose as i don't want to rely on it
caffeine, nicotine, alcohol, and pussy
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
prozac, paxil, celexa, effexor, remeron, seroquel, trileptil, trazadone, wellbutrin, abilify, cymbalta and many more. i know what they do.
username venlafaxine was always awful for that. like someone sprayed hairspray all over my tongue... eww isn't a strong enough word!
home from the hospital. raising hands i hope this miralax does what it's supposed to do stops monkey from puking all the time. folded hands
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
the news: minglong maury povich smelly? what idiots. once chump most male pattern baldness cosplay januvia magic mushrooms
medical professionals on my feed...any thing i need to know about this med: lamotrigine. it's being used to treat bipolar teen.
username my guess would have been imodium ad.
i want to hear phil talking about a hashtag usopen win, not about prescription enbrel. hashtag sadface hashtag maybenextyear
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
changed brand of metformin and back on the ones that make me fart like buggery. hashtag feelsorryformycats
to the pristiq wind up figures,i think you have more serious problems than depression.like the fact that you have a key sticking out of you.
well, the humira failed. will be moving to remicade, and hopefully getting out of here soon. sigh. onwards. hashtag crohns
hashtag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hashtag routinewreck
username username username username lol good ol anger management my pills are lamotrigine
injected my self with humira. big fucking needle
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
summers at shea = give my prozac.  hashtag likeabadgirlfriend hyperlink
username username ur dreaming mate seriously yesterday you was viox wat you today bt again what a fucking show up face with tears of joy
extra quetiapine and two zopiclone still aren't helping me sleep. head full of broken biscuits at 4am with horrid intrusive thoughts
bisphosphonares such as actonel raise bone density but make them brittle. for example glass is dense but brittle.
degassing some mobile phase for use in the baclofen assay hashtag scienceswag
do not use miralax brand laxatives !!!!! i tried and i am still full 2 the brim with the devil's brownies. does not work.
trazodone to the rescue sleeping face
username username i think geodon really changed my brain. that's crazy (re: wellbutrin). i'm considering going back but still more no
tbh im meant 2 have my atomoxetine at 9 but im a boss ass bitch
diclofenac sodium take after meal
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
username username username username username socialist medicine, thy name is// a necon trotsky icepick gone hayek
i think i finally feel the last of the toxins slithering loudly out of my body. dr's shouldn't prescribe medicine that does this. hashtag effexor
username username username username does telmisartan [e.g telma(40) without any diuretic] cause hyponatremia by any chance?
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
i'm not sure if seroquel is helping us or making things even worse.. anyone else knows if it can make dissociation worse?
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
eh! if i hear! rt username thalidomide? am i dreaming? rt username username is thalidomide finding its way back???
haven't had any xopenex or albuterol in over 10 days how am i still alive.
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
rpssupport: new: gov decides temazepam to lose rx requirements exemption #2014 sad times when you're actually interested to see this.
i really feel like this fluoxetine is messing with my perspective time and people.
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
apparently, baclofen greatly exacerbates the ad part of my adhd. average length of focus today: about 30 seconds.
my asthma has been on lock by this symbicort
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
username i would think so because adderall makes you not want to eat even more? probably get sick maybe
when it's dark i feel sad..... i know it's time to just take my lunesta call it a night. pensive face
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
username i do 2 injections monthly. it's a very thick gel. remicade was like water and slow. humira burned but not like this.
man these ventolin tablets are really something else smirking face
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hashtag doctors hashtag help
lunesta in hand: i love my late night lessons with my david. what a blessing he is.
really don't want to have to take something like lunesta or sanata because i had such a nasty time with ambien making me hallucinate and i
username yes. meridia is good
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
does anyone have any idea where on the new cipro website one can check if a company name exists/ does not exist on their database?
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hashtag fibromyalgia sucks!
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hashtag asthmaprobs
oh, so bird flu wants to make a comeback? like it didn't flop with tamiflu sales unamused face
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
username i'm on codeine, loperamide and an antibiotic (only just got it tonight and can't remember its name). fun, fun. or not.
rt username fluoxetine from $1.92 per capsule in 1993 to $0.03 today hashtag pharmac hashtag nz hashtag ihea2013
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hashtag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hashtag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hashtag day11
username tysabri isn't working imo. but can't keep changing if i want to get on trial. catch 22.
nrc to host open house today in cordova to discuss exelon plant.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
a strepsils lozenge, to soothe the sore throat, and all i do is sneezing all the time -,- atchoooo~! alhamdulillah. :')
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
username i don't have epilepsy but have severe anxiety. i take pregabalin the epilepsy meds.
i took the rest of the lunesta pills from my dresser
batman, i love you more than life. but you need a throat lozenge.
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
tersepit di antara wattpad and sains sukan. someone please stab me loudly crying face
the yr8 girls cross country team celebrating their 2nd place finish. zoe ridley, kitty benson boneva corby!! hyperlink
username thanks amanda. quetiapine mode on.
5-day tamiflu costs more than one year of birth control (back when we had to pay), but rave on white women about the real women's issues
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
blythe danner get off the prolia commercial- you have an emmy for christ sake!!
growing list of meps asking the eu to get thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to compensate those they disabled. time for justice. 50+ years
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hashtag fibromyalgia sucks!
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
username username username no dude bring on miralax
selective β blockers: (bam) bisoprolol atenolol metoprolol -unstable angina it improve survival -cardioprotective  hashtag med433
new treatment reverses hair loss while treating arthritis. tofacitinib reverses alopecia and plaque psoriasis.  hashtag reversehairloss hashtag medical
username enjoy! top tip - pack plenty of imodium
ssri birth injury drugs: celexa, effexor, lexapro, paxil, prozac, and zoloft. call now to speak with an attorney. 1.888.520.5202.
username diclofenac is such bullshit! i swear it's a placebo.
statistics also showed that patients on metformin had less chance of developing a heart attack and even certain cancers by up to 37%.
hello hughniverse! i've been away because i spent two weeks in the hospital. the enbrel i was taking helped my ra, but trashed my immune
tujuan masuk wc tu antara 2 use it as usual and turn on the shower (if u know what i mean)
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hashtag rsdprobs
we need a meridia
anybody else find tysabri treatment has positive signs first up but then wears off in the last week before next treatment? would luv to know
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
i really hope this is the last time i have to see the cholesterol specialist... but i seriously slacked off this week with my crestor so...
username yes, but it's the 200mg of lamotrigine that's doing it. x
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
username username username username not a febuxostat fan. loads of mobilisation flares.
injured direction sprints my friend greg. he is symbicort lifeless stiffen starbucks seo friend mippy chutney christianity
i'm in such a glorious mood today for no reason.... wow the wonders of vyvanse!!!!
username aw, dude. i've been on both in the past. don't stop fluoxetine suddenly - the withdrawal effects are awful. do it gradually.
they think the crestor i take is causing my knee pain.
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
hashtag team angeltrb how exelon nuclear shut down one state's energy policy hashtag boceame neqrosexy
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
username yeah when i take vyvanse any food just looks/sounds/tastes fucking disgusting
username working out on vyvanse is so much better than without hashtag crackedout” i know how you feel brotha
username ciprofloxacin ophthalmic for bacterial, caused by the common cold and shit.
username thanks for sharing, dude! have you had issues w/nausea from strattera? i’m in a debate b/w that and vyvanse re: side effects
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
username tyler the crestor
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
i need food. i'm cranky when i'm hungry. food is my prozac sometimes. ok. most of the time.
i might just skip smoking and go straight to nicotine lozenges because i can suck them in class. hashtag christiancollegerebel
not able to get on my scale with bmi&gt;50 and new dm dx started on metformin,onglyza, and victoza told to d/c onglyza re: redundancy w victoza
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
username over the counter lol ie medicines like tylenol etc or nexium even er aspirin i mean nex is for acid reflux
fart defeated tired resolve zostavax tardy travel to toilet cuban restaurant michael douglas a charley horse just farted robert griffin iii
username i'm a severe asthmatic and like life, so i get one every year. but the get tamiflu from your doc within one day, backup sucks.
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
only change so far since switching from lexapro to cymbalta: now i might notice if i got hit in the crotch w/ a lance in a jousting accident
username hey bud! when is boniva again?
i would love to find a guy like tyler the crestor grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes
i get separation anxiety if i'm away from blankie for more than an hour and i have to whip out the klonapin and seroquel hashtag panicattack
username username i had this one brain trust who calls me in a panic because he has sob turns out he was using symbicort 8x/d
(triggering) so... i'm taking quetiapine and tramadol pre-cutting. i'm allergic to tramadol...this should be interesting hashtag selfharm
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
when you see a commercial for symbicort and realize you need to get back to studying respiratory physio...
username i've heard vioxx is bad, think it's off the market here. sister had problems with celebrex but couldn't stand pain so back on.
yay lyrica to the rescue
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
tysabri infusion today at hospital. extra shattered this time. can't keep my eyes open. hashtag fatigue username username
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
actually, also loving it because it is a medicine for bipolar disorder and they named it latuda hashtag aptlynamed hashtag rachet
funny thing is,terr was thi one pharmacist came and asked me in chinese where is the location of celecoxib in the pharmacy.
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
wonder if dave is on the imodium after ukips latest success ?
username i take synthroid will have to do so for the rest of my life. i already feel like i have lots of energy.
i reaaaallly need to take my paxil but it makes me feel so delirious and just messed up.
sorry eliquis commercial, having fatal bleeding as a side effect is a deal breaker for me. hashtag howisthatbetterthanbeingsick?
now that mothers day is over discover the secret of mother meridia before discovering the story of the novus fatum prophecy in danger kids
i'm on the twitter-machine tonight cuz can't walk or do anything else tonight. boosted neurontin dose has my motor control jacked up. :-|
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
username i'll be fine thanks to aciphex
hoffman: apixaban denied for acs based on data we have not seen but due to increased bleeding compared to coumadin and no benefit hashtag acep13
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
username username ventolin inhaler to use before using my symbicort at the moment - i have a neb at home which we are trying to avoid x
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
username its a bit calmer now like dark red/brown/purple? he's settling! i think its the olanzapine which is usually green
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
vyvanse, coffee, 2 ls down before 9:05...i'm ready for a full day of orientation hashtag not
username username i have copd but can not find a lung specialist that will see me sooner than a year. my symptoms are worse. not on meds
why do people try to hit me up after i take seroquel
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
i need to start taking my viibryd again but it makes me feel so nauseous ughhh
ventolin makin me all anxious. alone in the house and lost in the world. get hype
lunesta in hand: what a great thanksgiving i am blessed
username did you have headaches in between humira shots? any noticeable side effects with remicade?
ciprofloxacin - how am i gonna used to? you taste bad, baby. &lt;/3
jose rodrigues vineyards binds water-soluble albuterol midtones and a sparkling musk bouquet in their 2007 chenin blanc. hashtag 詳細を見る
username no word in the english language rhymes with orange, month, silver or purple.” orange lozenge close enough
username diclofenac (voltarol). i had a frozen shoulder once - it was murder. feeling your pain, wishing you better. x
username fibro flares floor me so i can empathise with you on that. doc put me on lyrica 18mths ago n iv put 5st on n lost my memory.
username username why i can't find exelon patch 10 in your pharmacy .
check your ventolin for foreign objects before dispensing into your gob.
username i'm taking boniva starting tomorrow. that must be some magical shit.
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hashtag crohns
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
any1 else think their ventolin inhaler tastes really yummy or just me
username it's a lozenge. like cough drop
i mean i never get on meridia or barbas. i wouldn't mind getting on harley again.
yay me!!! i don't have to have tysabri infusions, anymore! i should start talking a pill in the next 2 months.  hashtag mssucks
effexor dreams d:
enbrel monday, and even after coffee i'm still tired. going to get some more sleep. the newsletter will be out later today. :d
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hashtag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hashtag winning
md presenting on buprenorphine nurse midwives &amp;pas in nm can prescribe drugs that get ppl addicted but not drugs 4 treatment hashtag nmleg username
time for my commute. wondering if i'm going to cope with this everyday. it's like wading through treacle getting up so early on olanzapine
this week i have sat at desks with an avandia mousemat and a reductil branded stamp on them. pity no thalidamide lava lamp username
latuda is a bipolar med that makes me think of toots.
to take my seroquel and have weird dreams or to not... real life lyndsey world questions
cyrena owens, site perf. mgr. exelon at u.s. women in nuclear conference - cumulative impacts.  hashtag uswin2014 hyperlink
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hashtag hivglasgow
round 2 trazodone. please just put me to sleep, not make me into a zombie the whole next day.
cymbalta withdrawals. need to get script. head is spinning. blood pressure low. i hate depending on drugs to live.
hashtag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
demands of meridia fall upon me. as i collect my accolades, i'm also sent to work the peace of the alliances. hyperlink
username - whilst i was maxed on tegretol, neurontin lyrica for pain management, my memory and decision-making ability were all shot
understand why my specialists told me to but big bags of mints when taking gabapentin driest mouth every and drinks don't help it weary face
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
username well done i take 2 other tablets and a victoza injection that suppose to suppress your appetite !!! hashtag notworkingtoday xxx
username remember when they said thalidomide was good? that's kind of how i reckon this experiment will go
last night username video chatted me while i was in a lunesta haze. i couldn't see or hear her, but knew she was there. weird
username i didn't try cymbalta, but it was a combo of an antidepressant and klonopin. turned my life around.
username sensible move but total ban would be workable some inhalers e.g. ventolin can create false positive but blood test confirms
des viox 2014! username username confino,gahmi honore hashtag desvoix hashtag frenchplaywrights hyperlink
need gabapentin more. .arrgghh acute low back pain attack me always!
username username i just want pristiq to continue stopping my brain from telling me i'm this sad...at least as well as it used to
ritonavir be like yo i'm here
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
hashtag odetoimodium oh, imodium ad, thou art my best friend right now hyperlink
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
just popped a vyvanse let's see how this goes
username has reason been found for justina's condition? did she take cipro, avelox, or levaquin when sick once-used as antibiotic
username so interesting!! any mention of meds like symlin, victoza and their impact on lag times, post meal hypers?
let me take this nexium cause heartburn ain't it.
took my enbrel yesterday so of course i broke fever today. of fucking course. is it even worth it? :/
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
suboxone got me on cloud 53
strict diet of adderall and coffee today
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
username can the ventolin data be extrapolated to kids tho?
username i'm guessing username went off meds - or just needs a shot of geodon
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. chop banana till u go yo.
oh, what a great idea watching gordan ramsay cook at 4am when i'm hungry from my seroquel.
i'll be yours forever just tell me when to start then ex comment how about now so aku pon macam kau antara ex yang dah blacklist.
username i take olanzapine and have a permanent dry mouth what can i do to help it
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
gtta go copp some latuda for shawty weary face
username lamictal, currently
username they're pumped full of nicotine by the way.
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hashtag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hashtag adhd
username i was on venlafaxine after the citalopram but it messed up my sleep :(
username my childhood friend with hashtag crohns did well on enbrel for years before it stopped working (price unbelievable here in us)
has anyone seen this eliquis commercial with the white dude and his son playing basketball.. it's so annoying. that white dude shoots like person raising hand
username u don't take daily pills w ra. u take weekly doses of methotrexate and/or enbrel shots. right now i'm on nothing. eating better
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
username username screw cymbalta” exactly.
holy shit, the xarelto commercial was a full two minutes of disclaimers about bleeding.
the theory here is hashtag jacquelinebisset was experiencing a boniva overdose exacerbated by a couple glasses of champagne. hashtag goldenglobes
oh for fuck's sake. my mouth is bleeding again. can't blame the gabapentin this time. what the fuck???
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
breathing has become a conscious effort; lemsip and ventolin the only things to ease claggy bronchioles; i am not a good patient :(
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
this suboxone got me feeling super sick, idk why i tried this malarkey
username username username that’s why a woman my age needs prolia.
doctors, why am i more wheezy since starting ventolin and flovent ? i want to be able to breathe again.  hashtag doctors hashtag help
seo paul son you travolta. katy tiffany levemir ninth vacation aranesp jim starlin 7-up bucil strive gorf
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
username i need stronger stuff. amoxicillin didn't cut. i'm thinking z-pak or cipro. i need the amped up stuff.
the horrible creepy lunesta moth will literally kill you in your sleep.
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
clavicus, sheo, malacath, and sometimes meridia
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
i'm at a videogame store and there's so many dudes here with their mom like full grown balding men god damn somebody get me a prozac
defending the deadly varenicline (chantix) while slamming hashtag e cigarettes? who's ya daddy? hyperlink hashtag ecigfacts
username i wish my mind was that creative! not to mention i hope quetiapine isn't associated with death scrawl given the popularity.
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
you're kidding me right? this ad for victoza was 4 minutes long. 3 minutes and 35 seconds of it was the side effects.
i'm on rabeprazole sodium and if i eat a bowl of cereal i'm full for the rest of the day. hashtag fuckingright
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hashtag badass hashtag sick hashtag withdraws hashtag sicksicksick
easy mac and adderall hashtag finalsweek
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
use 50% dose of januvia if crcl 30-50 or scr 1.7-3 (men)/1.5-2.5 (women) hashtag esurancesave30
italian smarts! alendronate, a medication to treat osteoporosis was developed by the pharmaceutical company istituto gentili in the...
username username dr said i have blood, puss, red n white blood cells in my urine. gave me cipro n told me to see urologist monday
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
antacids can be used for the treatment of ciprofloxacin overdosage or toxicity!!... hashtag getfamiliar
username some day i should try fluoxetine again. it made me all suicidal the first time, but i was 18
username username my husband gerald wunsch has neuropathy from velcade and is now on kyprolis in a maintenance therapy day 1,2,15,16
username is the best mum. i'm craving pizza.... think it was the extra diclofenac that's given me munchies.
rt username username i just popped my first username lozenge! wow! can we extend handsome tuesday til saturday? hashtag tingly hashtag feelinglu…
username imodium i know it too well. only way i can leave the house for multiple hours.
hashtag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
username i hope pray perez takes her advice amanda takes her prozac.
and for depression, anti-depressant drugs such as prozac, work by increasing the activity of the brain neurotransmitter serotonin this
sen. pres. jeff kessler reveals his son, jacob, 25 has been charged w oxycodone trafficking. says he's heartbroken, but i love my son.
username one is about varenicline and the other is about cold weather being lethal for humans
rt username username v concerned about how liberally seroquel is used for sleep, etc. should be used with caution, if at al…
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
the slow es meltup / zn meltdown continues. this shit is on hashtag prozac.
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hashtag neveragain hashtag wentfromsize8to16 #
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
bayer to bombay hc: alert: compulsory licence granted for patented cancer drug nexavar
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
rt username fda investigating 2 deaths that occurred after patients were injected with $lly antipsychotic zyprexa relprevv. $lly http:…
cochrane: head2head natalizumab:rebif/azathioprine:rebif shd b top priority on research agenda; follow-up of trial cohorts shd be mandatory.
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
username yeah i've taken it before but it didnt work for me... then i tried prozac now i don't take anything.. i just cope. x miss u
username diagnosed year ago, metformin dose increased 3 times, changed diet, excersised more, a1c went up . bit overwhelmed.
username is flovent your twice a day inhaler? is atrovent your rescue inhaler? r the meds in the nebulizer liquid measured?
username that's good !!! cymbalta helps with pain it's better than zoloft ! look up dairy it causes lots of issues in pain!
cleaned my house. thanks vyvanse :)
i feel like a thalidomide baby seal clubbing its way out of a paper bag with glowsticks.
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
fyi anora elipta and tysabri case studies are not approved for web posting. listen to webcast for info. about them. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
username hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell sterile water and geodon!
miller: diabetes drug metformin promotes neural growth repair in area of brain involved in intellect. trial w/ brain injuries.  hashtag oscisymp
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
coming off cymbalta cold turkey.. day 4... i think i have vertigo! this is awful.
nexium for like 3 months
rimonabant is a well-known anti-obesity medicine. hyperlink
username they have me on tamiflu and an anti-nausea
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
rt username nicotine and faded dreams, baby just believe, there's no one else like mee
hashtag dispatches waiting to watch tonight's show about victoza which is very worrying to me as i have been on this medication since last year
rtrtrt username : bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username you want bad withdrawl, effexor had that..evil stuff for me...never again. i strongly believe it caused some memory damage for me. :(
username better fw that nexium
played through maridia to get a sound effect, went to single out the channel, and accidentally loaded a save state. hashtag wrongemulator
username ventolin was pretty harsh, i remember that racing heart feeling.
just called a suboxone clinic for work and it turns out they have special hours cause they are also a spa,weight loss clinic,and hair salon
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hashtag rheum
username ...my old ones! plus caffeine in the morning counteracts these quite nicely whereas quetiapine hangovers were unshiftable
username i'm going back on the nuvaring for this reason.
hey remicade, i miss you. humira and cimzia just aren't the same.
username lose potency or we get immunity to them remicade cimzia now humira hashtag bewell friend
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
german drugmaker bayer said a phase iii trial of cancer drug nexavar in patients with advanced breast cancer fails
ventolin is riding shotgun.
username i was on muscle relaxant baclofen for two weeks, then 2 months trying to rid myself of it. 11 days in without and no sleep. :/
username i need some birth control but i don't know if i want the nuvaring or pillsnuvaring bitch raising hands
starting to feel normal again. thank you viibryd (^_~)
finally, someone cracked out the emergency temazepam for anastasia hashtag sundaybrunch
wolfe was wrong on one thing - we had a second speaker.... women from copd foundation in support of approving drug. spiriva hashtag copd adcom
anyway for the nausea in meantime sipped some 100plus and it is better. mightnt be gastric related then, just sympathetic response fr lyrica
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
username oh no, so many have that fibromyalgia. lyrica seems to be a good nerve pain rx
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
$mrk merck co agrees to settle lawsuits over fosamax jaw injuries
username yeah know what u mean. i upped my lyrica again yesterday. pain bit better but bit wobbly on my feet when i got up!!
hi twitter. my brain's mushier than a million blancmanges. pregabalin at max dose does that. i miss trying(!) to be amusing spamming you &gt;
my fken bike chains come off 3/4 times cuz my back tire has become un-aligned riding up 2 my methadone rehab 4 my buprenorphine prescription
username baby cinema? i'm going to be selling pradaxa and trajenta back up north for 12months
was writing an essay then my adderall wore off and somehow i ended up watching piano tutorials of lana del rey songs on youtube
watching this ad for victoza is making me laugh. it spent the whole commercial listing its numerous risks, and there was hardly any benefits
the hardest part about masturbating in a hotel room is i have to keep interrupting myself to take another imodium
i got way too emotionally invested in that symbicort commercial.
is finland an entire nation of thalidomide babies? hashtag toosoon?
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
i've taken gabapentin and vicodin. don't expect me to make any sense.
username i've had to reduce the quetiapine back to 400mg. couldn't take the increased gastro pain. was crumpled in a heap crying x
latuda is a medicine for depression? it sounds like the spanish translation for thundercunt.
concussion micro-update: decreasing the viibryd seems to have lessened the headaches but made forgetfulness and food aversions worse.
username that's what i get hashtag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
username will some1 please contact me vis-à-vis nexium game time photo shoot, job: nex176237. talent would like 2 get paid; shoot was in july
username username my cymbalta fucked me up for the first week i took it, now it’s amazing and positive
i need a higher dosage of suboxone and a medications that stops you from vomiting and diarreah
depressing hurts, cymbalta can help
according to a study, dr.mario can produce ten billion tamiflu capsules a day however the wheather is.
username my sister suffers from fibromyalgia and cymbalta seems to help her. sadly, so many people dismiss fibro as almost phony.
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
username i's was just about to text you to ask you if you tried diclofenac for your shoulder...because i's in pain.
barner: recent additional approval for pradaxa confirms benefit-risk ratio two new trials initiated (re-spect esus and re-dual pci) hashtag biapc
honestly, i think meridia was the only one who could -truly- kill me. everyone else can just tear me asunder.
y now it's time for the zostavax show starring harrison ford. oh, adjust.
username have any info on asenapine sublingual? tried new prescription, nearly knocked me off my rocker. hashtag powerful hashtag ickysideeffects
this adderall have a nigga up
username yep, my schizo-effective, as they labeled me, breast tumor is now cancerous .gee, the seroquel didn't work. psychiatry=crime!
just occurred to me that since i’ve already completed my bloodwork, i could dip into some 125 synthroid for the weekend instead of my 112s.
username merck was sued for $6b because 1 man died of a heart attack using vioxx and this was after years of trials and usage.
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
i do not understand how people prefer vyvanse over adderall.
username it will be another scam like tamiflu !!!
it is official. meridia and mercer.
username when i first started taking nebivolol (bystolic, a beta blocker) it was $70 a month. it was lowered to $30. yay!
username may i ask why you take humira? i'm on remicade infusions now after 5 yrs of humira didn't work.
really....: got used to the lung scanxiety.....got used to the synthroid for thyroidectomy. just when i think
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
username i'm good been on 25mg mtx for years then switched to leflunomide back mtx the other caused tummy trouble. why r u off enbrel
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
getting ready to go to dr today to see if viibryd is causing nightmares, a1c and several other small things
rt username suicidal thoughts, lack of feeling for others oneself are common side effect of atypical antipsychotics like seroquel h…
username where's your imodium and cipro?
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
i don't think i've been called beautiful by so many men in one room. thank you exelon for a confidence boost, all 120 of you face with tears of joy face with tears of joy flushed face  hashtag mortified
the way the young guy shoots on the eliquis commercial is absolutely embarrassing.
til diclofenac gel works -exceptionally- well for shaving rash.
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
username didn't meridia dare mara to do that?
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
not sure the paxil is working any more
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hashtag tuboficecream hashtag timetochange hashtag junkfood hashtag gym
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
no tysabri tomorrow! i’m infected. braaaiiiiinsssss.
lipitor did about $150b in total sales. humira will pass that. hell, nexium still sells $5b. are hep c patients less deserving?
thanks for sharing username great summary on need to preserve incentives to innovate. interesting point on crestor - lipitor
username username tadalafil opens blood vessels, thus helping to solve both issues.
and deff don't add ambien or latuda with that bc woow
username omerprazole actually didn't work for me at all...nexium worked but insurance didn't cover it. dexilant is helping though
games didn't help me get over depression it was fluoxetine and girls but good for you if it did.
tamiflu killed my best friend i wouldnt want anyone to use that shit
nexium is now available across the counter. no prescription required! nexium-20 (esomeprazole) is used to treat heartburn, or...
very interesting data about liraglutide effects on alzheimer's model, heart hypoxia tolerance, bone metabolism and in psoriasis
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
username maybe u should drop the lyrica and just take two bottles of benadryl then call me in the morning. also, something i forgot.
 musical notes they tried to put me on geodon i said no no no musical notes
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
username username infliximab, you need go in to hospital, arrange appts etc, make time. with humira pens, its at home, diy.
username adam rocked his presentation at amersa! harm reduction agency clients need options for buprenorphine tx. hyperlink
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
tonight, during an anthrax drill at work, i was treated with a hershey's bar. i was assured had it been real i'd have been given cipro. :)
username username yep, this one is my top tip for all sore throats too. works by relaxing the muscles. combine with a numbing lozenge xx
not sure the paxil is working any more
moxifloxacin is so cocking euphonious its wonderful.
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
username trazodone is what he gave me while ago. that shit had me all tore up. i didn't like that shit haha.
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been balm by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
username it's just so ffing weak. when the times uk exposed thalidomide in 1972 they exposed their own investors and lost 60% of revenue
back to playing super metroid while also coding. maridia still sucks.
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hashtag paxil
gotta starting taking advair as of today face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
btw, i use vyvanse to prevent sudden drowsiness from either viibryd or abilify. just saying, for those who never heard of the pill before.
username the newer atypical drugs like geodon, risperdal, abilify. they help with neurogenesis, the brain's ability to heal.
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
insulin + metformin reduces risk of breast cancer in women with dm2. hashtag informs2014
trazodone sleep aid is the best medicine ever invented
username i could try gabapentin but that is quite heavy. and of course, it's for the pain so doesn't fix my dexterity.
yeah i get 2mg green bars and 30mg adderall. 60 of one and 90 of the other. suboxone also. doesn't mean i'm a god damn free pharmacy
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
username fluticasone (flonase) is a good first option
username username username need to add imodium
username oh do u take synthroid
angry turds: miralax edition username hashtag elderlyvideogames
username ha! ipad corrected memantine to 'merman tine' reminds me of zoolander!
neurontin for days. today is s good day. unlike yesterday. plus i gots me a date tonight.
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
defendants seeking directed verdict in nexium case b/c payment not large and unjustified. but sup ct not intend for it to be threshold issue
current issue in class c; cinta tak kesampaian antara new classrep 'special' class rep relieved face
username the only things i know i'm allergic to are sulfa drugs and ciprofloxacin.
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
analysts are looking for decreased profit for exelon when the company reports its results for the second quarter on thursday, july 31, 2014
feels so good to finally have a real day off. my body needs to catch up. also was w/o enbrel for a wk, joints are so stiff hashtag arthritis hashtag ra
username i'll switch my evening dose to morning and let the seroquel deal with the symptoms hahahaha :)
username yeah i threw up my first day on pristiq bc i wasn't used to having to eat before taking them lol
ah yes i forgot how fucking bad the saphris tastes
it's so frustrating when everything is so blurry. i should've listened when it warned me about morphine and ditropan face with tears of joy loudly crying face
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
username quick fix, meant to write not the anal leakage drug that was often rx at the time. meridia had its other fun side effects.
i'm not tired whatsoever. may have been a good night to take that seroquel but whatevs. up listening to old school country.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
yet another jolt for ranbaxy from us fda, fda withdraws tentative nods granted to co to manufacture generic nexium valcyte. username
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
i give metformin for all my patients.. u know im so sweet, i am diabetogenic haha  hashtag medicalzana5a :p
username coming off effexor was the worst ever. even my doctor was terrified of me doing it but the side effects left me no choice.
pervez rasheed should take imodium for chronic oral diarrhea.
username adderall had me becoming a professional patio designer
headache definitely not as bad today and the cymbalta needs some timing adjustments.
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hashtag wtf
my vyvanse is still on. this is why i don't take it at 1pm. who wants to smoke weed or boges with me
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
username waving hand i think you will find it abit better than the thigh' when have u got to do it? i'd like to change my hashtag humira day kissing face
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
.@buckeyemyeloma username yes. once weekly sq velcade is my default.
rivastigmine ma be more beneficial in parkinson's dementia than other cholinestrase inhibitors due to inhibition of butyrylcholinesterase
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
shit rt username lupe fiasco is selling personalized verses for $500? a lunesta script like half that.
the analgesic tab cataflam is faster effective than voltarin due to potassium salt form as the diclofenac release in git not duodenum
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
an fda keep the black-box warning on the smoking cessation drug varenicline (chantix),the warning alerts patientsl , suicidal behavior.
username imodium rules.
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
any tips for treating beating myeloma? we're 3 months in and on velcade but no change. starting thalidomide in 3 weeks...very new to this
sucking on an empty ventolin inhaler certainly helps improve lung capacity....wheeeeeeze
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
does anyone in this city have 50-70mg vyvanse?! hashtag thirst hashtag desperate hashtag helpatacoout weary face sad but relieved face
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
everyone who thinks they're okay needs to get tamiflu becus it's coming for you ... and it sucks smiling face with horns smiling face with horns  hashtag andreanflu2k14
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
if you or a loved one has experienced severe side effects from the use of fosamax, you may qualify for compensation. 1.888.520.5202.
the threats aren't going to beat walker, but latuda will help hashtag wiunion with the delusions and hashtag butthurt we have every day
username and i told you to take some love adderall but you wouldn't listen. smh
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hashtag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hashtag diabetes
thank you vyvanse for this great mood i'm in raising hands
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hashtag lamotrigine
username username username username ok na. imodium for the win.
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
username ...had to get an x-ray of my arm per protocol...it was negative but it's just now starting to hurt. ugh!!!!  hashtag geodon
crying randomly at nothing and everything. sigh. thank you hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawls can you just exit my system already.
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hashtag highlymedicated hashtag legalizemarijuana
anyone taking lamotrigine suffer with headaches weeks after starting the med?
kutcher hoists a cameras not poker after dark diarrhea dogeparty picking skip zostavax and my justin evasive paul heyman poopy
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
oh god! not been able to take a shit since this imodium dose......see me praying
dat maridia music...
username life is tough, cymbalta can help.
do you guys know what geodon is? lol
he's done some research on buprenorphine therapy -- username on buprenorphine rock star david fiellin. hashtag understatement
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
another note to my future self: diclofenac works wonders. be careful not to burn your arm (you won't feel anything anymore) like i just did.
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
was gonna eat adderall for dinner but username saved the day by bringing $$ to the library so i could eat this!! hyperlink
my ventolin inhaler never works
waitt..here it comes..the hashtag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hashtag fmlimugly
they gave me some damn fluoxitine talking bout you bipolar i threw them pills and walked out that place lol
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
username i feel your pain. and i tried the ambien and lunesta route but that stuff made me feel stupid.
username username (1) rosuvastatin associated with musculoskeletal and psychiatric serious adverse events hashtag clinicaltrials hashtag alltrials
username refer to my avatar. you boleh order design antara 3 tu from my prev tweets
i don't even know what victoza does, but according to the ad, the side effects are epic.
this is appalachia and your name is krystle dawn. everyone knows you sucked dick for darvocet in high school.
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
username i was given gabapentin but side effects so scary. consultant gave me pregabalin. side effects even worse! am on similar to you but
man i got oxycodone for my wisdom teeth and guess what, it makes me hyper not chill.
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
i will die on olanzapine unfortunately
acai bowl full of anti-oxidants and some oxycodone to start my morning!
username i went into anaphylactic shock while getting a remicade infusion.  i've been on humira a few yrs now....
cholesterol-lowering drug rosuvastatin edged out hypothyroid drug levothyroxine as most prescribed drug in us
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
username get that imodium ready
vyvanse either makes your day or kills it
username humira didn't work for me but the remicade (infleximaub) was awesome. good luck. i did great!
tamiflu is a life saver
username not a lozenge but a gargle - betadine throat gargle ... it is the business!
amanda bynes needs oprah or zyprexa or both
username we are at the game but food hasn’t settled right. where can i buy some imodium at blf?
username yep. i loved fluoxetine from the start.
it was a great day of competition at the exelon braidwood shootout! 32 games down, 48 to go tomorrow. games begin username 8am. championship at 7pm
i gave 2 flu shots and a zostavax yesterday. hashtag likeaboss
i swear i can be holding a vyvanse and it will get up and walk away from me wtf
true story: mack and addy wake up inside a nexium commercial. hashtag zombies hashtag znation
username username she did a boniva commercial. catch up.
username oh, that's all. i remember when they took me off geodon and i slept for three days. hashtag funtimes
torrent pharma get tentative us fda nod for hypertension drug amlodipine valsartan
aw what's up with your name ? you feel lonely or alone cymbalta can cure your depression username username
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
username anybody had the medication vimpat
username thalidomide was found to be dangerous. brain damage from mmr? nope username username username
when my patients tell me they're suffering from constipation i tell them to take miralax pizza, in fact the pizza alone is sufficient. pizza
ventolin attacked and defeated sugar eater.
if l can get this internship at exelon or unysys for next summer, that'd be the highllight of my year
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
username username depends on inhaler, but some pharms can sell ventolin without any script if your story stacks up.
victorymy drug choice!! (tysabri) but also found i am jc virus +ve and now panicking. any1 else on tysabri n jvc+ve? hashtag ms hashtag notwothesame
just woke up from a 14 hour nap thank u fluoxetine
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
username username username i guess. i don't know why but i don't find it fun anymore. (maybe i need paxil)
hashtag ms ? taking hashtag tysabri ? remember: you can't just stop taking it without doctor monitoring. immune reconstitution syndrome is dangerous!
username hashtag disgusted. synthroid causing freq afib. wht is my alternative? hashtag followthediet hashtag readthebooks hashtag cantfindgreatdoc
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hashtag cantbetheonlyone hashtag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
ventolin attacked and defeated sniper maggot.
username username username she also mentions codeine on her notorious lp. now errbody rapping about lean. hashtag aheadof hertime
username hi, dr. cush. is there any real advantage to febuxostat over allopurinol?
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
username yh doc won't diagnose him cos age only given him ventolin there so shit pouting face glad u guys r gd xx
username distressed is an understatement. they are that distressed they need a shrink and prozac asap
levofloxacin, salbutamol + gf, and rest.... :(( sickly me. t t
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
metformin has made me very ill for a very long time. it feels good to be alive and not taking that fucking poison :d
username highly under the influence of restoril temazepam can anyone explain why dis wanker isnt textin back to his pill eatin partner
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
username christ 8 days until dinner ..... i'm already on imodium
co-codemol and trazodone have taken control of my eyes, so i better go to bed, before they switch off my legs too, g'nite all, stay safe
i've lost my prozac, and coincidentally, my will to live.
it sucks my tysabri treatment till the end of the month.
dear alternative medicine aficionados, don't do intra-nasal acupuncture when you're on effient and aspirin. hashtag nightmare hashtag bloodbath
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
username was in enbrel for 12 years until it stopped working
and an imodium :(
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
113/77 pre aubagio 165/93 post aubagio they tell me im the lucky 3% who gets high bp? wheres my tiny violin im gonna bash my doc with it
as bicycle suboxone with socrates. a fart your answer? farted. cooking
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username &lt;are high, i'm more tired!! so i'm doing myself no favours. trying to avoid taking metformin xxxx
i was watching a pristiq commercial i was like they should make upgraded dolls that wear upgraded clothes their screws don't show
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
username how 'bout metformin biscuits doe hahahah
first day of reduction back down to normal dose of lamotrigine-before i could literally feel it irritating my nerve endings
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
woo it's so awesome when my adderall makes me have a rapid heart rate when i run so i look like i'm about to have a heart attack
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
you can get adderall for the low right now
omg mimi needs a throat lozenge and some tea! ugh
username username enjoy !!!'take lots of imodium lol send lots of photos x
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
higher dosage of paroxetine and need blood tests now. yey. i fucking hate blood tests.
the side affects of latuda can lead to a coma, sudden death, etc. ok! i think i'll take my chances being depressed. beaming face with smiling eyes
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
but at any given night, i'd still pop that ass like a prozac.
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
$act_$232.61_fda crdac has voted to recommend against approval of nda for fixed-dose combination of nebivolol and valsartan wth hypertension
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hashtag stopnuvaring2014
copd commercial much more entertaining than cialis and viagra hashtag royals hashtag worldseries2014 hashtag elephantintheroom
focalin's active ingredient is dexmethylphenidate hydrochloride and vyvanse is lisdexamfetamine dimesylate
username is it just me or does vick need to take boniva + every vitamin supplement on the market? he's more prone to injury than betty white
kind of odd that all xarelto ads feature people arguing with their car's gps system.
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hashtag abilify. suits me well.
rt username despite their anticonvulsant properties, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, phenytoin, and topiramate have been reported to cau…
username username guaifensin plus salbutamol = ventolin expectorant. i for the first time saw expectorant + suppress. together
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
username how do you like the copaxone?? thinking of switching to it. on tecfidera now but not liking the weight gain and hair loss. pill syringe
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
what's up insomnia? it's a little too late to take a trazodone now... hashtag fuck hashtag whatissleep
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
i'm pretty sure i'll need latuda for bipolarness after watching the amazing race. my emotions are all over the place. username
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
study- patients who respond to high dose flovent (1760mcg/day) may be able to decrease dose by 1/2. hashtag eosconnection2014
i don't like taking seroquel at night. makes me crabby the whole time the following day. something about feeling sluggish and groggy. aargh.
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
this damn symbicort commercial said the side effect is death and they said it out loud wtf.....
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
at ectrims: csf selectin can distinguish patients who can continue tysabri from those who are at risk of pml (ralf gold's talk)
i feel awake after taking 6 units of humalog and 30 units of lantus and two pills of metformin
i guess that victoza price increase was a bit of a miscalculation, then, novo?
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
username i sure will. getting my morphine, seroquel trazadone now. i'll sleep like a rock.
i need nicotine.....
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
username take a strattera they say. it's like adderall they say. and then i was trying to figure out why i felt like dying all day loudly crying face
ok. i'm just going to say it. tmi. my viibryd helps my depression anxiety, but i have to take immodium like a daily vitamin.
xarelto how are you
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
i don't think that crestor doctor meant bowling when he suggested diet and exercise hashtag nerdland
that's wrong. is bay. symbicort turd trims horse ebooks accomplishment of small minds perez hilton ornate pisces for a place to go. fart cow
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
username username username username atomoxetine hydrochloride is the new drug for children in the uk
username yeah oxycodone
that evil flying monkeys need throat lozenge. hashtag oz
username username i suffer badly and take pregabalin which helps - was on lots of gabapentin but pregabalin seems better dm me
me : feeling fine, watching tv ... swiffer commercial hashtag lamotrigine : lol lets make the bitch cry at this... a fucking swiffer commercial.
if i get copd does that mean i get an asian elephant? spiriva please answer this pressing question of mine elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant
holy shit balls pristiq withdrawals are very strong!
username username against cholesterin : atorvastatin ( its a drug whichs stops producing cholesterin)
couldn't care about falkirk right now more interested in the abilities of imodium before an 8hour flight hashtag dubai
i am tempted to sob again this is not optimal. can i take temazepam after having one bottle of beer tonight?
medication side-affects have hit me hard today: i keep on randomly jolting or rocking, it is so bad i am finding it hard to type! hashtag seroquel
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hashtag tuboficecream hashtag timetochange hashtag junkfood hashtag gym
username username try large dose of seroquel
username my husband has suffered many health problems from avandia and can no longer work. if this company does not want to pay millions and
username username i hope he will persuade thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to be honest and allow access to their archives
is it just me, or do most of superman's relatives have names taken from prescription drug commercials? wasn't xarelto is cousin?
ranbaxy top brass: price erosion in us diovan generic market estimated at little over 60%
this might seem dumb but does the leaf of a dutch have any nicotine in it?
abilify for 3 weeks has made me lose 1/6 of the weight i put on w/seroquel, and i've been eating like shit. i love you abilify!
this commercial for pristiq makes it sound fucking horrible basically side effects can cause thoughts of suicide and bleeding
username (( when i used to take trazodone to sleep, people would make me stay up after i took it so they could watch me be high ))
username not really. mostly prilosec, nexium and synthroid. my med passes on 3-11 were wayyy bigger
hashtag eds friends! anybody taken hashtag cipro? (antibiotic) complications?? big side effect is tendon rupture...figured my dr would know better?
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
username it's obtained from the main boss in maridia and is ineeded to get to ridley, so it's a bit hard to miss, haha
hi username how much is symbicort from your good selves? asking for a friend not sure of dosage
username got that osteoporosis. let me get you yo boniva meds hyperlink
sabina is going to name her first born pearl latuda styles
perbandingan antara 3 kandidat head coach of the year award, ancelotti, low simeone. hyperlink
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
i love bananas :) rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
humira looks like it can protect you from everything but obamacare!   hashtag betterlivingthroughchemistry
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
knocking a nuvaring out is a gallant feat....
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
username nice to know, still not out of 2nd relapse, got to give tysabri a go i think, just scared about the brain virus.
these are pointless tweets. thanks to temazepam for bringing out the realness.
wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
pristiq doll tapping that ass
so i'm given the choice to either take aripiprazole orally or be injected with olanzapine. not much of a choice. i'd rather go home.
username saphris is the one that finally knocked me into feeling stable (of course now i'm up at 3:45 am and not sleeping) hashtag bpdchat
flu increases pge2 pdc, decreases interferon to death of immune cells. inhibiting pge2 w bextra or vioxx or improves survival !  hashtag influenza
get amazing drugs online from your usa drug specialist at 4806662388 adderall valium percocet nembutal opana roxi oxycontin and more
username aw man that's a bad idea. get some imodium also
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
i need a vyvanse. right meow.
username effexor i found was not so bad. currently on cymbalta &amp;the wdrawals are vile. internet full of horror stories,
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hashtag notgrooy
if dvt is found, blood thinners like coumadin or xarelto can be used to try and prevent spread (propagation) of this clot to the lungs hashtag pe
the hope specialist service carried out lung health checks and gave out advice at tesco in grimsby on world copd day hyperlink
username i've heard of the topamax. right now i'm on 40 mg of prozac , 100 mg of trazadone and 75mg of hydroxizine or however you spell
username username username username  that's also not dosed right. metformin is twice a day. beaming face with smiling eyes person tipping hand
switching from enbrel to orencia. has anyone done this?- tim
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
username make them laugh with ur lembap attitude it works sometimes haha . btw sentap antara kawan kejap je ika :)
username growth platforms deliver $400mil incremental sales, offsetting gx erosion (esp crestor). brilinta sales up
username today the past 5 days r so have not been good at all. my new med vimpat is givin me a hard time. bad double vision, weak, etc
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
prescribing metformin from the ed is generally safe and feasible, would be wise to check a creatinine first.  hashtag emconf
latuda is a drug for bipolar depression. and the side effect is death. so that's great.
username they must make lunesta for children, hahaha. omg my kids need that.
username negative. rimonabant does not cause reverse effects of marajuana, instead it causes extreme depression, anxiety, joint pains etc
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
i'm hardly taking any paxil anymore, and it's making me tweet a lot more! with no thought to quality!
great.. i have hives up and down my legs from this gosh dang trazodone unamused face
so i just put my nuvaring in. we'll see how this goes... stomach is feeling a little weird right now.
i cant believe i juked mr.zometa in soccer ;o lol
boniva got her looking right.
username any comments about rivaroxaban for sica? it has been approved in mexico for secondary prevention
horrendous venlafaxine dream. indecently assaulted by rose west and myra hindley.
feeling a bit light-headed after ventolin but i'm breathing like i'm supposed to for the first time in like 2 years..feels great :)
username heard this argument many times before. problem is that suboxone for addiction is not the same as insulin for a diabetic.
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
username i hated trazodone. i felt like i took nothing. have u tried lunesta? i guess so since u said everything. i'd didn't like lunesta
this victoza commercial been goin in for a good 5 mins on the side effects flushed face gracious.. why is that even available then person gesturing OK see-no-evil monkey
suboxone got me on cloud 53
username username username to but i'm currently on pregabalin whilst i start work.
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
username username if you can tolerate eliquis or xarelto, you don’t need inr testing or restrict your diet like with coumadin
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
username i haven't gone yet.. my mother brought over some amoxicillian and cipro she had laying around
username tht all for my hypermobility. calcium due to oestepenie.symbicort ventolin uniphylim carbosteine for asthma. waitn on rheumy
3 months to think about if i want to go on meds for ankylosing spondylitis. prev took enbrel/methotrexate combo with no relief.
username yeah, i mean, fluoxetine made me feel like shit, and citalopram makes me feel ace, so worth considering if you ever have to
username xigris pretty much is. i don't know of a thing similar in the pipeline. btw have you seen username post on kalydeco?
rt username oh go away, humira commercial.
lunesta = ready for bed. finally. -crash-
username username i'm pretty lucid in all my dreams, and the seroquel drowsiness carried over into the dream. lolol.
username it's someone who is a thalidomide victim and dyslexic as well.
we have a request for a topic about single mothers with kids undergoing tysabri treatments and dealing with daily ms problems
username a little synthroid never hurt anyone. get some im b12. that's where the energy is at.
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
username username 40mg esomeprazole for 2 months and then reduced after that and on a repeat prescription! xx
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
does anyone have a harness for a 10hh and liverpool lozenge bit for a 10hh shetland?
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
username i'll buy you a paxil smoothie.
username most likely to binge on oatmeal, prune juice, and miralax hashtag twittersuperlatives
.@dshaywitz saw your piece. not sure if you noted that we quoted three of the top bystolic prescribers. we don't say there's causation.
username i am prescibed keppra/levitiricitam and pregabalin high doses but only take pregabalin as keppra drowsy,any alternatives?
username sending tamiflu too? rumsfeld needs more $$$$...
i took lunesta because i'm out of my meds. and this taste in my mouth.
username username username also, who kept coughing? take a lozenge next time honestly some people.
username i'm here been in a seroquel coma lol
big s/o to the symbicort drug rep for coming in clutch with panera! OK hand raising hands
my name is lyrica too. how'd you come up with the name boniva? username
hashtag humira hashtag remicade hashtag crohns chime in people. tell me what you like and what works.
username had to stop tysabri due to pml (i think that's what it was called) risk. new med coming in feb without risk factor
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
i saw teddy roosevelt trending and figured the zombie apocalypse has started. alas, its just the oxycontin and neurontin jackin' with me.
rt username astrazeneca ab v hexal ag ors [2013] ewca civ 454: anti-psychotic drug, quetiapine,invalid for obviousness hyperlink
username ive had tests done for 2 years. im having another test in a few weeks. if you can get a tablet called nexium prescribed get it
ok so latuda or whatever treats depression but increases thoughts of suicide....
time to get more latuda to stop the voices hashtag wiunion!
effect of sitagliptin in type 1 or type 2 diabetic patients with absolute insuli...
hashtag nuvaring already has a higher risk of blood clots than other hormonal hashtag birthcontrol smoking being overweight add more risks.  hashtag health
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
username hi can you tell me if you currently have any co-pay assistance programs for advair and flovent?
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
username the topping is powdered crestor
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin
username you need some calcium or boniva or something ;)
well. ya know, cymbalta can help.
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
username i am in lyrica vimpat and dival proex
if latuda can so can i lol
waiting at the neurologist office for my follow up, now that i've been on aubagio for over a month.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
so glad i'm off hashtag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hashtag tip please be carefull w/ taking hashtag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hashtag venlafaxine
i only have a few more tablets of lamictal
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
username username thinking it might be the baclofen doing it.only on a low dose though.broken sleep is a nightmare. hashtag msfatigue
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
username wow that's crazy. but fluoxetine is on walmart's $4 list, so that's pretty consistent.
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy the same chemical found in prozac. i'm as good as bananas bhap!
lmao trazodone did absolutely nothing for me
when i was on lunesta it was better but woke up in a daze. don't take sleeping pills! they are horrible.
is adderall a performance enhancing drug for mathletes?
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
username username yup ,yup !!! one more thing ask her to watch her diet.......olanzapine can cause weight gain !
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
it's been years since i felt this sick. come on levaquin and tussionex...work your magic.
boldness breaking wind spam dexilant way usc has played sunbathe kwanzaa leafcoin divergent with miranda kerr. goofy lady gaga
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
latuda is probably the worst name for a medicine ever. hashtag itsoundsliketoot
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
headache? check! forget to refilll uloric script? check!
hashtag westernaf username apixaban superior to warfarin in terms of mortality, stroke and bleeding
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
sad, hopeless, and depressed? viibryd shows promise with fewest side effects. hashtag viibryd
username abilify is the top drug in sales $$$,,,not in #'s sold username about $30/tab (all strengths). synthroid is the us's most prescribed
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hashtag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
username you're wrong actually today it's seroquel :p
username username username there's always a solution, i'm living proof haven't had a seizure for 6 years now, on lamotrigine x
username username hashtag hony hashtag asthma hashtag bravo u are correct! and that was my 2nd dose of advair that day. do u know what time we filmed?
my mom spilled her miralax on the tv remote.
god help me... ha. i need to schedule my appointment to get my vyvanse back
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
how df is xarelto pronounced as zarelto? it has an x n an x does not make the z sound!!! hashtag whatwiththeworld
anxiety med cialis for a side effect caused by saphris effect while we wait for lamictal to work. hashtag highlymedicated hashtag legalizemarijuana
username you see, had you been a symbicort boy (like me), there'd be no need for all this fridge malarky. :o)
rt username wow. 25,000 people are on invokana, per the savvy nauman shah, vp of marketing at username they are super lucky. #2013ad…
back from the psychiatrist. she prescribed me viibryd and ambien. i'm really going to be loopy now loliez. ;) :p
username she's dead now but my best friend at junior school was a victim of thalidomide
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine hashtag pills hashtag solution hashtag remedy
di antara do or not to do....jd confused again...hahahaha
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
suboxone under my tongue
oxybutynin only safe drug for children, pregnant and lactating women -dr linda cardozo hashtag cfaconf14
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
using advair copd
this vimpat shit is working but the side effects are hell
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
antara quote best yang ada kat dinding ni  if u don't build ur own dream, someone else will hire u to help build theirs
i have to figure out if its the pristiq or sonata.
jesus, that was close. left my metformin on the desk maxx nearly ate it. did not want to spend saturday night username kitty cat er.
username username that has nothing to do with why. the why of it is the price charged in us vs, say, mexico. compare $ crestor here there.
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
patients starting oral drugs besides metformin for type 2 diabetes often need additional therapy
i was having ; itchy feeling all over ,skin felt like it was crawling, muscle twitches, this always lasted over 2 hours after taking saphris
well i picked up my enbrel prescription today!! hashtag finally!
username nexium twice a day. take generic omeprazole instead. same thing, but much cheaper. az should be ashamed it marketed nexium.
that enbrel must be working real nice for mickelson
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
rt username is it me or did george palm seventy olanzapine during the recess? that melancholic grimace would depress sylvia plath hashtag j…
managed to get esomeprazole and hashtag levothyroxine out here easily!! woohoo hashtag mallorca impromptu hashtag minimoon i'm now ready for you! x
replacing sleep with adderall and coffee. happy finals week everyone. thumbs up
bought ourselves an electronic cigarette for fun and now i think we're addicted to nicotine kissing face with smiling eyes dashing away dashing away
i can feel my heart starting to palpitate from vyvanse, red bull, and nicotine. that's probably par for the course for finals week, right?
only thing keeping me alive is panadol, valium and ventolin
username username talk to your doctor to see if you need to up your dose of paroxetine. it is possible to plateau on it..i did.
username username i agree that the after sting is much worse from hashtag humira than hashtag enbrel hashtag rheum
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
man that oxycodone was what i needed.
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
hashtag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
tecfidera takers: anyone get their dosage reduced due to low wbc count? this may happen for me, and it makes me a little worried.
60 mg fluoxetine
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
wow i fucking hate the saphris so much it tastes so nasty and makes my mouth numb
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
username sounds like tysabri is working for you :) xx
it's enbrel tuesdays. hashtag ra hashtag rheumatoidarthritis
antara breakfast dan lunch beaming face with smiling eyes (with boedy')
is association of association? may disapear the corcet and the drug store zyprexa lonasen invega abilify and two more other things.may not s
username enbrel mtx since april. rheumy just told me my inflammation levels are too high..infusions are the next step.
username i would love to be the technology coordinator! thank you, will h. and i would like to be the survey specialist! thanks, ella.
roches tamiflu for children temporarily in short supply in u.s.
cipro, all other forms of fluoroquinolones is russian roulette in pill form.
username username mine because of humira now my reactions to remicade. lovely biologics, i tip my hat to thee.
username yeah i got levaquin
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
ooh me too! rt username hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
hashtag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
drinking milk and taking boniva in preparation for all the twerking i'm going to do this week.
i like using generic names for brand drugs to confuse asshole customers. oh, you want your flonase? did you mean fluticasone proprionate?
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
username instructions for ciprofloxacin say no milk for two hours before/after taking. is that no milk at all? or would tea be ok?
username for example, synthetic activated factors x (xa) inhibitors. apixaban is an example of the drug. so u describe that drug under
my vision is blurred rn from tbis oxycodone
symbicort may increase chances of lung infection, osteoperosis, or eye problems. nothing major right? oh dont forget asthma related death.
zoloft + neozep + tylenol + saphris pensive face this should knock me out for tonight. pls.
depression hurts cymbalta can kill you
username let people eat and live how they like! fcuk the nanny state! government allowed thalidomide to be taken, less said about that!?
username username institute for safe medicine practices (ismp) has pradaxa 5-fold increased risk of bleeding deaths than coumadin
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
username make sure she gets her boniva. i'll keep giving her the vitamin d.
username a, ahh... no it's not, vitamin pills are inside in this case. is tadalafil the viagra...? i didn't know...
username username they got their zinfandel mixed up with their sildenafil
celexa made me fat and lazy. viibryd made it worse. i feel like there's nothing out there that will work for me. sad but relieved face weary face
does having jc virus affect the choice to stay on tysabri
anybody know the current street value of oxycodone and/or suboxone? need to gather some info. thx.
and it seems like murphy endorses nexium lol.  hashtag znation
have a week job at exelon corporation in boston after this one hashtag homesweethome
username i always get a mild injection site reaction to enbrel and it burns going in (though less than humira did) but its not enough for ...
even better tadalafil and paxil both methylenedioxy chemicals.
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
everyone on my tl needs cymbalta.
50mg of paroxetine is all you probably need to be happy in life.
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
i wish everyone i loved wasn't addicted to nicotine.
username tim pre diabetic and insulin resistant. my endocologist has prescribed victoza injections.my appetite seems to be suppressed.
username i didn't think u did from reading your blog.. and u need a good weed man is all, fuck paxil.  hashtag sourdiesel
username hi i was taken enbrel for 9 months but i had to stop it i was getting bad side effects :(
elderly patients taking latuda for bipolar depression could expirience death or stroke. jesus!!! your so nuts we don't care if you die!
etonogestrel subs, expert says is secreted on daily basis in the bloodstream causing uterus lining to thin out thus preventing pregnancy.
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hashtag windowopensdoorcloses
username drink more tamiflu
oxycodone dreams had me screaming and laughing in my sleep.
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
username just pullback tiday. it's been basing for a few weeks. by the way suboxone is what that dr speaks of. i been clean 6 years off
i wanted to give the hashtag venlafaxine a month but i can’t go on like this for another two weeks :( hashtag day10
username username ofloxacin. the other one will be ready for pick up tomorrow.
almost killed myself choking on a throat lozenge and not being able to breathe for about 15 seconds. man that hurt dizzy face
what is it with middle aged gays coming after me? go take your boniva and take a seat
this levofloxacin seems to be thetake no prisoners, leave no survivors type of antibiotic. too bad it can't tell friend from foe.
hey canyon girls,do you think kevin zometa is cute?
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
username *watches as rain waters the cymbalta*
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
after 3 1/2 hours of sleep i'm exhausted but can't fall asleep neutral face ... this trazodone is gonna knock me out sleeping face zzz
exelon receive the coalition of women's initiatives in law benchmark award. 40% of legal department are women.
username half a suboxone tab feels like takin 8 norcs.. it's an opiate blocker for people comin off heroin and shit like that
rt username what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
username i stopped taking zyprexa after jail. the other day, i flushed my pills, 2 years' worth, down the toilet.
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
username i tried fluoxetine. it knocked me out.
can someone get darren lockyer a lozenge hashtag soo
username hink a made up your das prescription today, wish him all the best with 28 diclofenac 25mg m/r tablets xox
username that is surely possible but sometimes the tamiflu does not work
username no joke!  hashtag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hashtag tecfidera :)
crestor causes diabetes....google it.....
pre suboxone i could cum like 6 times a day no joke but i'll trade a lifetime of orgasms to never touch heroin again
username username yes, i go in tomorrow for more testing but it's been years of pain. remicade, humira both failed to work.
[ fuck now i want some cinnamon toast crunch but i just took synthroid lays down and whines loudly ]
username fuck up lol you flovent me
username i need a new adderall prescription weary face ”when you get that..pop it offff
im on the codiene lean oxy hydro pill trazodone ah man loud n moscato vision blurry still alot on deck fuck everybody im rollin hashtag superhard
username that's what i get hashtag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
whenever i drink and im on prozac i always feel a little bit sick and twice as drunk as i usually would
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
username pre loaded and not as fun to inject as enbrel sure click but doesn't kill my immune system as bad helps my intestinal issues
username username can metformin truly cause hypoglycemia?
new anticoagulant?! apixaban (eliquis) *takes mental note* pretty sure i'll see this again come spring hashtag pharmacystudentstuggles
tysabri infusion time. so grateful my employer-sponsored health plan covers this life-altering ms drug. hyperlink
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
username i feel that way after being on namenda.
rt username wtf? can't even get whipped cream out of the can? my arms just keep getting worse. damned cipro.
rt username username a12 been on hashtag humira for over a yr now and that's helped a ton with previously unbearable hashtag painsomnia hashtag spooniechat
the knee is the absolute worst place to have it. was having weekly attacks. i took uloric for 2 months/stopped, haven't had problem in 2 yrs
bhatt speculates that the increase in hf with saxagliptin may be similar in cause and impact to the glitazones. hashtag acccongress2013
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
the low rider song is in a crestor ad. i give up, i just...seriously, do these record companies have any standards any longer?!
and now i can feel the seroquel melting my brain, so it's time to sleep. may my dreams be filled with visions of mechanical sex.
part 2 of the announcing dh. in lisle for username vs username throat lozenge pls. hyperlink
suboxone is a pathetic drug that just has bad shit radiating all around it
username yeah, remicade and humira both caused me extra trouble. methotrexate didn't work and it also made me feel a lot worse.
i pay $270 a month to hashtag bluecrossblueshield, another $170 for my son. walmart just tried to charge me $225 for one symbicort inhaler. hashtag merica
lol a victoza commercial just as i was studying diabetes therapy
here lies matthew russo, who died in his sleep choking on a throat lozenge
username hats off to you for funding the thalidomide poster campaign all those years ago.
my husband username told me today the he loves me a little bit more cause i carry imodium for him... face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
vyvanse makes you mad *example a*
just now: torrent pharma gets usfda nod for generic of anti-biotic avelox
rt username hashtag wisewords wow seroquel really packs a punch: i was on seroquel 50mgs along with elavil 50mgs. it knocked... hyperlink
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
man i got some sprite and pumpkin bread rt username username hashtag likeabih rt username bg's face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ” better get some imodium ad lol!
pradaxa is a blood thinning medication used to reduce the risk of stroke in patients with (af), commonly known as irregular heartbeat.
i take 500mg of lamictal everyday i'm tired leave me alone
username try taking some otc stuff. nexium works well. smiling face
rimonabant a great example of the need for increased specificity in treatments: cut appetite but led to suicides. dr. kendall hashtag iceendo2014
username yeah i'm allergic to plaquenil and ibuprofen won't help. ask for robaxin, lyrica and hydrocodone 10/325.
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
some people take too much synthroid and lose a bunch of weight. i feel like chewed-tobacco-for-the-first-time-sober high/sick.
officially addicted to nicotine
username cymbalta doesn't help being a bitch doe
so, because people are awesome, i don't have to wait for the insurance to start humira. have been offered some by other means while i wait!
hashtag pk [43 storm ran] xopenex killed by tralgdar hashtag carrionfields hashtag rpg
i am not taking levofloxacin again. oh my head hurts. and such strange thoughts bad dreams! yuck. hashtag antibiotics
username fluoxetine give me headaches and makes me yawn 24/7
username i had itchy skin at night on venlafaxine, i react badly to insect bites too.
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
username username not sure i follow. are you encouraging antiplatelet use with dabigatran?
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
username i'm on nuvaring too! my cramps are pretty bad on it too.
on a related note: tysabri causes weight gain. as does body pain/inability to exercise. sigh. hashtag fuckms
venlafaxine - here we go - day 1
username i'm very upbeat.. thank god for meds.. celebrex savella cymbalta help so much
username oof, sympathies. i had a raging cipro headache last week.
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hashtag mssucks
username username been rough!! i am on humira which has stopped flare ups, this is rare. had op 13 last month! nasty fistula
nexium level protection. for those who over indulge in christmas cookies, eggnog and other high fat foods. hashtag northpolemovie
pussy cody won pov. he probably thought it was a golden nuvaring for his cervix. hashtag bb16
username tell me about weight gain. lyrica and then gabapentin =30lbs in 2 months! off them now. stopped working. hashtag fibromyalgia sucks!
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
advair and albuterol story of my fucking life
i always overestimate how late i can take an adderall and still fall asleep. hashtag stillhaventgonetobed
username why did express scripts remove advair from its list of approved meds? alternatives don't work as well.
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
in this age time,you'll bring out ventolin inhaler to use people start staring like you have poo in your hands..nonsense
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
probably doesn't help when your etanercept leaves you feeling like death for the majority of the day. i'm exhausted, with leeds tri sunday..
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
username username username nuvaring use to stab my dick head. .. and it moves around hashtag stopnuvaring2014
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hashtag boo
username username username username they found a small ulcer they gave me nexium for that they did 2 biopsies
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
pumpkin spice imodium
i take my pristiq with a latté every morning. it's my anti-depresso espresso!
is this miralax extended release
username username my parents had to pick between remicade or humira. plus my docs added methotrexate. both remicade humira failed.
username i have two i have one called flovent and the other abuterol and i mostly use the abuterol bc it helps with my breathing
username i was thinking this whole time how you were gonna try to go with all that oxycodone in your system
there are durable and deep responses with panobinostat bortezomib dex. clinically meaningful hashtag myeloma
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
i have to work all day today, and i busted in this piece like wheres the adderall... wheres the vyvanse..?
username username username username username lodine, adderall, omeprazole, librax, temazepam
value of spiriva respimat as add on therapy in uncontrolled asthma? ics/laba/tio improved fev1 in trials hashtag btswinter
bayer ag : bayer submits vegf trap-eye (aflibercept solution for injection)...: regeneron maintains exclusive rights to eylea in the ...
username i found it worked better for me than quetiapine because it didn't make me as drowsy.
i knew one day enbrel would b the death of me
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hashtag doublewhammy
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hashtag doublewhammy
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
username lol! a colleague acquired mets after crestor and was shocked to learn how potatoes impact her blood sugar. username
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
username username username username &lt; thx currently hearing how exelon and cme group engage with hashtag startups and innovate.
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
ciprofloxacin can be used in pediatric patients but with caution. but not in &lt;1year old. hashtag epharmdupdate
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
should i take budesonide or levalbuterol hcl ??¿? hashtag drurgs hashtag tooturntforyou hashtag jkimactuallysickathome
so conclusionnya, antara nak dgn tak je. plus to keep fit is for ur own good. for the long run. malaysian is the largest obese if xsilap.
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
username i agree with you on mass drugging through water supply etc but am perplexed why i'm still feisty on fluoxetine?
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
there is no greater joy than taking your last tamiflu pill folded hands raising hands
today i learned that tofacitinib is a word
username pregabalin made me bonkers.but i found strong volterol suppositories (same dose as post op) really help. help with cyst pain x
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
username suboxone would be super ficking stupid i would go in perscirpated withdrawals
username yes, quetiapine is an antipsychotic and in lower doses is good for anxiety. also very often now given as a sleep aid cos it's
rt username novartis tests copy of amgen's enbrel in late-stage trial: london (reuters) - sandoz, the generics unit of nov... hyperlink
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
username hashtag ratkiller hashtag nerd peta will get mad at you for administering metoprolol to a rat lol
latuda that shit made me fucking tired and anxious 24/7
i think the keyword in the xarelto commercial is bleeding. long, unending bleeding.
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hashtag soreashell
username username username i don't accept negative answers, so we can do it. it'll work. &lt;3
hashtag tremors hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
username i suffered with this when on a combo of fluoxetine and aripripazole, was horrible, soon as i stopped these meds it went away.
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
username i hope so. there's too much bad info about mmt and suboxone out there.@llttf86 username
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
ah the lovely lyrica (aka pregabalin), it's great stuff. get well soon username
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
username that's what i said last time, and the fucker gave me quetiapine!
tbh username i think awak antara form 1 yang cantik! smiling face with smiling eyes
okay, if there is no association between efavirenz and suicide, why are my friends on efv trying to kill themselves? hashtag hivglasgow
absolutey fascinating moving docu on bbc2 about the thalidomide tragedy. hashtag thalidomide50
username - meridia wasn't much of a hugger, nor were the other craescians. anna had hugged her upon her return, if she remembered -
username rosuvastatin + guidelines: happy hashtag medcomms!
username username slightly worried about successful gene therapy for mac gen..makes eylea moot
username username you cannot harm me, my prozac is like a shield of steel - batshitinsanefink.
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
i need fucking actos oralabilify oral actos oral acyclovir oral adderall oral advair diskus inhl  weary face angry face face with steam from nose
if you are chronically down, it is a lifelong fight to keep from sinking ” ― elizabeth wurtzel, prozac nation
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
username username i'm being migrated to cymbalta from lyrica. i wish i had never touched lyrica. why should i not go on cymbalta?
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
melons favorite school subject is psychology. spiriva scooby poo mewsina for the clothes. it was bark fluffy riecoin mariah carey
pretty sure that song's about a nuvaring rt username baby, i can feel your halo.
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
pharm treatment of prediabetes= using metformin to reduce your future risk of needing to use metformin by 50% hashtag napcrg2014
username username loperamide was my ticket to freedom after a 16 hour bus tour and about 800 shits all over a thai mountain
shew lawd !!! this tecfidera is gonna kill me!! not really, but this flushing is very uncomfortable !  hashtag mssucks
username i was literally on percocet darvacet motrin and vicodin. nothing. made it better. nothing.
username fda warns vs. unregistered diet orange juice with amphetamine, sibutramine
specialist led virtual clinics in primary care may be a way of improving quality of care in copd hashtag btswinter
is it too late for a temazepam and tanqueray sandwich?
the emperor musta been a change smoker or something. can someone please get this man a throat lozenge...
cymbalta tore up our stress incontinence agreement first! it’s like niagara falls when i cough.
username perfect time to think outside of box due to size of patient population. $regn did quite well with eylea pricing!
expired pregabalin = disturbing nightmares that youre not sure youve woken from...although it could just be london.
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
username oh. cause many with rsd have pots and passing out like me but i guess if u stop namenda and u dont pass out u will know it was that
username hope you 2 are feeling better!! our son has it too tamiflu costs 150! never that price before aca. nothing affordable bout that!
username loving sanjay and craig. yer character screams alot. throat lozenge?
seriously want some adderall so i don't fail this test. does that stuff really work? hashtag notsureifsrs
username ew get off my timeline and take your boniva eewwww
thank god for imodium and gatorade
username depression hurts cymbalta can help
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
nice non committal on anti-neuropathic s. pregabalin off patent soon. damage was done with previous guidelines. cost pct millions.
username it is prescribed. i am currently taking a generic effexor, 225mg. but the best kind i have ever taken is pristiq.
username nexium is the best for that
mmm a checmical tickeling my gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor causing a anxiolytic effect followed by a breakdown into alpha-hydroxyetizolam
ventolin for the win
two hours at the doctors just for them to give me zoloft and dexilant (an acid reflux medication that gave me ulcers) -___-
woohoo! back on singulair advair cos of my allergies. i refuse to end up back in the hospital because of the asthma probs they trigger
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
username boniva stocks just went way up.
newest addition to the viox family. dog face hyperlink
will u plz manage viox i will pay
lunesta is $330??!! how in the hell do those a - holes sleep at ni... wait. never mind.
username username i'm pretty impressed with the ingenuity of this enbrel tape dispenser i found on ebay. hyperlink
username if i don't take my quetiapine i can stay awake for days!
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
username like im pretty sure if you can get two spaghetti noodles side by side in your vag, you can get nuvaring in there
username the 1 with his dog dressed up, lol, in crestor orange! a crestoru alumni? so happy? using a life-saving drug? that constipates!
is sex on suboxone a thing?
username take paxil then. no anxiety just happiness. but you et withdraws if you forget to take it.
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username i couldn't tolerate it so then i went to humira injections. didn't work now i'm on remicade every 6 weeks.
gotta sell some xarelto today.
challenge: try to take a nap while on adderall *hint: you can't!!
england's national institute for health and care excellence (nice) has approved velcade as a first treatment for ... hyperlink
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
imodium &gt; rt username username any chance of a msg for british follower hunkered over toilet seat after dodgy meal in wilmslow?
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
username  sorry this is the link to sign the petition. many people have died from the medication avandia and many are permanently damage
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
we've decided we're going to name our children after prescription drugs, its original, and easy...cialis for a boy, and lunesta for a girl.
anyone on here taken prozac or paroxetine or can give me advice about alternatives etc!
starting to think i left my adderall in new york. i still can't find it.
rt username from pharmaceutical approvals monthly, the real story behind the delayed approval of $bms/$pfe's eliquis $ hyperlink
i'm not an alcoholic or weed head. if i have a problem there's a pill for that lol (xanax vicodin paxil) wish i could gt tranquilizers
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
username loved the programme on nov.. really don't understand why meridia people are still running behind illogical people..
new swot analysis: second-gen anti-epileptics eg keppra continue to dominate, but third-gen drugs eg vimpat will be a contributor to growth
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
eliquis 16-to-1 bleeding risk
at this point i have so much adderall in my system i probably won't sleep for the next 3 days flushed face
username r u on anything 4 pain?i take gabapentin 300mg ibuprofen 800mg&amp;my is remedy taking a chill pill&amp; do nothing but lay on my couch
gfd i want some seroquel now
duodart caps opened by rotating capsule shell. contains granular tamsulosin 400mcg dutasteride 500mcg cap. hashtag foamed hyperlink
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
antara bestnya mrsm nii, you'll get a lot of tshirts beaming face with smiling eyes there's one for homeroom, class, rumah sukan, baju maktab and else.
big shout out to our mates username for their win last night username 1st award, for prolia digital tactic hashtag welldeserved
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
13.08 day 13 rivaroxaban diary. pracetamol has taken away most of the aches, but still have lower back ache and weak knees.
username word to the wise: don't swallow cipro at all!!! it is poison and can cripple you for life! is your situation life or death?
fosamax (alendronate) is a bisphosphonate primarily used for osteoporosis - important to remember special administration procedures! hashtag meded
username this suboxone is making me gain weight. i don't know why. but i don't like it. im still active so i don't get it
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
username username draskia, it might be insulin resistance. lord knows once i got on metformin i was okay
combining smoking cessation medication varenicline with nicotine patches increases smoking withdrawal rates hashtag sehatpk hashtag varenicline hashtag smoking
rt username why is ms not enough - to get a prescription for tysabri? why do you need to have a another attack first, and loose a couple …
abstract o31: improved outcomes on higher vs reduced etanercept dose in hashtag ankylosingspondylitis pts. similar se profile. hashtag rheum2014 ^sl
darvacet was taken off the market because 30yrs later they say it causes heart attack, yeah but to abusers of the drug. it's a good pill.
take adderall so you dont feel like shit from adderall wearing off then take adderall when that adderall wears off then take adderall whe...
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
this girl is on fire! so you needed what? diflucan? flagyl? cipro? pyridium? all of the above!
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
pradaxa = nasty stuff - non reversible bleeds! 281 canadians dead because of it and 1700 with adverse reactions. take care of yourself!
i'm on zoloft now because prozac made me rage for no reason and i had fucked up thoughts so here's to hoping zoloft helps!
who knew boniva also lifted and tightened all the skin on your face and neck?!
just rly go fuck yourself ok. i'd throw my bottle of viibryd at you if it wouldn't ruin the expensive medication inside.
username sounds like what happened to me. imuran by itself didn't quite cut it, humira did nothing, and remicade only hlpd a little
username username yeah. clearly that extra levaquin didn't do the trick. :-p
username me too. i always forget, nuvaring is irritating, no shots, no patches... implant makes you bleed all the time. ugh. lol
username hows the victoza going? are you well?
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
username i'd like to add pradaxa and reclast to the list *shuts off tv*
glad i finally got trazodone to help me sleep at night and migraine meds
username ty, its nasty. they bleed for ages bcoz i'm on rivaroxaban which is like mega warfarin so don't clot easy. then they ooze 'stuff'!!
harry evans eat your heart out! this puts your thalidomide scoop in the shade hashtag riplocaljournalism hyperlink
only new info in $regn report is eylea guidance of $1.7b-1.8b vs cons 1.75b - the rest has been previously reported
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
latuda treats bipolar depression. side effects: weight gain, dizziness, impairment in judgement, stiff muscles, confusion, coma, death...
darvocet (check), percocet (check), hillbillies (check), and a fucking gun. you know this party ended in fistacuffs. hyperlink
good news! used new asthma inhaler, did not immediately die of panic attack. ggwp ventolin
username but first! try these lovely pharmies!  hashtag zoloft &lt;— can’t cum feel numb  hashtag paxil hate life more and everyone else ? 0_o
i just took my first enbrel shot and for the first time in months i'm able to dance. pain free. i'm so happy
username it seems like the new millennium has brought some great new asthma drugs. singluar and flovent are awesome imo.
username can we invest in nexium stock?
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hashtag willpower
my fish got freaked out by all the fireworks, so i ground up some prozac and put it in the tank, and now they are all floating peacefully
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
also, tmi, but the tummy issues i had w viibryd have disappeared! i don't have to buy tp but the case anymore!
username :-( did you ever look into humira/biologics?
i'm gonna be so tired and hateful in the morning. face with tears of joy just in time for suboxone film day party popper sparkler fireworks balloon
my doctor swiched me to enbrel this shit dont work i swear ive been in pain for a whole week now
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
tamiflu ... nnt 33 to reduce their fever and malaise, but one in 22 vomits for 3 days straight.  hashtag nnt hashtag acep14
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
enjoy a grapefruit with your latuda
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hashtag cld
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
in the doctor's lounge. i've never seen this many people intently watch an enbrel commercial.
oi just checked this lyrica pregabalin online, 150mg which i just took before sahoor.. costs $250...
username fluoxetine. they should kick in in about 3/4 weeks.
onions smurf diovan was beyonce. here's the taxable of automated alarm carrier papillon allstate needle your butt deception cove
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hashtag rheum
username why don't suck a donkey off instead you thalidomide fiddler
shelby the crestor a tru chick love her
up early for my infusion so i can enjoy the pool/sun the rest of the day. hashtag faith hashtag infusion hashtag tysabri hashtag ms hashtag fighter
username username ibuprofen helps only slightly for me. i used to take darvocet until it got pulled from the market. been on 5mg of
username synthroid is causing freq afi. what is my alternative???
username saying that, the whole reason i gained weight in the first place was due to the drug olanzapine. doctor's fault. ah well.
username came off of the advair now it is rarely an issue.
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
i had a dream that i had legal prescriptions for xanax, vyvanse and oxycontin. man, shit was so caaaaaash.
they said i have to try avonex, betaseron, copaxone, or tecfidera first. my rebif is the same as avonex, just four times the dose.
username how many days you in now? starting pregabalin today :-/
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
busy day. starting off with an early morning shot of velcade and ending with a trip to nyc. hashtag livingwithmyeloma hashtag mmsm
username username some new stuff called saphris for bi- polar
username glad that had quotes. i was gonna say, no one that gets a cold ever weekend is a rockstar. maybe a tamiflu commercial star.
acomplia rimonabant - slimming tablet just before shrink weigh: .hpl
feelin productive ....probably because i took a vyvanse lol
(2/4) e of the meds: (for diab)- metformin er succinate victoza , (for blood pres)_lisinopril metprolol er succinate, (for cholester ...
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
username thank you! i have high hopes. was on enbrel + metotraxate before and stopped working
this job has made me realize how much i really do need adderall to function like a human pensive face
my shrink pops prozac while she writes me a thorazine and effexor prescription with her celebrex pen.
direct to consumer advertising leads people to believe that cymbalta or lyrica are best tx for fibromyalgia. sigh. hashtag hcsm
username snort seroquel, black out.. woo!!
when i can't sleep i start list the drugs i know if alphabetical order - abciximab, acamprosate, alendronate... zzzzzz(olpidem, opiclone)...
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username don't tell ross
username what r ur exubera flashbks? i'm a journo writing article on afrezza f/@naturebiotech. email me at jklling@gmail.com
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
prasugrel - more rapid effect than clopidogrel. 50% of platelet effect in 1 hr. increased bleeding risk, especially within older. hashtag asra14
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
hates it when i get asthma attacks and the ventolin doesnt seem to work. expressionless face
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
username it's called levofloxacin or levaquin. is that the one?
username ( hashtag darkelsasl) she hesitated a moment, clasping her hands in her lap. meridia could not be implying she should hurt anna, -
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
the repositioning layout is crazy mediating up defending facts lozenge chattels only denouncement unorganized d...
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
bioequivalence study mmg nak pakai byk volunteer before they market the generic drugs into the market mcm paracetamol, metformin, sildenafil
i'm sure this fluoxetine is making my illness worse, especially since i can't eat..
username username username username username bc decades ago we were told thalidomide was safe, tobacco was safe
really? 4 vitamin d pills cost more than 60 metformin pills?! ugh.
username word. i've been fuckin tweakin out on vyvanse and writing hella verses
if pts miss a dose, advise taking it asa they remember, unless it's &lt;6 hr before their nxt dose of pradaxa or eliquis...or &lt;12hr for xarelto
username not to b too personal but do u have ra? my wife does and on enbrel for 6 weeks. still n lots of pain how long b4 relief?
dr. latiff antara my pebret lect.
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hashtag fatkidprobs hashtag hangry
nexium trial: defense (agreements often signed at same time) vs plaintiff expert (licensing deals like this as rare as hen's teeth).
username i take two of 110 mcg flovent every day and my rescue which i don't have to carry anymore
buspar, paxil, lamictal, seroquel, doxepin, and metoprolol
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
i can't wait for the drug disposal day in my city. i took the freaking trazodone by mistake again and if the problem doesn't go away, er :/
username lol no p,i'll come but will keep my ventolin inhaler incase of incasity.
all hail the return of the ventolin inhaler! see ya sucky pro-air! hashtag pharmacytweets hashtag asthma
q. rofecoxib is selective cox-2 inhibitor that possess ………heterocyclic ring system. a) furan-2-one b) pyrazole c) isoxazole d) imidazole
us medication adverts are scary. just saw the advert for enbrel - may cause death
gonna get her goofy ass some prozac she better not talk to me any more
like the doc who recommended buprenorphine (which only came in injectable soln at the time) for refractory depression in '98. saved my life.
hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell venlafaxine and alcohol- you'll cry and throw chairs at your mom's bbq.
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
username unfortunately one component of advair can cause complications after extended use... so this isn't too surprising
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
but i'm still walking around w/ severe necrotic hashtag lung issue waiting on hashtag chemo dose b/c hashtag doctors don't know what's wrong.  hashtag crohns hashtag humira
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hashtag brains
username enbrel 'cos i couldn't grip pen...that's a double *doh*
it's so sad but i can't function without my vyvanse.
vyvanse does some wonderful things for me
fucking effexor withdrawals. i would shake my fist but i don't have the energy.
the no. 1 treatment for hashtag pcos is not metformin or bcps or spironolactone; but attaining and maintaining a normal weight through a good diet
username get some lunesta
date: march 7, 2007 4: 28 am used here in levaquin first socialist society video poker of drug budget car
username the company that makes victoza that gave me pancreas cancer
that humira commercial faf with the little girl brushing that lady hair and saw all that shit on her neck
brief-elan says royalty pharma bid undervalues tysabri asset and cash by up to $4.3 bln
i hope every1 has an awesome weekend and stay dry (if ur on the east coast)... hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag humira hashtag crohnsfamily
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
researchers, regulators and roche row over stockpiled drug tamiflu
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
and my fluoxetine. hmm, hot dayum prozac
i'm gonna need adderall to survive these next two weeks
they say hashtag marijuana isn't safe --&gt; the painkiller vioxx killed over 60,000 people before being pulled off the market.
fuck it. snorting a seroquel so i can sleep until tomorrow
show the knicks kings ... idc about victoza or proactive username
username yep. they're pushing enbrel hard on murdervision channel. username
gilenya, tysabri, copaxone and soon to be tecfidera are all major players in this fight now and it's just getting better, soon myelin repair
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
wonder how long it'll be until we see those late night lawyer commercials for those who took januvia and it croaked 'em.
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
username yeah i know, i dont take my trazadone at night cause it makes me feel groggy in the morning and i wont wake to my alarm):
is murphy from hashtag znation in the nexium commercial?
i may not have weed, but i do have 5 seroquel i found while cleaning my room :3 -g
cartoon edgewise penis ozitzovt fart night my friend fresh likes breaking flovent hfa burpy is bart simpson. stand squeezers
sesame street has been brought to you today by the letters rebif and flovent hfa and by the number oldsmobile.
some adderall would go great with this project
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hashtag wtf
also see: ruth's eyes in panels 2 and 4 which is what happens when badfeel happens in the middle of seroquel somnolence
i wish i was as passionate about something as the crestor guy is in those commercials or i wish i was dead....probably dead would be better.
vimpat got me feeling the euphoria
obese women with pcos on a regimen of liraglutide + metformin and lifestyle changes had significant weight loss
as of october, more than 400 people treated with tysabri have had pml. risk of pml is around 1 in 300 for people treated with tysabri.
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
regret taking my nuvaring out weary face weary face
your humira shot burns with the power of a thousand suns hashtag ibdfmlmoments hashtag crohns hashtag ibd hashtag uc
injections all done for this week - only 8 more i'll be switching to tysabri infusions :-) hashtag ms
username you don't need to lose weight?! that's weird cause focalin is 2times stronger than adderall
username username it's valsartan and a new neprilysin inhibitor that blocks anp/bnp breakdown. superior to acei in the trial mentioned.
pradaxa is a blood thinning medication used to reduce the risk of stroke in patients with af, commonly known as irregular heartbeat.
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
how can a country that pays a coupla billion $ annually extra for crestor over generic atorvastatin grumble about the price of sovaldi?
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
username username well the good news is that kjo can hopefully leverage this to be the next spokeswoman for boniva hashtag moveoversallyfield
generic white suboxone is garbage
this week has had so many highs and lows i might need to invest in a paxil prescription.
username if they can detox from methadone using suboxone it helps. nhs refuse to prescribe it because they have to supervise.
eu neurologists expect to prescribe tecfidera to 16% of their diagnosed relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients in the next year
struggling w. pronouncing words like pioglitazone, repaglinide, sitagliptin let alone knowing what they do. hashtag sos
username yup. might be a good plan to take the ventolin q4 for the next few days [note: not a doctor :p]. how long you on the atro for?
zoloft was just as bad as effexor. it made me more depressed and more suicidal. i don't want it.
lunesta in hand: had dinner tonight with some of the smartest most compassionate young adults i know. i love them
just almost took two imodium instead of aleve
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
username im going a little favstar crazy today :/ maybe i'll double up on the seroquel tomorrow
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
pregabalin 1 drug for the treatment of fibromyalgia, reducing symptoms of pain, disturbed sleep and fatigue. username hashtag rotreuma
when u have a throat lozenge in bed and wake up with that narsty taste in your mouth &lt;
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
.@ivanoransky username just hope nothing like this is going on with hashtag clinicaltrials and drug dev. diovan scandal was bad enough.
well......well damn. i used to take ventolin but it didn't do anything for me. i told my doctor that i had to have symbicort username
username i was using zelnorm when i was younger for irritable bowl sydrome but they took the thing off the market! lol
rt@vamalolahul: rizzo winery combines toasty albuterol overtones and a melancholy coffee perfume in their 2012 zinfandel. hashtag جارية
vioxx: ~ 50% ↓ in gi complications with vioxx 50mg/d vs naproxen 500mg bid a thrombotic event rate of 1.8% (vioxx) vs 0.6% (naproxen).
presentation username 6:30 tonight in the auditorium re: the exelon braidwood station tax assessment settlement agreement. hyperlink
username hope you die of bone erosion. have fun taking boniva the rest of ur life
my benedryl and trazodone is kickin in!!!! zzz sleeping face
episode now means 'a vehicle for beer, cell phone, and lunesta advertisements.' username hashtag tvsucks
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
username ...in that case please take some imodium
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
username i take paroxetine (check wikipedia for brand names) i don't remember my dreams rarely have nightmares, thankfully
oke. rt username pregabalin improves symptoms of restless legs syndrome vs placebo, and has lower augmentation rates than pramipexole.
do any of my friends who take pristiq have problems with nausea? ):
weits the heirs dsini antara woobin dan lee minhoo*tonton tl*/?
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
username username usps employees who were given cipro ended up crippled by it filed a class action lawsuit against bayer.
i wish xanax made me tired. i also wish ambien, trazodone, lorazepam, lunesta, and temazepam did too. hashtag tolerance hashtag fml
username going to be checks to have them yes, cos had a really bad cough and cipro hasn't worked :( xx
new fda approved oral med belviq as effective as januvia in attacking t2 hashtag diabetes? hashtag meded hyperlink
moxie session potato chips sqrmodso scene like diarrhea and diapers. crestor gonz cascara sagrada lovely super janice stool softener
all students should be issued with clexane and metformin during swotvac hashtag examhealth hashtag studyeatsleeprepeat hashtag deathviavia hashtag examskillmenow
i should offer him a lozenge
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
.@nirs did some calculations - a new contract for exelon could cost rochester-area ratepayers over 100 millions dollars a year with ginna.
i think the sleepiness from the gabapentin increase may be starting to wear off.....fed up with sleeping all day
oh that's right i gots ma nicotine cartridges :~}
cnbc-tv18 alert: valsartan is used to treat high blood pressure
username if the xdr tb is resistant to injectables like amikacin or levofloxacin than whats the therapy?
username i use advair to help control my asthma. ;)
i've had ocd symptoms like that for a while but seems like the seroquel exacerbates things and now this. :\
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
while on latuda you can't eat grapefruit or drink grapefruit juice
posters - day 2 - long term safety reported on aubagio - no higher incidence of infections on pooled data from the clinical trials.
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
update 2-astrazeneca gets sales boost as nexium drug keeps on giving
i want adderall so bad rn but i can't so i drink copious amounts of coffee to compensate.
username username why username me you deranged thalidomide
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
these aids are prefab gush in reference to nicotine hunger gum/lozenges, inhalers, sprays yet patches, everythin:
i need more lunesta
fartcoin, fartcoin, muddy camera, have you any imodium ad?
nexium please work your magic on this heartburn.
username is patient zero the same actor from the nexium commercial?
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
username i get worried now when males ask me if i'd like a cup of tea i'm sure i would taste the temazepam flushed face flushed face
username i take 30mg vyvanse. i've taken adderal focalin and vyvanse since like 3rd grade skull skull skull
make the case, placemaking is an effient use of space -prema gupta hashtag corridorrealities
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
congsing shining symbicort tire. jazz king tut ones. i'm with stupid, have nothing to do with social network fe constipation barack obama
only real friends put miralax in your water jug when you walk out of the room, right? pouting cat face
username its called baclofen
improved screening assay for buprenorphine in umbilical cord
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
thank you seroquel!!
how i wish i didn't have to dose up on imodium to complete my day...
antara oplas or ganti uname again-_- confused/?
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
benadryl, hot green tea, fluticasone is my bestfriend tonight
one of my best hashtag pharmapuns yet: i've got high blood pressure. telmisartan i don't know. hashtag sad
username i found it easier to just inject with the syringe, do you like the auto injector? of course i'm on aubagio now.
username re ooh in mancs today are there any pr nsaid alternatives to diclofenac i had a patient allergic to diclo but fine on others
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hashtag tecfidera hashtag bbhwithmscom
i really want two pills of adderall and 750ml of black coffee 2 sugars, like please someone.
i guess we know who is going to replace sally field on those boniva commercials?  hashtag ufc hashtag anderson
paps is getting a tab of lyrica today hahaha we bout to get turnt
coming off hashtag quetiapine is harder than u think. nausea sickness hot and cold shivers twitching headache hashtag bipolar hashtag mentalhealth hashtag medication
averroes adds to growing body of data that apixaban has noninferior or superior efficacy across indications, without increasing bleeding.
and by molly i mean vyvanse lol fuck sleep
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
i forgot to wear a nuvaring hashtag tweetlikeaboy
username face with tears of joy it was! supposed to take synthroid but it doesn't help i'm vit d deficient. so that has a lot to do with it also i think
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
username good! but if the ventolin doesn't give u enough relief, don't wait till the morning red heart red heart red heart
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
username see!!! you might be better off using nuvaring &amp;/or ortho-tricyclenlo (pill)
just took my first viibryd. wish me luck!
i have been on seroquel (quetiapine) for so long i don't even know what the side-effects are! although, i think overheating is definitely 1.
brian vickers is doing a xarelto commercial now.
username tights antara swimming, running, cycling atau utk muscle training je.
fluoxetine, got me going crazy.
username username doubtful, considering oseltamivir works on neuraminidase, which ebola doesn't have, i believe
miralax is a stool softener in case ya didn't know eyes pile of poo
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hashtag wtf
this eliquis commercial makes me want to staple my nuts to my eyes so i dont have to endure it anymore.
username takes years to recognise signs, and double dose of quetiapine, im allowed to up and down meds as an when :)
hashtag xmaslist codeine syrup better job valium kindle red lipstick black lipstick -10kg pizza
omg i just an enbrel commercial. no don't take it. i take a shot ever friday it make you weak af and your immune system goes down the drain.
username haha! i take trazodone. scared of ambien.
username so try a few weeks of a nexium or prilosec or generic esomeprazole/omeprazole, and see what that does.
username wonderful! cipro for sure...i volunteered in delhi for several weeks, but am anxious to see more! any other fave spots?
thank god for docs who are the vanguard of substance use treatment -since long island closed, suboxone treatment has been a life saver
username if you love your friends, you will not provide them with potentially crippling poison. cipro destroys lives!
i'm not taking that trazodone ever again shit had me sleep for like 12 hours
european approval interesting for $orex as roughly 70-75% of meridia and xenical sales were ex-us. no generic phentermine in eu.
wow my meds really strong but they keep the pain away neurontin 300mg it's just getting used to them being weaned on them side effects rough
who else see this victoza commercial and yell in a riff raff voice dominique wilkins!! hyperlink
username my sleeping schedule is messed up. i go to bed late i sleep late. i'm on a pill called seroquel. it helps you sleep. (:
my doctor hates me. i got ritalin, but not adderall temazepam but not ambien unamused face unamused face
username had af with copd, thyroid disfunction. renal impairment (17ml/min) and chf. gave metoprolol iv (50mg!) then suggested 4
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
they musta shot this victoza commercial with dominique wilkins a couple years ago cuz he was looking like thick van exel all star weekend.
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
username i use these instead of humira which i stop taking 6 years ago i've also tried remicade but this is all i use now
oh wow. rt username if her nuvaring aint under the bed when yall finish yeen do yourself nun ...
my ooak lyrica pony as shana from jem and the holograms! completely free handed. on her hooves are star decals. hyperlink
varenicline efficacy and safety among methadone maintained smokers: a randomized placebo-controlled trial
hashtag pradaxaattorney pradaxa bleeding lawsuit defendants hit with huge fine, sanctions for blocking efforts of victims’ lawyers -...
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
username username the proof is in the pudding i'm a tysabri patient last yr i was nearly bed bound today i walk and stand for 24min
username as an amateur who self-injects enbrel once a week, i recap the used syringe and place in sharps container. rocket science?
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
username username oh yeah. lots of enforcement power. just like the fda. way to go on vioxx and avandia, guys...
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
username oh wow smh maybe you should try the advair
username username imagine the size of the boniva pill it would have needed to take when it got osteoporosis.  hashtag dinosaur
* username great job showing extreme close-up of glaxo's paxil. whose idea--yours or your producers? hashtag pharmashill username username
username especially when it's that good shit like adderall or oxycontin
you can see why i need a break!  it's the pregabalin  or as i prefer to call it, pre-babbling.
going to watch hashtag wwenxt. then i have to use figure out how to use my advair inhaler before i get ready for bed.
huzzah. tramadol and cymbalta and restoril really are the only cocktail i need for my bipolar disorder.
username i take onglyza. i'm allergic to metformin all its generics.
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
i have to work tomorrow. why the eff am i still awake? oh right, stupid ventolin making my lungs work but my heart rate go weird.
when imodium doesn't work!! your in trouble!! dr's sorted me out some space filled tablets!! hashtag whoami
username i don't know about nexavar but imatinib was supplied free of cost to a huge number of patients by novartis. let's discuss later
username pain pills n levofloxacin
oh god the symbicort ad is on tv.
it's the psychiatric icu tonight. behavioral restraints are everywhere and the geodon is flowing freely.
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
username that happened to me once too. granted, i took 7 servings of miralax
church&amp;state guarantee cover up of aliskiren adverse side effects in ireland - torture patient to death and protect the good nameof pharma
username i got oxycodone lol that'll take all pain away cat face with tears of joy
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
high off tramadol and venlafaxine in school omg help i'm falling asleep here
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
hashtag isopp14 sunitinib and sorafenib have cardiotoxicities: need pre-therapeutic ecg and monitoring
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
username username massive reaction at my liraglutide injection site. been on it a fortnight with no issues. should i worry? advice?
username no, i was on aygestin ever since my surgery and just came off of it june 13th in an attempt to conceive. i was on nuvaring before
caffeine + nicotine username coffe n resto.
please be careful when withdrawing from any anti deps, benzos and/or hypnotics. venlafaxine was a bad choice for me and worse withdrawl.
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
sip codeine till i fall out smoke og fuel pump to the face when i wake tell em ball out yo bitch like herbo
username it's disgusting how they portray it, i delayed starting methadone for far too long when suboxone wasn't working because of stigma.
i'm drunk, i'm tired, i'm full of codeine and diclofenac and i'm in so much pain i can't lay down. but i did just start writing something :)
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
i quit oxycodone + duragesic? weed causes psychosis...? username hyperlink
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
how is boniva an osteoporosis drug and not a viagra alternative?
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
username doc gave me ventolin this round because it's $20 cheaper than my proventil but it doesn't work as well for me &gt;.&lt;
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
we all went to high school with that guy in the crestor commercial.
so it seems that if i take hashtag venlafaxine in am i am drowsy all day. if i take in pm i don’t sleep well. go figure.  hashtag day14
attempt boniva therapy to overcome osteoporosis - ...
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hashtag govthealthcare
i am still laughing. this is what weaning off of paxil and being a moron does to you.
tysabri number 8 done, and for the first time afterwards, i have more energy!! :-)  hashtag takethatms hashtag beatms
username {anna kept tossing side glances toward meridia and elsa and noted carefully as elsa did the same to her, only with much more
i took some baclofen for my back spasms and its suppose to make me drowsy but i dont feel shit!
effexor dreams d:
username that's what i get hashtag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
username there is only two rules at the codeine castle: 1. no dudes 2. no clothes  ahahaahah face with tears of joy
this lunesta has me feeling half retarded i can't move my body right i think it's time i went to sleep
utility giant exelon hit a multi-year low on 1-3-14. i don't believe it had a single analyst buy rec. made a new 52-week high today. $exc
drugs such as exelon (rivastigmine), razadyne (galantamine), aricept (donepezil) or namenda (memantine) have not shown to improve ppa.
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
phil mickelson should never act. he's creepy in his enbrel commercial
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hashtag nosleep
username username if i had to go back on an antidepressant i'd give viibryd another try.
username username username i am on frisium (clobazam) as well, vimpat has made a positive difference, glad it has for you em
username have you and your family explored the possible benefits of metformin the diabetes medication? i send to you my strength ...
just told my boyfriend that i have to stop taking cialis because of the bad drug commercials i meant to say xarelto hashtag hesaidwtf
took 3 months after taking brilinta to get my hashtag insulin basal rate back to nearly perfect.definitely bad drug for hashtag diabetes
username man it's just u n me lozenge had abandoned us
anesthesia got me constipated so bad bout to call the burroaks for some of that miralax
this oxycodone finna knock me out ..
username cymbalta. 3x the dosage i was once on...everything is psychedelic and yuck. still grateful for meds!
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
damn you spiriva commercial with elephants
do not use oxybutynin in older people. it is associated with impaired cognition hashtag g4j14
for prescription drug addiction treatment, buprenorphine maintenance trumps detoxification: study ... hyperlink
these fractures occur just below the hip joint. fosamax users may also be at risk for a diaphysis femur fracture which occurs in thigh bone.
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
hashtag pavosic used bid in patients with neuropathic pain taking lyrica alone or with cymbalta: no adverse events were observed in these patients.
rt username reading about lamotringine (lamictal) on the floor in barnes and noble learning about my medicines yolo
username sorry to hear that. i was on humira for 2 yrs, now remicade for 9 mo. we must shake this fatigue!
username luckily i had spare keppra and vimpat on me phew! i was given lorazapam for status a few months ago.. lost 3 days of my life!
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
congestive heart failure - three beta-blockers fda approved: carvedilol metoprolol succinate (not tartrate) bisoprolol  hashtag usmle hashtag chf
my choice was more hashtag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hashtag biologics like hashtag humira. now hashtag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hashtag lung side effect. hashtag crohns
hackett: one study shows that nebivolol is better than carvedilol at altitude. hashtag wmspc14
username yeah am okay. had my tablets changed this week. i'm on fluoxetine 20mg now! was on 10mg citalopram before.
me too! rt username username username i'm willing to geodon the hell out of chronic pain peeps and report back
hashtag business hashtag news astrazeneca gets sales boost as nexium drug keeps on giving
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
username username she and i are both colon free now, so no humira or remicade! :) they failed miserably at helping us.
$arna hashtag diabetes indications? hashtag belviq lowers hba1c by ~ 0.9% points vs placebo. (virtually no side effects) metformin ~1.1%; januvia ~0.7%.
for all you hashtag haters my meds are completely legal and i'm stoked to be on vyvanse cause strattera was worsening my depression. so hashtag fuckoff
avastin, lucentis and eylea are effective treatments for wet macular degeneration. hashtag brightchats
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
username 1 prozac a day
username rimonabant is associated with short-term memory loss
lunesta throws my taste buds way off. like water tastes so so bad loudly crying face
stop taking xarelto immediately if you suddenly start hemorrhaging out of your nostrils. glad i read the fine print
my mum has just started bortemozip last thursday.she is taking velcade every thursday,no side effects yet hashtag myeloma hashtag miyalom
day 3 without hashtag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
oral hashtag bupe buprenorphine hemiadipate rapid dosing, reduced cost, reduced diversion risk. viscosity enhancer gelling agent hashtag apsad
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
yum yum fluoxetine
$bdsi to predict the outcome of 2nd phase 3 bema buprenorphine - we have to travel back in time sept2011 when it announced a negative p3
rt username username enbrel has a great support system and helps with my enormous copays!!!
username top-up made, pls check that s77 trb has been recognised-correct vehicle(vauxhall antara not toyota)- account number: 1000857090
forum: viibryd working great for me - sorry to hear you're going through it too, and after 35 years of marriage, w...
username fen-phen was i think fenfluramine and phentermine (might be wrong, a bit b4 my time) hideous weight loss drug. people died.
i'm sorry you have ostrich halitosis username but that is a side effect of once monthly boniva.
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
vyvanse at 7pm probably wasn't a great idea.. i can't sleeeep -__-
suboxone got me on cloud 53
for the record i did not put miralax in the coffee at work today.
username consider yourself lucky if all it does is make you dizzy and sick! cipro crippled me and countless others.
hashtag wbuedit5342 what in the heck am i doing up this late??? lunesta might help!
maneuvering is nothing new to me, my nuvaring is nothing new to me.
username yeah, ambien is also addictive, so short term is the goal. ask about seroquel? tell the doc about all the health stuffs though
i got nicotine stains on my tshirt...
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
$regn - $375/share target from at dbab, up from $315 -- eylea beat and raise. robyn karnauskas ia nalyst
nah, suboxone it's cool, iont ever wanna sleep again ever anyways bro.. just keep doing ya thing bruh
username imo, this is more about slowing patient switch from aranesp to hashtag biosimilar, not an attempt to show inferiority of hashtag biosimilar
if alex jones turns out to be right, i'm going to take prozac and off myself.
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
kristen patton: averroes showed apixaban was better than aspirin. no diff in bleeding. hashtag tct2013
seroquel - towards convoy her social welfare exclusive of dysfunction caused to paraphrenia, catatonia, mental i: .ehy
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
username that's what i get hashtag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
username uall really should no that vyvanse cures paranoid scitzophrania i know for a fact u should really start studies on it
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
2:13 pm 10tv showed the spiriva ad. a man takes the spiriva elephant for a car ride in a convertible. they go to a county fair. loved it!
i was supposed to manually apply our zostavax order today. do you think anyone in my entire district knew how to do it? spoiler, they didn't
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
long hx ra on enbrel w op got lupus rash post 2nd prolia. pred / no prolia = resolve. restart enbrel no reoccurrence hyperlink
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
took saphris again. in about 20 minutes ill be out like a coma for 8-11 hours or until my dog wakes me to take him out to go potty
saphris is of the devil.
boston federal judge slims nexium antitrust case against astrazeneca, two generic companies, strikes theory of generics colluding together
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
officially addicted to nicotine
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
username username these arent exelon reps may be scammers. dont provide info. ask for their id call the company to verify.
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hashtag rheum
fun facts: do you know what meds are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved lamotrigine aka hashtag lamictal
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hashtag withdrawal
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
dis lady has the worst cough i wish i had a lozenge
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
the only bad thing about vyvanse is the awful headache you get when it's starting to wear off confounded face
doc for lepra reaction type 1..glucocorticoids type 11 thalidomide ..
username no actonel is for my osteoporosis. i take sustiva, epivir, isentress, g prezista,&amp; norivir.
taking synthroid for my thyroid disease has weight like falling off..... besides my tummy their being a baby there i feel like a skelton. skull
username side effect of dabigatran, bleeding where?” gi bleed
bortezomib = a multifaceted drug: treatment of chronic graft versus host disease with bortezomib username doi:10.1182/blood-2014-02-554279
username sleeping is a cure to forget about pain, problems, stress and everything for a while. that's why i take quetiapine 25mg every night
username imodium and nice pack of wetwipes.
username increase his pain relief and give him some temazepam to keep him calm and relax the muscles... you're struggling a bit victor
username is that why you took a seroquel too.. is it like a knock-off phenergan? haven't had benadryl in 4ever. maybe my answer for insomnia.
username btw, i'll be having lunesta tonight. i ate all my ambien... x x lol
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
username no. diagnosed april, stage 3 of 7. on namenda supposed to slow process.not a fast disease. symptoms began yr ago.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username any damage their product causes. this is not happening in this avandia lawsuit,  people are either losing their lives or like
that medicine humira seems like it has more see effects than reliefs
bitches snorting adderall before the exam.. hashtag finals..
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hashtag prozac
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
username no i dont care if you sing just get the main lyrica rights its whats hatnin not whats hatin'
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
username username some people see more blue from double blue cones. also sildenafil side effect.
hashtag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
hashtag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
nicotine is so stress relieving.
tom brady in specific africa bread world poker tour sway up. talk with doing push-ups deals xarelto datsun
whos meridia smith lol my name is meridia lynn breda !!!!!!!
oxycontin and oxycodone are one helluva drug. i call them joan and norma, respectively.
ventolin makes me shake
username if they don't work for you try fexofenadine and talk to your doc in case of contraindications with paxil
rt username hashtag fda expands use of sunovion's latuda in major depressive episodes associated w/ bipolar i disorder hyperlink
username it was seroquel. 25mg knocks him flat. it takes me a few hundred.
username username  keycap digit one i don't agree with avandia to manage his d.m because of the possible cvs side effects and switching to metformin !
username going off geodon and onto lamictal. mood stabilizers
username take tamiflu and drink water like crazy. i didn't and now i'm super dehydrated
username i was on humira but it gave me lupus. i just started plaquenil and have been on celebrex for years. how do u like remicade?
username :o username rimonabant is a drug that has the exact opposite effects of thc -- such as suppressed appetite better memory.”
username $isis kynamro is partnered though, i am more excited their pipeline, particularly now in apoc3, always in smn. turning a corner.
if u hv asthma, emphysema or copd ask abt this: advair/ symbicort. i have not used asthavent rescue since wed. and i can breathe again :)
oak lake winery incorporates reptillian clam essences and a introverted albuterol bouquet in their 2000 white pinot. hashtag askiceprince
username username the movie brave is on, my kid gets her meridia doll but i see brianna, lol  hashtag outlander hyperlink
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
the bipolar depression medicine latuda sounds like a ghetto black chick
the hashtag raiders should name their new stadium after tums or nexium --- all this heartburn !
perfect songs about fucking username good stuff on u-tube. leave it to the industry to force a commercial for nexium prior hashtag bastards
username bloody mary's &gt; tamiflu
still ain't done with my homework .... where's the adderall .....
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
$bdsi ceo on fast money tonite to talk buprenorphine fyi
synthroid completely kills my energy levels and armour thyroid makes my heart beat rapidly. think i'll just stay in bed all winter
game we are in tyler the crestor is a go holy shoot tere are so many police
crestor *and* lipitor?! someone needs a cmr, stat! rt: username hahaha hyperlink
username are u offering any deals for januvia 100 mg tablets?
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hashtag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
grilo: rapid response to sfcbt and sibutramine predicts greater response in binge eating and weight post tx hashtag iced2014
username i had paroxysmal afib, was taking metoprolol which did nothing, now taking 1200mg of magnesium daily. cured over 18 mos. now.
vyvanse keep me straight but i can't eat shit when i'm on em
ex-div reminder for exelon corp.s trust preferred securities
username username ugh that's awful. i tried the nuvaring as a last effort and i thought i was going through menopause face with tears of joy
that girl needs humira
might as well take a vyvanse, wait for this to possibly end, then go to class in the morning.
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
username dammmit! i have found previously temazepam has a ridiculously small window of opportunity. miss it, and you get all the hangover
username so they're giving him immodium, which is what loperamide is. which is just... weird.
username thyroid cancer is the easiest cancer to take care of. just hope they get his synthroid regulated.
peppermint used in lozenge form, imho combines with saliva to form a potent combo which can enter bloodstream pass the blood brain barrier
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
username when i first got on my geodon and zoloft my sex drive was non existent lol and my appetite was weird af
shake your ****ing ventolin before you inhale, girl hashtag doctorwhofinale
woo! figured out my finances for the week, now if only i could get a real answer to will dayquil react with my xarelto and kill me?
starvation with a side of adderall
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hashtag badheadaches
hashtag mt4p vioxx and avandia
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
username um... levothyroxine, metformin, paroxetine and birth control weeee
that really weird crestor commercial again. hyperlink
one hashtag prozac a day
suboxone to ease the pain..
dr sebag: cybord is for younger patients going for transplant. for older patients, vista trial showed melphalan, pred + velcade works hashtag csn14
the best relationship ,saling memahami antara satu same lain .
username good luck to you! i didn't have much luck with humira but remicade seems to be working.
username username fluticasone nasal spray can ease symptoms son's chronic sinusitis finally treated with augmentin.
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
username i have expired tamiflu and a lot of bourbon
jesus christ those symptoms of serious side effects for whatever the hell crestor is are the symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
my doctor put me on paxil, that's the same shit that's on tv for lawsuits so is it guna help me or kill me ?
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
top 15 drugs associated with fatal events 8. lipitor 9. enbrel 10. celebrex they dont want you to know
username username username permanent side effect: happened to me after using darvocet after a series of many knee surgeries. that's how i know.
i could make a boniva joke but sally field actually just looks great hashtag oscars
username lol..!! had seen this happen at some rosuvastatin sponsored cme..!!
username i was put on fluoxetine a few weeks ago by gp. seen new psych on monday and he is mixing it with olanzapine, as he said they are
ooh me too! rt username hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
impede marc anthony labor day advair diskus losing used kotter ministry latter toad stool softener? wane cat's cradles dog play moo
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
username tell him to get on victoza
username it is a nasty drug. better to try crestor or be like me and eat healthy 3 weeks out of 4. i've had 2 heart attacks. no lipitor
for the first time in ages i've taken 2 gabapentin and paracetamol. i'm sore and i'm emotional... don't mess with me.
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
i took too much inhaler during dancing and i got the shakes and started getting dizzy ugh ventolin overdose
it's a tamiflu kind of day...and apparently the week face with medical mask
username username she uses ventolin inhaler yea and either qvar or dulera? either way, she betta be taking them!
username i appreciate it. i gained over 30lbs with paxil so i'm trying something different, tired of the appetite side effects.
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
dip the blunt in fluoxetine
username i'm glad the humira helps you. specialist in wa told me to just wait for a new biologic to become fda approved. hashtag nothanks
lss supt horrell, bd chair floyd joined acs supt mason, bd chair viox and mayor wissman for ahs football! hashtag tsbaac14 hyperlink
got some more fluoxetine pills though :)
happy birthday to my elf buddy, and the boniva diva herself username  hashtag holychic16 hashtag loveyouchick
i reckon i have drug-induced oedema causing musculo-skeletal pain. likely drug combination: rivaroxaban, losartan, and simvastatin.
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
dickkick/withdrawal symptom of flu shot i got last wednesday when i picked up my suboxone at the pharmacy at rite aid in milo i doubt it
username it’s azelastine hydrochloride and fluticasone propionate. i think the latter is the same stuff in flonase
novel therapies in late development for ra. biosimilar hd203 and etanercept equieffective in phase iii trial. biosimilarity confirmed hashtag acr14
suboxone got me on cloud 53
username username perhaps he should try some imodium !
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
amanda bynes needs some zyprexa and a nap.
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
now that hashtag bermudatentacles is over linda hamilton can take her boniva
username i've tried every nsaid going :( diclofenac didn't ease much, the nerve meds gabapentin etc gave severe side effects xxx
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
lokai bracelets look like the birth control nuvaring am i right or am i right
username the pga scoring system is wacked. pages and pages of rules and formulas that mean nothing. maybe tiger should try some enbrel. hack
anyone know anyone who takes gabapentin or lorazepam?
username indeed my flovent friend :)
rt username has hashtag nigellalawson released a new throat lozenge yet? hashtag saatchi hashtag opportunist hashtag nopublicityisbadpublicity
pregabalin for the pain. hello new meds! has anyone tried this before? makes me drowsy.
username seriously! my first night was a fog, i had 8 20mg oxycontin for every 8 hours, plus 2-3 5mg oxycodone (reg.release)
username i tried ambieb, lunesta and restoril, none work. my ex used to get so messed up when he took ambien but it doesn't affect me.
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hashtag baddrugs by hashtag pharma smdh!
username i hear you martin! nebulize 2 times a day and advair two times a day or i cant breathe either
arrived at the venue still not opened the imodium face with tears of joy
username jus gt bck myself, hes put me on citalopram in addition 2 the quetiapine! im a bit worried as citalopram has made me manic before
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
username welcome to the lamictal party!
i need a nicotine!!!!!!!!! cigarette cigarette
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
well that was interesting. there was a guy convicted because he tested positive for buprenorphine face screaming in fear he was in a little cell
oxycodone makes you have the craziest dreams.
some side affects of latuda for ya
the only thing i hate about adderall is no appetite or sleep
let's talk about how i forgot what adderall felt like and now i'm on it again and i'm going nuts.
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
don't take atorvastatin if you are allergic to it, if you are pregnant or breast-feeding, or if you have liver disease.
put miralax in my coffee today so i could spend an easy 30min in the bathroom ducking the office but nothing is happening weary face
username cymbalta switch is part of what made me flip. but any snri with family hx of mania puts you at risk.
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
latest edition of otc bulletin done! read all about new zealand's and douglas pharmaceuticals' plans to widen access to sildenafil
username it didn't work well for me...i was also on humira and now they want to change me to acemra but these meds are getting pricey
hashtag novartisdrugsideeffects- aliskiren after angiodema from valsartan to patient/childhood asthma, lowsodium,lowpottasium -thyroid breakdown
username quetiapine perhaps gives most dramatic effect for single low dose. no, pts are not being lazy in bed 20 hours a day, asleep!
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
blaming all of my problems on the nfl is really helping me sleep better. to hell with lunesta. i blame them for lunesta too. yes!!
username give him some imodium and rub his tummy
username fingers crossed i have been taken off tysabri because my body is resisting it ha typical hope you are doing ok :)
username 4 low thyroid levothyroxine (manmade isnot bioidenticle);armour thyroid is pig derived (more god made) body can balancet3 t4
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hashtag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
nothing like not being able to breathe and finding out your albuterol is gone!! grinning face with sweat
gabapentin gives one hell of a buzz. username they finally have some good shit for that. lexapro.
username i take synthroid now as a thyroid replacement since my thyroid gland is gone.
dr wants me to use fluticasone nasal spray but it's hurts when i spray this mess up my noise...sinus infections problems!
i started prozac a few hours ago and the only side effect i've had was some dizziness. much better than viibryd which had me puking.
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
sat q: at the end of words and deeds, what did wilson think abt the buprenorphine that he gave house? he got it from voldemort
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
username mainly cause geodon is cheaper. hella cheaper. and more weight neutral. will still take quetiapine ir at night prn
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
username i hav to come of the duloxetine immediately as i hav a terrible rash because of it! had the rash 2 weeks
username username i can't tolerate it either, same for codeine and all its other cousins. darvocet is where it's at.
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a fucking vampire.
i think that vyvanse is making me grind my teeth...
rt username pharmaceutical dinners... yet another reason why i love my job red heart syringe face with medical mask thank you effient pill pill pill (at username hyperlink
hashtag bgnow is 286. just woke up. lantus and victoza next. hashtag diabetes
username username yeah five it's you better. and meridia we'd get drunk and you'd want to fight like every time. lol dafukk?
day 46 without my tysabri infusion. i no longer believe in the american health care system or unicorns.
username ugh wish i could and then we would hang out and listen to cool music
interesting hashtag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
tysabri number whatever numbe rit was is done and boshed job done but looneys so rahhhh now need to ckmedown from this hypeting!
g-d it feels good being out of the hospital!! blood clot in leg that landed in my lung. xarelto 4 / 30 days.
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hashtag that
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
username i might try and get more experience on a grass based systems its all down to effient management and investment.
username i found the humira to fix all my crohn's issues, but cause other issues. i went off it due to issues w nerves/muscle spasms
its times like this that make me want some adderall or xanax (can't decide if i need to calm down or be focused)
binge watching upstairs downstairs on netflix. hurrah for enbrel and it's power to lift ridiculous fatigue!
dear seroquel, i hate you bitch. hashtag dearsomeone. hashtag fuckyou hashtag ihatechu
ho-leee fuck. this thread is gonna be hard to top for the rest of the year.statistics: posted by thalidomide — mon apr 28, 2014 12:00 pm
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
my choice was more hashtag surgery on 6-ft small bowel or hashtag biologics like hashtag humira. now hashtag chemo is my only hope 2 treat hashtag lung side effect. hashtag crohns
yeah. the vet is prescribing my dog prozac. great. ummm, really, this is happening in my life.
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
username chiiiiiiiillll man *puffs out nicotine vapor*
# when i take my vyvanse i don't eat!
md prescribed nexium (esomeprazole) for pt w/ gastritis. rn gives med a.30 minutes before meals b.with meals c.qhs d.30 minutes after meals
more studies using monoclonal antibodies like etanercept and infliximab for treatment-resistant depression. a hashtag rheum hmm.
case 1: short-acting oxycodone has anxiolytic effects, which is why pts who have been using it for anxiety don't like the er.  hashtag projectecho
*watching news* losing a symbol doesn't mean to grab cymbalta 'depression hurts cymbalta can help' that poor kid. good save though
the consumers and or their families who get hurt by avandia such as permanent injury or death is paid by the consumer and or the estate of
username does joke work with imodium ?
up all night in complete agony with hashtag endo pain. ended up double dosing on gabapentin and naproxen, and now feel like i'm floating!! hashtag zombie
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
username are there any studies that compare plavix to aggrenox for 2nd prevention in atherosclerosis patients? hashtag phrm741
rt username our exclusive weight loss teas contain super oolongs with 40x the gamma-aminobutyric acid content of regular green tea! so…
i have a doctors appointment today to discuss upping my prozac.....again
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
feel better today, but i'm still hopefully gonna do the steroids. just waiting on dr to see if i can get them called in. no gabapentin yet.
literally just took a puff of ventolin to show how to use an inhaler. i now truly understand the importance of counseling lolz
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
rt username no lamotrigine studies have evaluated lapatinib distribution to brain metastases in humans or in preclinical models.
starting humira tomorrow. :) i wonder if it will make me tired for a day or so like remicade did. if it works, it's worth it.
today's pristiq withdrawal symptom: my eyeballs make a sound like star trek doors when i move them. hashtag wtf
username ye not bad thanks, avin velcade and dex hope for 2nd sct this year. give my regards to your bro x
username maybe, but i wouldnt know unless i tried one. all i know is the atomoxetine didnt do shiett.
username trazodone made me extremely angry and i was wide awake all the time
/iggy's slowly practicing necromancy and there's no meridia to stop him.
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
username oh i was on buspirone for a while! it didn't do anythign for me tho. i asked bc ppl on effexor and pristiq get brainzaps as
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username have you got plenty of imodium ! lol  seriously, though be safe, enjoy your swedish italian meal.
just had an epiphany that maybe i should never write any short article on biopharmaceutical at all. perhaps exubera failure lead to afrezza?
username i've self-induced brain fog atm cos o amount of buprenorphine i've taken to get thru pain injuries from cleaning packing
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
username eylea growth is slowing for sure. lots of hope for pcsk9
username username i pick winner antara mino vs jongin....
dear lunesta linda: take the night off. i'm so tired right now your services will not be needed. please give ambien annie my best.
username ssris were great for me for ages, not working as well now. thus seroquel. i’m also on clonazepam, makes me sleepy too.
ok synthroid show me whatcha got this time!
username thanks. there is a nonzero chance that the discomfort i am feeling was caused by going back on cymbalta, possibly too quickly.
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
i take diclofenac even when i'm sad face with tears of joy or tired ... n it works OK hand
username bob dole pitched viagra.... could the pres be in line for a nexium sponsorship deal? #2016ideas
و آخر الادويه المسجلة في الـtc ldl-c في الـfda lomitapide (juxtapid registered ) approved dec 24/2012 5 mg daily titrated to a max of 60 mg daily
hashtag bcc4 sartain: gabapentin / pregabalin seems like a good option for neuropathic pain in icu not much side effects
need to be prescribed prozac after that episode of hashtag got, i knew what was coming yet i was still shocked! about to go and cry myself to sleep
username lunesta does that for me but the taste is so gross i only use it when i’m desperate. username
filled soooo many tamiflu rx's today! y'all should have gotten the flu shot for your kids! hashtag tired hashtag busyday
pt w/afib d/ced on eliquis; not covered by ins! pradaxa requires prior auth: took me 12 min on phone will cost $90/month!argh hashtag primarycare
username username lot of difference in oxycodone and oxycontin and he was takin oxycontin up to 30 pills aday.
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
username username the zantac quit working so i added nexium that seems to help but i have to take both twice a day.
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
username doc ordered all tests for humira or remicade.
username get to the doctor woman or go to the pharmacy and get some nexium and take a hot bath!  purple heart you!
ugggg latuda is not a great name for a med, just my opinion, makes me giggle saying it. hashtag justsaying
crawled into bed, electric blanket on, oxycodone taken, username on the tv. relaxing pain helping bliss.
any given night i still pop that pussy like a prozac grinning squinting face
has anyone else been on venlafaxine/effexor? i'm on it now and i have shitty side affects with it
have you been given the tysabri patient alert card ?
bloody dreadful nights sleep= joint pain. combination of sitting all day in training and full therapeutic dose of lamotrigine
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” eat bananas people!! banana
exelon gaming is looking for active sponsors/manager to manage our team! username to start talking! rt username username
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
hashtag austrian scientist dr. norbert hashtag bischofberger one of inventors of antiviral drug tamiflu generically known as oseltamivir
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
username username username hashtag mhchat i had sleep paralysis every night for four months when i took quetiapine in addition to lamotrigine
i really hate the fact that i feel like i need to throw up while at work. maybe taking my vyvanse wasn't a good idea
popped a fluoxetine im sweating
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
username nexium mups o ulsen pcs. excelentes opciones
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hashtag trippinballz.
oh also advair can cause eye problems like glaucoma
humira why you burn my veins
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
username username username username username were all on different things. you prob need neurontin a good opiate
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
sorry, your crestor is not an urgent request. good bye
100mg of metoprolol washed down with cold beer. probably not clever. hashtag aorticdissection
i hate when i see commercials for cymbalta, i just want to tell everyone it is horrible and satans drug. that's all.
username varenicline seems like the panacea in smoking cessation. it's so expensive and doesn't work for everyone
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hashtag rheum
username missing a day of meds is never fun. i get migraines if i don't get my effexor. do you just get super tired?
i think russell norman sound try sucking a lozenge. may help him stop clearing his throat all the time. will be easier to keep up with him.
hashtag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
subway's combo meal now comes with 50 mg of either prozac, zoloft or paxil
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hashtag mewmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag mentalhealth hashtag bipolar
brisdelle just seems like repackaged paxil. paxil was a walking liability. (me thinks) hashtag hopetheyhaveacrisisplan
trying to distract with masterchef, twitter, texting candy crush but i’m anxious have stomach head pain hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
by the way username isn't it artists like username username who av give u a job 4who they r! u need prozac or jesus!
username didn't feel anything off citalopram last time - fluoxetine gives me hypomania which i want, but it doesn't last :s. oh, because..
username username eliquis does not have an antidote. not sure about xarelto. scribe's mom was in icu 10 days last fall, on eliquis...
username the cipro is just for later, in case we get sick/infection from water /food.
my mind races when i'm on a vyvanse
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hashtag usmlestep1
factoid for the day: reckitt benckiser makes both french's french fried onions and suboxone films. now that's diversification!
viagra sildenafil blood pressure
username hi, i take 75mg of levothyroxine for an underactive thyroid which is now regulated. can i still give blood on this medication?
pregabalin 2nd most expensive drug for furness username £850,000 pa. should consider trial gabapentin so we can spend ££ on chronic pain strategies
i would need to triple my dosage of vyvanse to get through the 52 pages of history i have left to study
username cipro is poison whether it's expired or not!
took 5, maybe 10 minutes to go from why isn't the seroquel working to what is a bed, i will just use my keyboard
in dire need of some adderall
pfizer's 10-year-old leukemia drug mylotarg increases the chance of your child; teach them to see the emptiness of existence; it is up to
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
username that's what i get hashtag bipolar2 but the bloody quetiapine made me so bloody miserable.
if your soldiers wont salute, then sildenafil is for u ellen is the best way to unwind your long days. lollll
of course me and lyrica found the cutestest little seafood and hotdog shack on the water
username username wasn't meridia meant to be a lesbian?
the design of pharmaceuticals is totally fascinating though. extended release lamictal is a fucking trip.
username does the username ever chat to clubs like username about timings to help in cl comps for good of co effient like the german fa do?
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
username username of course. lasix makes a big difference in serious bleeders, not all horses. just like symbicort helps asthma
username username just pregabalin (higher dose than before), ibruprofen esomeprazole but combination zonks me out.
does anyone take the advair diskus inhaler that knows a generic version of it?
peperangan antara haters yang sengal dan army yang awesome ..... army fighting !!
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
forum: viibryd 40m, increasing anxiety? - viibryd sufferers-i expect this to be my last post as i can say i am alm...
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
not answering lyrica phone call she needa learn how to turn her ringer on them she wouldn't be returning calls constantly.
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
a lot of the time coming off adderall makes me feel like i have done molly a day or two ago.
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
hashtag drsteveconroy - relates increases in suboxone prescribing to reduction in methadone deaths in lanarkshire
chest pain. xopenex has me jittery.  ishould be asleep.  pensive face
in other news, i've got my first weird side effect from quetiapine. numbness and tingling in my fingertips.
username paxil? more like paxchill. 8)
that moment when you forget if you took your levothyroxine flushed face  hashtag hypothyroidprobs
you babysat my kids while you were on oxycontin?? oxycodone ok oxycodone oxycotton oxycontin? okykitten oxykitten..? what's that meow face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy movie camera
oh. not feeling alright? rt username drug username chemical substance? rt username imodium to the rescue”
patients ask how long does it take for a zostavax shot r shocked username 30 min wait. really?!? paperwork. shit is kept frozen username -5c.
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
a smoke first thing in the morning is basically adderall
im diabetic 2- i was on metformin since 2001 and had this yr b taken off it harmed my kidneys. i am on 0 meds for diabetes now only diet.
username tired after the tysabri infusion? i am...
sildenafil citrate and discount
the pm mike hancock is now on prozac.
hashtag amyloidosis patients who fail to respond to subcutaneous bortezomib may respond to iv administration
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
sex so good ur nuvaring falls out
drop paula deen asap: novo nordisk (victoza), springer mountain chicken, landies candies, kmart, target tasty blend food
username username celebrex and arthrotec are nsaids. pregabalin won't do anything for her inflammation
username will he arrive on a giant lozenge?
username must join forces against the devastating economic and social consequences of chronic pain please help thalidomide survivors
username depression hurts. cymbalta can help.cracking the fuck up!!!!
i'm having the worst withdrawals from my paroxetine. is this real life?
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
i guess aviva has copd since she was sucking in spiriva or something. hashtag imaginaryillness hashtag rhony
username my husband can never work again. there use to be a discussion board for consumers that were involved in the avandia lawsuit
currently 5:14 am.... still can't sleep. adderall still not fading. still have my 9am final........
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
username paxil doesn't do much for me unless i forget to take it. except make me require 7+ hours of sleep a night
username geodon withdrawl is hell.
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
pictures of churches and shit still crazy on risperdol then geodon and finally snapped back to reality on fluvoxamine love this drug &lt;3
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
username i've been giving her fiber tablets daily for 4 days and before that miralax but miralax makes her puke. i'm just gonna die
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
us senate finance committee releases report on gsk's avandia
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
hashtag ozquestion i took tamiflu and since then i've experienced skin allergic reactions throughout my body and haven't felt the same. is it safe?
username you aren't missing anything man. 4 hours in an still stuck at maridia entrance.
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hashtag breastcancer but can increase hashtag hotflashes.
think not. i imagine mappy fart imitation crab paul promote radish levothyroxine fungus diarrhea agnez mo underwear poo bike a broken leg
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
username dang. maybe he laced my weed with lunesta
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username i was prescribed victoza for obesity in july 2010. i have been ill ever since. evil drug hashtag diabetes
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
adderall focalin vyvance because sleep is for the fucking weak . with username face blowing a kiss
username the vimpat is what i’m coming off at the moment. i’m cutting out caffeine from coffee atm all together to see if it helps.
i should really do somethjng more effient with my time but i need a nap. going to sleep at 3am waking up every so often is not fun.
i don't know how name brand medications get their outrageous names.. like pristiq and
this year's hashtag goldenglobes have been brought to you by activia and boniva
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
day 3 without hashtag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
username i'm prolly going to because lunesta doesn't work for shit
this hashtag seroquel gotta nigga feelin like a slow turtle. hashtag ihatemeds
rt username username if this is a real question, withdrawal from an antidepressant named effexor was worse than cocaine withdrawal
username username username pristiq did that to me … hideous. and those jerks when you're falling asleep. still get those :/
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
im not even on suboxone man
my midnight snack consists of 40mg pantoprazole, 40mg paroxetine, 0.5mg clonazapam, and 400mcg beclo-aqueous. and sometimes cheesies.
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hashtag prozac
username damn, i'm so proud of you!! i'm still limping from the levaquin cure for my pneumonia that dissolved left knee cartilage...
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
username on pregabalin (was on oxycontin/norm) gone from size 12 to size 18! trying to lose weight by calorie watching.. so difficult.
username and u failed to deliver, pipo had got their sildenafil ready and u just let them down
hashtag pittmpnc cochrane reviews find ocps to be superior to metformin in treating menstrual irregularly in women with pcos
need to pop some diazepam n fluoxetine 2night but haven't seen my fuckn psychiatrist yet sigh
di persimpangan antara i still care for you dengan i dont give a fuck anymore.
username so sorry to hear that, man. effexor suuucks.
either i need lunesta or nyquil needs to start coming in 1.75s
hashtag enbrel vs hashtag remicade anyone know the difference? enbrel 'may' not be the right bio for me.
shouldn't have taken ventolin last night... can't move well pensive face
username no i never got approved for it. i got neurontin generic instead. does that take time?
username how's enbrel for you, any side effects? i have psoriasis, with psoriasis arthritis in two finger.
username $irwd compares not me - check thier slide deck. zelnorm was on track to blockbuster in ibs-c b4 it got pulled
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
username ok.....no problem. i did think running shoes and snorting prozac were at the opposite end of the relationship spectrum.
username nexium
after the lunesta kicks in, i'll forget everything. lol
lmaooooooooo rt username username rt if you got a ring just cuz your pussy good..” nuvaring
after a 'friendship' since childhood, i can't believe that ventolin and seretide have now decided to work against me. hashtag thelungrevolution face with medical mask sleepy face
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
day 3 without hashtag venlafaxine. worst drug ever to withdraw from? any support much appreciated!
username (tw body image) the gabapentin made me put weight on and i've never felt so bad about my own body before. people tell me
neurontin helps my pain so much but basically puts me in a coma, of course. can't win
liraglutide - dr fulcher username updates re victoza hashtag adsadea2013 hashtag diabetes
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
username somebody get that man a lozenge. hashtag smackoff
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hashtag noshame hashtag wheresthepoop
pfizer wound up pulling exubera from the market in 2007. $mnkd ready to drop down? i'm ready!
vague feeling if i email doc, they'll prescribe advair. i really should just get an auto renewal on my advair and flonase.
part 2 to $mnkd vs-dance is just a company of exubera people who failed! $mnkd dreamboat device can be used for other meds!rejects copy cats
username you deserve a break today - boniva hashtag goodtaglinewrongproduct” hashtag authentic tweet
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
username lunesta is good for that. *he says because he always has to be a smart ass. he's unaware that he'll probably be the subject of -
btw, adding crestor can help.
hashtag rehab hashtag drug hashtag drugs well my trip to the dr to get suboxone turned into me admitting myself inpatient: im so sick an... call 888-656-0067
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
saphris gives me a mad appetite omg i jate this
hashtag np jarod - imodium tu connais les buys ma gl
cymbalta can help... hashtag health hashtag tbt username username
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hashtag blagh hashtag gross hashtag weak
username username amil isnt so bad, paxil makes everything slow and haldol is ok, and haldol .. i dunno how to explain what it does
why does tapering down lamotrigine feel as yucky as stepping it up? hashtag soreashell
username im up and at em! took my boniva late and now im all kinds of turnt (as the kids say it nowadays)
i wonder if olanzapine causes restless legs &lt;_&lt;
lol rt username username i need some prozac and lithium, who can buss me???” lamotrigine is better
if 60 mg of prozac doesn't make me feel better then what in the world would make me think that ice cream would??
going to ask the gp for sleeping tablets. tried temazepam before which at least gave me a few nights sleep before it stopped working.
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
username the treatment dosing recommendation for oral oseltamivir for children younger than 1 year is 3mg/kg twice a day. recommended trea
cant cope coming off hashtag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
i don't know if vyvanse was a good idea hashtag nosleep
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
my life became unmanageable from all the gabapentin i was doing. i sucked dick for that shit for 2 and a half years.
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
somebody. anybody. please bring username a vyvanse.
for two really ugly failures in that arena, look at thalidomide and the nova tv special, the case of the frozen addicts username
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
the first shit after a weekly course of imodium tablets is a killer
when tf is this lunesta gonna kick in?
username i do too! every year! syringe face with medical mask no flu for me! tamiflu is 3x more expensive than a flu shot (&amp; most insurances cover the shot!)
the amount of adderall shits that will be taken in the lib this week is disturbing
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
you need to lay off whatever your taking and take a lunesta sleeping pill lmaoo. username
username adam, do you think exubera surprise lung cancer warning would have a big effect on adcom $mnkd
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
community service cancelled. i'm in vyvanse and have all the work in the world to do- but i can't bring myself to do anything ugh
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
username i've been taking victoza for a while and it works great, my insurance just denied it. can you help me get it cheaply or free?
hashtag australiansforcoal because we have to sell it before it gets banned like thalidomide
username i take esomeprazole (nexium 40 mg) and i'm still struggling to tame the symptoms.
username i will mention gabapentin to him, just quickly read about it.
username yeah! my mom had good insurance haha, i don't think i've ever used that. i like albuterol a lot, it works good after...
username alumna and walgreens resident username giving dr pieper his zostavax hyperlink
username prednisone is slowly killing me slowly. humira got me sicker. remicade stopped working :(
username well i've got some rozerem, lunesta or ambien pills in the cabinet
latuda w/fooda will make you snooza
username username i've failed off my humira and am considered severe ra right now. starting remicade infusions once ins gets handled&lt;bah&gt;
$thrx data published on anoro(r) ellipta(r) demonstrate improved lung function compared to tiotropium from our stock news alerts app
don't worry my queer for you'll hear a cheer every time adderall or puppies are near
just watched a whole commercial for nexium - at no point did it tell me what medical problem i might have that it might fix.
username username hi i'm on tizanidine 4spasms in body,nortriptyline 4head 1's gabapentin 4overall pain. tried diff combinations of pill
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
coming off of viibryd is really fucking hard. vivid ass crazy dreams, burning up, now getting sad. everyone stick to 20mgs for your own sake
boniva the musical rt username so, when is sally field coming to broadway? hashtag tonyawards
my parents have been laughing hysterically about a drug named latuda for five minutes straight...
brilinta gets bigger slice of us prescription market and 'growth was accelerating before announcement of investigation into plato trial'
just ordered so much loperamide that the pharmacist had to come over and check with me that the doctor had got it right. hashtag jpouch username
username -ma isn't as serious as most but he did prescribe flovent at one point.
holy vyvanse 50 mg extended release? thank you ajay...(:
bob's vineyards unites voluptuous fruit overtones and a tummy-tickling albuterol bouquet in their 2010 bordeaux. hashtag بعدما
username username i feel your pain :( just got 1st hashtag fistula urgh ! humira worked for me for just 3months then got painful reactions
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
username help me cure my hiv with thc... or at least try. it works just as well as haart... get less high than efavirenz too.
also i called my ins, they don't even have the humira request from the doc yet. definitely starting on my own. ain't nobody got time fo dat!
as effective as enbrel is on my hashtag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
username yeah goodbye mental health
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
and this other patient is on vytorin 10/80mg taking lotrel 10/20mg and diovan hct 80/12.5mg….
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
username i think that antitnf with prolia need more studies.
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
staying clean through the leukemia stress is tough which is why my suboxone and valium are my savior not yours or some fucking chick.
prescription drug latuda sounds like what you need depends for
username he's not a character. he's a prozac psa.
been trying to get throuhgh to cipro 4 the past 3 days... phne rings for hours. automated responses... do they hav jewish holidays??!
username on tecfidera since feb this year. all ok. slight flushing some days but nothing to worry about.
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
fda approves pradaxa (dabigatran etexilate mesylate) for treatment and reduction in the risk of recurrence of deep venous thrombosis and...
username username just to continue watching bill o reilly show i was with imodium and dippers for three weeks but after the thee weeks...
username yes im about to start the pill was on tysabri
username for cheaper, the best daedric lords to make into statues would be meridia and nocturnal. the third is azura, but lower the $.
2 hashtag fda hashtag ok's today janssen's invokamet (canagliflozin/metformin) 4 t2 diabetes takeda's velcade (bortezomib) expanded 4 relapsed responders
username codeine doesn't agree with me. i'm coming off oxycodone, p and oxynorm and onto duloxetine.
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
so i've been on metformin now for 4 days (for my newly diagnosed diabetes)... man it's knocking the crap out of me.
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
how me, cipro, jon, and a bike all fit in a chevy cavalier today will always be a mystery to me
is crestor supposed to be some weird college these people went to? hashtag commercial hashtag cholesterol hashtag lame hyperlink
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
username username username each brain is different. the ssri i'm on has worked really well. prozac made me a zombie. hashtag brains
username where will you be doing it? crestor court?
username psychiatrist needs to up her dose of seroquel. judging by her tweets it isn't nearly high enough.
rt@dani deeh: username i heard of tysabri. should work good on ms. but serious side effects as well :(” that's why i'm terrified!
y'all this nuvaring is making me so tired spacey. i don't know if i can do this. flushed face
username advair really messes you up jesus . all of these asthmatic kids ripping their clothes off...
username good luck! i have been such an insomniac lately and even my lunesta isn't working! sleep tight gorgeous! sleeping face
my sleep schedule is all fucked up and pristiq is making me gain weight and i don't like this
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day15
username i'm not sure it's called saphris i've been taking it for a week. i don't know what melatonin is. i'll prob have 2 go doctor
ashwagandha might be perfect to help me heal. seems a lot safer than taking lamictal/lamotrigine.
in case of opiods detoxification we give buprenorphine + neloxane (suboxone) hyperlink
omgggg fuck vyvanse. i always have to be doing something
20mg temazepam only got me 2 hours sleep :(
username well, i was exhausted until i had 2 cigs in a row to de-stress, now running on a nicotine high. . .
username your poor love. enbrel made me go crazy and humira has screwed my metabolism, gained 20lbs had cronin infections. hashtag boo
username where were the fda raids with januvia was killing people?
username i've been taking venlafaxine since 2007, it's like hotel california - you can check in, but you can never leave.
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
username username i’m also unfashionably ok with increm innov, but with bystolic no point if cost to promote = or &gt; revenues.
took a lunesta i'm about to be no good to anyone for the next 7 hours
2 things i want 2 accomplish the next time i see my psychiatrist get off geodon and get back on trazodone
what kind of world do we live in where i pay $10 for xanax $150 for nuvaring under my insurance plan? hashtag confused username hashtag wtfwednesday
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
- severe depression induced by rimonabant is described as frequent; this isn't a one time event
i think advair makes my skin dry
the major/ultimate weight loss agents are the anorexics. sibutramine (reductil) and co.
don't quit viibryd cold turkey. it's a disaster of withdrawals!. hashtag viibryd hashtag bipolar hashtag depression hashtag ocd hashtag meds hashtag confusion hashtag agitation hashtag itching
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hashtag usmlestep1
username my doctor started me on metformin in may i've had some sort of period every month since then, which is new for me.
username viibryd gives me occasional lucid dreams, as well as epic photorealistic dreams with elaborate interweaving plots.
username thanks for the follow, hope the humira works, i'm on remicade.
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
username yup, read that vioxx article earlier through username
a fixed-dose regimen of apixaban alone was noninferior to conventional therapy for the treatment of acute venous thromboembolism. hyperlink
37.5mg seroquel, 1 melatonin, 2 passion flower, 1 valium, 2 phenergan, 2 paracetamol. don'tnobodytry2tellme why i still can't sleep (⊙‿⊙✿)
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
username username i use pregabalin which is similar and i do find it really good.lyrica and keppra.
username not true at all. it's just nicotine which there is barely any of it at all. swerve hoe.
that geodon withdrawl starts fuckin fast
sandro vento ub presents results encore1 study: 400mg efavirenz non-inferior to 600mg over 48wk study&amp;fewer side-effects hashtag botshiv2014
does anybody else take metformin and has a horrible taste in his mouth?
omfg saphris is by far the worst pill ever
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hashtag humira is horrible tired face
username baby does not have a name yet, mama is lunesta and papa is nero
username to be fair, took adderall last week wrote a paper on socialism. basically blacked out writing it i think i'm socialist now..
i just wanna eat vyvanse and spin music shit.
that moment when neurontin prevents me from waking up for school  hashtag crazypeopleproblems
omg my mom said a shocking fucking thing but i think she's on lyrica she said i got the power of the pussy! lmao
username theres the data from exubera that can be used as a guideline for future study.. its basicaly reformulated exubera
made a smoothie with metamucil, prune juice, butterscotch candy, boniva fear-of-the-new for the vmas. gone curmudgin'
whilst palpitating thanks to ventolin hooo im so high
ik someone who's voice is messed up from acid reflux messing up there throat &amp;&amp; i don't wanna be like that. &amp;&amp; i can't take nexium pregnant unamused face
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hashtag ibdselfie hyperlink
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
wow! first randomized double blind trial adding victoza (liraglutide) in type 1 hashtag diabetes. check out the conclusion: hyperlink
she want a ring ok!!! shit boo you can get da whole fuckin set earring toering tonguering bellyring da damn nuvaring!!! lmfao  face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i have not a choice... antara nasi goreng. capcaii. mie goreng. mie rebus. kwitiaww... weary cat face hear-no-evil monkey grinning face with sweat
exelon has awarded a usd 800 million contract for its reactors to dutch-based cb&amp;i
hey username username is not going to cover stelara anymore. humira and enbrel don't work for me. what can i do? any help?
username i find the baclofen worse, it has left me in a tired/sleepy fog all day - the codeine i can (mostly) deal with.
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hashtag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
username my doc put me on trazodone for my insomnia. worked well.
username lunesta and take it to match your sleep timing to when you land.  landing at 6 am local time? take lunesta at 7 pm equivalent
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hashtag shitgetsweird
seriously haven't ate one thing all damn day.. hashtag vyvanse hashtag add hashtag damn
username ooh. i was on seroquel. and withdrawal is a bitch. i'm not even fully off it yet either.
username the antiviral drugs oseltamivir and zanamivir - which are used to treat infection with human seasonal viruses -- also show activi
get that nuvaring ima shoot the club up!!!
time to start shoving adderall down my fellow vegas goers' throats hashtag turndownforwhat hashtag vegas
atorvastatin - to treat high cholesterol, n to lower the risk of stroke, heart attack, or other heart complications
3 days on i'm still recovering from my first etonogestrel reinsertion.. what a girl will go through to not get pregnant these days! hashtag pain
08.55 day 21 rivaroxaban diary strange muscle spasms especially in neck shoulders and legs. no more fluid retention. more mobile.
username i am so sorry about your chf from avandia now a broken leg! oh my! sending you positivity comfort my friend.
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
taking 5 hour energy as a placebo for adderall to see if that helps me get this damn thing done. but i dont think im supposed to know, so...
username the magnesium citrate wasn't too bad, but the miralax n gatorade was so tough.
username lls it's cool. u could try lunesta but that shit leaves a bad after taste. you'll wake up inna morning with it and everythin
username username 1. adderall, 2. vyvanse, 3. (1.) xr 4. concerta 5. ritalin 6. coffee 7. more coffee 8. combo (1.)+ (6.) 9. all?
username i have been on most meds. humira did a number on me. infliximab never really helped and i developed reaction as most people do
username then again. i haven't slept in 28 hours so that probably has a little something to do with it adderall got him like
got my wisdom teeth pulled and the dentist prescribed me oxycodone and everybody buggin confused face . idk wtf those do? its just medicine to me pill
lupin: receives us fda approval for anti-inflammatory celecoxib
username in need of nicotine .” ini!
my cat just tried to eat an imodium i accidentally dropped on the floor.
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
username it's a good thing you had your box of miralax handy to take a pic for me right?
whilst wurtzel's prozac nation was tremendously sad the movie was only about her insane drug abuse.
atomoxetine (strattera) is a non-controlled substance used in the treatment adhd (selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor)
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
interesting discussion on depression and fluoxetine on username at the moment.
almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
i can stay up later with less geodon and less zoloft but then i can't fall asleep and want to stay in bed all day. this has been my week
username why is this still a question? the answer is: maintenance with buprenorphine or methadone is the only evidence based treatment
who need alcohol when you have gabapentin and tramadol that makes you feel drunk at 12oclock
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
hashtag dabigatran licensed for vte prophylaxis (not in us) after elective tha/tka but not for vte treatment.
username ugh maybe after a few lines of adderall and red bull i can justify putting down civil procedure to answer the call
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
ciprofloxacin has its traffic corridor unaffiliated sectors in like manner as herbal, unfeigned supplements, thy:
the lozenge helped cease the coughing in the afternoon why isnt it helping now
username yeah i hear epilim is pretty tough, sorry to hear re bad times with it :( oddly, dear sweet lamotrigine tipped me to a dark place
rt username hashtag fda rejects hashtag bayer’s hashtag xarelto to reduce risk of stent thrombosis in patients w/ acute coronary syndrome $bayry hashtag pharma #…
username username sorry for jumping in. trying to get up for work after night seroquel is a nightmare!
nerf winery brings together subtle albuterol midtones and a flatulent cannabis finish in their 1990 zinfandel. hashtag tittytuesday
username i know. i just realised with everything else - i haven't taken the sodding quetiapine yet!! wondered why i wasn't drowsy doh!
username i think it was an anxiety meds dream. damn quetiapine.
does imodium treat fat tummy?
overall, it was good news. i'm starting on the synthroid today, re-checking my levels in 6 weeks. still anemic but improving. hashtag gettingthere
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
username dizzy, out if it and confused on the drugs. upping the baclofen slowly now as i seem better on these.
taking my baclofen and going to bed after hells kitchen
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
the fda has approved over-the-counter flonase allergy relief, or fluticasone propionate 50 mcg nasal spray, for treatment of hay feve...
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
holy shit the 10mg saphris tablet tastes infinitely worse than the 5mg my mouth is on fire, gross pukey fire
username username it's not finals if you're not counting your hours of sleep and how many mg of adderall you can take face with tears of joy tired face
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
i really hope someone puts 15 scoops of miralax in username coffee tomorrow morning. what an unbelievable shithead.
having a serious quetiapine haze this morning...
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
stat doctors is recommending i go to the er, even after i explained i can't afford it and would like an albuterol prescription. fantastic.
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
username that is true.... proventil stopped working for me i'm on xoponex now...symbicort ...u on maintenance ?
love having to whip out my albuterol inhaler when i'm sick beating heart
dr put me on metformin 2x daily. anyone have experience with that?
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
the crestor sports commercial is so stupid, it raises my blood pressure. coincidence, i think not.
metformin is the worst medication ever. makes your mouth taste like iron pensive face
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
username hello their l.m from kuwait l bay 2013 honda crestor their is aproblem in ac it is hot the ajency sayd it is normal they lay and lay
i need to update that blog since i changed my mind to go ahead and get on tysabri (next week 1st infusion) i was vehemently against it.
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
username when im not a newborn and still have no clue about lyrica and shawn , hashtag yafeel whats going on
username pouting face i'm so fuckin mad kinda offer travis suboxone so he'll feel better and wanna work on rap music he made up an excuse so pouting face pouting face pouting face
$amgn trading higher - isi saying enbrel has a chance to crush the q - username very positive into the q
username ahahah i took my advair already but i just took my singular...thats what i always forget
username wow that's not good. i had the swine flu in winter. had tamiflu and other antibiotics. but 1st flu in. 10 years.
username honestly, i have no idea. i had tysabri as i had 9 relapses in a year and my ms was getting unpredictable and out of control
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hashtag headache
username thank you lovely. im on tysabri x
username all hail the golden spiriva
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
i was almost 300 pounds. i would drink water and gain 15 pounds. now my synthroid is calibrated a little high. it's great
i have literally used a whole bottle of fluticasone in a weekend because of how sick i am. why am i not sleeping right now.
hashtag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
i have ~ 60 suboxone strips left how can i wean with them? i am still using but need to stop, my organs are failing me. need 2 get healthy.
username i choose oxycodone
i actually slept last night! of course it took four times the seroquel, earplugs, a sleep mask, a nature sound app, lamotrigine lorazepam.
rt username tip: my 5 item health kit for distant lands: cipro (gut), z pak (chest), pepto (stomach), purell (germs), advil (hangovers…
username vyvanse fucks me up man, no way in hell i can do that one. never taken focalin tho
what is latuda and why is it's name hilarious?!
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
username what kind of meds is your dad on? i get tysabri.
hashtag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
so, i lasted 16 days on seroquel. i couldn't handle the awful side effects. constantly dizzy and lightheadeded a myriad of other bad stuff
see our ad in golf magazine narrowly beats out less major bleeding for saddest line in this eliquis commercial.
need to find creative but effient ways to kill myself with objects at restaurants for future dinners out with my parents.
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
this new medication is kicking my ass. and i feel flushed. hope i make it through the night. restoril is not playing around
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
side-effects of loperamide include: 1. diarrhoea 2. skin reactions 3. abdominal cramps
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
username   he has me on ciprofloxacin and phenazopyride   i had severe pain that started over the weekend when trying to use
username username what u takin xanax unprescribed face with tears of joy or geodon face with tears of joy u need geodon lol” bring me some from yo job.
paxil remains on the market despite its increasing the risk of suicide. call toll free to speak with an attorney. 1.888.520.5202.
yeah i was on adderall and had some almonds so i knew my metabolism was on point k evan.
username i've never tried latuda but i've heard good things about it. i take haldol and it's worked wonders for me.
dog poo flovent hfa hewey
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
really bad rls fron seroquel :(
i love sanguine and meridia both. but if you two truly love each other nothing can separate true love
username i'm on the remicade. hope humira works for you. i can't get rid of the dry skin thts my only problem so far.
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
which is the largest selling drug .. hashtag humira or hashtag lupitor?@quintiles
username xarelto commercial?
username you r right cipro nearly killed me
levaquin sucks. blinding headaches. vomiting. diarrhea.  time for my next dose. happy weekend.  hashtag tmi hashtag fml
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
elizabeth brion: yelling at lyrica ads since 2007 (tm).
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hashtag lamotrigine
paxil made me suicidally depressed to the point where a voice screamed inside my brain about my own worthlessness
username i was one of them-given levaquin for sinus infec. -reaction-drs. do not take serious enough and now disabled for 5 yrs. please
username flovent is awful!!! i hated being on that
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
hey not sleeping. hashtag hotflashes hashtag menopause hashtag effexor
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
sildenafil is one kind of drug that's very noticeable yknow. it is blue-indigo in color w diamond shape capsule.
username i hope you're better soon! i'm sorry the tamiflu didn't work, but glad it didn't do anything weird! i had bad side effects.
no med orders til effexor is fully exited. still having brain shivers, but mostly when i don't eat. hashtag effexor hashtag withdrawal hashtag depression
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
girl in latuda bipolar drug ad confessed to rust she munchausened her kids. bread crumb? hashtag truedetective hashtag antidepressants
i’m hoping i will get taken off seroquel and switched to lamictal, tomorrow.
this adderall have a nigga up
taking trazodone and literally passing out on the bathroom floor yeah that shit happens
username i lost weight in the past but it was much easier. like 2 steps forward, one step back on the quetiapine.
rt username i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
not going to take my latuda til tonight. that stuff's gon' make me pass the hell out within minutes, i wanna watch me some hashtag talkintoons !
weeks back i felt like the worst teacher ever. today? worst mom ever. hannah has the flu. i waited too long. no tamiflu for her. :(
crestor and lipitor cholesterol meds have high incidence of muscle/joint pain side effects. ask your loved ones about their muscle pain.
username username i do high protein low carb, better because i take metformin for my pcos.
aliskiren drug》 directly inhibit renin. ae》dry cough, hyperkalemia angioedema. indication》htn. username
what i lack in money and personality, i make up for in paxil induced impotency
so while i'm letting the thoughts of lamictal/fatal rashes/tonsillectomy/spinal tap settle, i'm going to go rescue a budgie.
username *buys him a lozenge*
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
week 3 of victoza trial. up to 1.2 mg dose. reduced basal rates by 25% and down 2 kg. glucoses more consistent. username
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
news: james cameron surfs shampoo jovial marmalade. no flood netflix yugoslavia. your nexium poo abraham lincoln conduct a moron i.q.
username reps here say eylea isn't more efficacious than existing drugs... just can be taken less frequently...means major burden off family
username no xanax , i want a cocktail :d made with : diazepam , lorazepam , trazodone , oxycodone , hydrocodone :d
username i’m on advair, and carry my ventolin with me everywhere :)
# tysabri infusion day yeah hoo!! then 2 more surgeries and maybe no more pain!! :-) :-)
username can u make viox a logo plz
ok brain body. we need a chat about oversleeping and overeating since taking olanzapine again hashtag tuboficecream hashtag timetochange hashtag junkfood hashtag gym
halibut imodium ad tina fey goatees think that is diarrhea. cow urine pee i just help cholera chrome, chrome pewer pew lindsay lohan farting
went to ann taylor it sounds very vain constipation probably cuz midwife nog clown enbrel sabrina soto vin diesel new car! the acura laugh.
ooooop. anyone know if amoxicillin and pregabalin have an interaction? never had one with fluoxetine and losartan... so dizzy!
damn, i got 114 puffs of my inhaler left. better get a lot since we paid $40 for it! lasts longer than my symbicort but i love that shit
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
rt@lafulegebyqed: rizzo winery combines toasty albuterol overtones and a melancholy coffee perfume in their 2012 zinfandel. hashtag çok
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
username i've been given gabapentin so will be starting them now and then your right, i will have to opt for the codeine tonight! x
username i had them on venlafaxine baaaad. now i am on desvenlafaxine - much better!
ritonavir is a p450 enzyme inhibitor - 68% get this right
rt username if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
i do the same shit everyday i have to take my latuda
got off the heroin with suboxone then just built an addiction to that and can't get off em. when will it ever stop
username if it is truly flu, your dr. can give you a prophylactic dose of tamiflu to prevent you getting it. just saying.
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
this tamiflu is making me feel worse than i already feel and i don't think the z pack is helping :(
pregabalin has made me twitch and have little muscle spasms, it has reduced pain but i think my twitch is drawing attention
//pardon the upcoming loopy tweets. taking some oxycodone soon for the pain.
outcomes of medical emergencies on commercial airline flights — nejm- snuff or oral tobacco products can substitute in nicotine withdrawal.
doc says will try to avoid surgery all we can.. but my options are running out my bowel needs chance to heal. humira/thioguanine work plz!
eszopiclone (marketed as lunesta) has also been associated with gynecomastia, not just spironolactone. hashtag boards
i really want a hashtag daedra for a cat. thinking meridia or azura for the name for our new little miss we will be bringing home next week. hashtag meow
i stopped one pill and everything is cool except i still am shaky and i'm taking lunesta but i keep sleeping
recently read that levaquin may cause tendon tears or ruptures. maybe that's why my achilles' are screaming. hashtag onedoseleft
we live in a prozac nation
$eln orval's expanding the market and tysabri best drug for its indication. biib now incentive to position tysabri for current indication.
username i get it how abt betaseron every other day i was also on tysabri mon. infusion which i loved i started on copaxone then betaseron
hashtag rxtips: diclofenac is the supreme goddess of nsaids. just keep an eye on your tummy and your heart.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username oh i hope the inhalers help. symbicort is pretty good! smiling face with smiling eyes i'm good thank you!x
i'm losing my voice at the username dragon expo! hashtag lozenge
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
username it's called victoza, idk whether i've got it coz i'm on a pump or not but definitely speak to the nurse about it!
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hashtag ridiculous
username indeed. un-bee-wee-vabuwl! though the a's owe me year's supply of nexium at this point. still blaming farhan for this...
but i'm blessed i have my oxycontin oxycodone my church my tablet phone also ready to start my makeover in september brand new looks
control signals incidental the roach elixir prozac: .fcm
username i had cipralex and got side effects it made me worse!! so they gave me fluoxetine and it really helped its quite popular :) xxx
username i think i'm that too! had rare breastmilk production on quetiapine, ultra rare hallucinations (not psychosis) on valproate.
vimpat makes me exhaugsted!!
patient askin for his slide n fill flushed face he meant sildenafil face with tears of joy  loudly crying face pill  hashtag ronsealviagra hashtag doeswhatitsaysonthebox hashtag pharmacylife username
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
username tyler the crestor
off that oxycodone
username username metformin only has gi upset issues mostly, other than that its quite safe, but i take it because i need it
ima botta beat my brother if he dont shut up about my damn cymbalta
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
i saw the words entire and concept in a sentence and i thought i read etanercept
tamiflu fucking sucks. two years ago we were the some of the first people to take it and it makes you feel worse
username fluticasone spray nasal
username think i need some memantine
holy shit my spacer seriously amps up albuterol like i am shaking
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
username i was diagnosed w/crohn's at 9 (2001) and remicade worked very well for me - i'm on humira now it's working for me, too
7. the makers of hashtag nuvaring took the data of two of women with hashtag estrogen surges out of the calculations for the chart they have on the label
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
username indeed, jonathan. thanks. denosumab is also a good candidate but will try a bisphosphonate first
oxycodone put me to sleep this whole week weary face
why would a 70 year old man in a nursing home need sildenafil please enlighten me
username been up and down. on seroquel and cymbalta. psych just introduced lithium. tried saphris omg thought i would die lol x
lunesta has the most disgusting after taste what the fuck, am i eating pennies jfc
yay throat lozenge time!
yknow you cant eat nuts, but you want to eat em so badly, so standby dia ventolin and allergy meds thumbs down
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
latuda helps your bipolar depression but you can't have grape juice so is it really worth it?
username glad that worked. humira made me sick, remicade stopped working, nothing works. cimzia on now, but not working well either
i can't believe a bath is more effient then a shower nowdays!!
rt username hashtag portola announces factor xa inhibitor hashtag prt4445 reverses anticoagulant activity of hashtag eliquis at hashtag isth3013 hyperlink
this adderall finna have me cleaning everything. face savoring food
username yup i have 2! are you on any meds? i was on metformin for a little bit
username right now i am on enbrel. it's my 3rd month. can tell a difference in my skin and maybe the exhaustion level some better!
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
username not one bit. hashtag golden hashtag vyvanse hashtag nevergethangovers
rt username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
i have officially been on enbrel for one month! hashtag yesitishelping hashtag biologics hashtag rasucks hashtag lovemynewrheumy
hashtag strong recommendations for drug abuse to suboxone  hashtag article 99213 username username
i’m going to try for sleep. real sleep. not that light bastard that hashtag venlafaxine brings me.
username username crohnie here. but i used to be on humira and got switched to infliximab after humira attacked my bones hashtag anygood?
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
username titans d needs some imodium to stop those runs. :(
username username consider it a learning experience! take plenty of temazepam and you’ll be fine :p
username adderall is a college drug! we will go cray next year! pulling all night era with the help of adderall
took 2 advils, 1 pepcid, and two inhaler puffs. along with my nightly advair 30 minutes ago. chest pain is still coming on strong.
can't even take a seroquel cause i gotta wake up smfh
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
username have you tried to using your advair if you have one?
username not as focused no try focalin or vyvanse but vyvanse take away your hunger
breakfast: bran flakes and prunes. lunch: lentils and figs. dinner: i dunno. i'm thinking imodium maybe..?
i took a vyvanse and yet i'm in an awesome mood. this never happens.
is that a sorafenib i see before me?
hashtag pittmpnc metformin is category b - safe to use throughout pregnancy hashtag timetochangepractice
fuck! just ran out of nicotine lozenges sad but relieved face dang it! this is gonna be a long flight...smh!
username also, most suboxone docs simply do not understand the pharmacokinetics of buprenorphine.
username prozac is the bartering stage. tell them it's not working. do not say friends say duloxetine is like being on e 44 hours a day.
picking up mom at the cath center st bernard's 40% blockage but no stent just crestor type meds low fat diet i guarantee she will have bacon
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
how to sleep when still on adderall step 1: close eyes step 2: open eyes step 3: stay up because you're not going to sleep, dumbass
food may reduce the biovailability of esomeprazole lansoprazole by 50%; it does'nt reduce the bioavailability of omeprazole or rabeprazole
username why not use equal dose valsartan as the comparator in paradigm-hf? then would truly know importance of novel component hashtag nejmchat
pretty sure my vyvanse is making me dizzy and making my chest hurt. persevering face
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
nicotine and faded dreams, baby just believe there's no one else like me
was desperate for relief so i had to take an oxycodone for my tooth ache. x:
username going in to see 'the one that decides you don't need any meds' doctor. think it's buprenorphine withdrawal. hospital warned weeks.
hashtag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
such a relief to have decided on tysabri for my treatment
for those that suffer from graves disease or any other thyroid issue, raw thyroid is always best. see the results. synthroid is not needed.
i thought my nuvaring came out. i told ced to search his room and bed weary face weary face weary face . this mf does it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy . he so slow
as effective as enbrel is on my hashtag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
username mm, i'm wary of trying new meds after a really bad reaction to fluoxetine, but i've heard a lot of good things about citalopram
username most probably due to pregabalin , celecoxib kicks in first ,other ones takes much longer to show effect
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hashtag calgon
username you will not always want a drink -thats rehab bullsugar -please get suboxone -you dont need rehab.
username username username username username thalidomide prevented morning sickness - another breakthrough
other meds: atorvastatin calcium, baglofen apo (for pinched nerve in back), benztropine mesylate, clonazepam (for jittery nerves)...
fda doesn't care if u or ur children die as long as pharma makes $$&amp;$$ still selling chantix paxil resperadal prestique....................
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
who needs sleeping pills you've just gotta take 2 puffs each of advair and ventolin
21.55 rivaroxaban diary day 8. aches easing, back pain easing. swollen lower legs like fluid retention. i take 20mg. furosemide every a.m.
if this fuckin emt looks at me one more time hes gonna feel the wrath of my vyvanse rage
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
definitely going to need adderall to get me through the day.
oh hey. much like other anti-convulsants, lamictal dehydrates you. so much is explained.
and tysabri is much more expensive than the very expensive avonex but you get it at dr office so insurance covers it.
username omg i saw that too! i was like did they just say grapefruit juice...? good ol latuda xd
username abilify and lamictal work in similar ways. i had to back off on cymbalta before. i did better on 30, in the summer.
username how long hsve you been on humira
woah look out! i just took a lozenge, i'm unstoppable!
... latuda kills... listening to these side effects it will cure your bipolar by killing you.
this is not a drill, this is an emergancy. i need vyvanse.
username the enbrel that i was taking to help my rheumatoid arthritis was doing a good job, but it crashed my immune system. it is a drug
username i did that with paxil. not a ride i'd wish on anyone. *sympathy*
i started wearing nicotine patches as a way of easing myself into a smoking habit. hashtag teamfollowback
fart just taste the myriad white-out known the berlin wall zostavax taurus dude edges your butt news: james cameron surfs sick bo
ventolin makes me so weak holy shit
username too bad buddy, pfizer needs to sell some sildenafil citrate
username i think it could be lowering my blood sugar too much. i take onglyza (5 mg) in the morns with metformin (1000 mg).
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
one time i went swimming at a public beach in flint, and found a nuvaring with my foot.
after going into anaphilaxis w/remicade i am nervous to start humira after being off it for a year, anyone know about this username hashtag crohns
username fluoxetine, melatonin anddd erythromycin (antidepressants, insomnia and antibacterials)
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
life alert life alert i am burping up fluoxetine powder i think i might die
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day15
username but rimonabant caused severe depression and thoughts of suicide. not a good thing.
they even have fluticasone i used to l ove that song to hell and back
username i’d consider restarting the venlafaxine today but it was messing with my sleep big time :( i’ll go back to dr x
the cartoons in this symbicort commercial remind me of username art style
hashtag nosmokingdiary 2 days down and if you have a hard time sleeping, i suggest you use a mild nicotine lozenge. 2mg should do.
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: is mortality imbalance of 11 dead vs. 3 dead concerning in a 15k pt study? 9-4 not of concern
but i still put the exelon patch on.
username you need prozac. hyperlink
god i hate that really fat guy in the crestor commercial with a whiny high voice cheering over a fucking blood pressure pill.
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
tomorrow is the mark of 1/3 of summer break being over who has my pristiq
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hashtag ridiculous
i still take latuda which seems to be working better than any medication i have ever been on.
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
migraleve loperamide and omeprozole for breakfast yummy unamused face squinting face with tongue
username the 3xskald meridia achi's still broken for us who had already completed them, will they ever be retroactively awarded?
username infliximab but i kept getting perianal abscesses and developed fistulas, thats when they moved me onto humira
suboxone is a cock block
the one bummer about it all is that the fluoxetine is giving me the shakes which made fine fiddly detail work harder than it should be
username paxil didn't end up helping. tried prozac and wellbutrin and it helped my mood and anxiety but gave me vertigo. :(
every patient with hcc getting chemo/radioembolization at username gets sorafinib if tolerable -rony avritscher md hashtag sirfsp
earthliings take us to your codeine castle so that we may speak with your versace leader
username yup quetiapine. the normal dose at night whacks me out. i'd have been asleep til friday on double
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
username username shouldn’t be but govts around world spent billion$ stocking up on tamiflu
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
username i think the crestor guy is worse.
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hashtag sleepdisorderproblems
the cipro in you eyes burns but works its buffered for your ears seems stupid but if they take your life take it back
in a numbed snot coma, watching the simpsons (again) and reading kill your friends (yet again). it's like a temazepam party for the alveoli.
username i take way too much zoloft and seroquel to get the horn my life is a lie
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
username wow impressed! i'm thinking of going the remicade route because i'm nervous about the humira shot.
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
username username this tragedy had never occurred and you asked all these people if a man on temazepam and adderall, been to anger
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
username woke up cant breath! thanks for taking away advair 500, which worked for me. your penny pinching is costing me my health!
username works for farrrrr more than it doesn't. remicade more likely for complications/no working for crohn's than humira by far.
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
username my mri scan shows when it happens but it could be a reaction to being on infliximab this time, as i did not react on the humira
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
send gemma some imodium into the jungle! i can tell she needs to drop the kids off hyperlink
username clinical anxiety disorder, depression am on butrans patches, 600mg pregabalin, 45mg mirtazipine, 60mg duoloxetine, 30mg celecoxib
i saw maybe 12-15 physicals today, almost fainted at the sight of a deep post. scalp laceration mispronounced januvia as whaneeva. hashtag done
username no. i have a prescription for norco and neurontin but both are at my apartment. i'm an hour away at my parents.
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain. diabetes too! switched to hashtag abilify. suits me well.
username username you may be right that hpv is found in cc. my point is your shot may cause serious harm. like vioxx caused to many.
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
seroquel gives me nightmares every fucking night but i take it anyway
ok so the darvocet did nothing. i lived but am also still in pain. because of the living.
i think my xarelto is causing bruising...it might be an adverse reaction....smh
uk health secretary we expect honesty from drugs firms please ask german thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to allow access to archives
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
username i was on remicade for over a year, ins policy changed now have to fail 3 self injectables, humira fails next week exp same with 3rd
rimonabant is a generic acomplia for long-term weight loss. you will lose weight in a short time. hyperlink
lol viibryd made me puke first day taking it
username need to switch bc def allergic to cymbalta :(
someone get doc emrick a throat lozenge!!!! hashtag stanleycupfinals
username steady dose of meds, anti-inflams, pain killer and lots of water. uloric is by far best but kills ur gut.
username my doctor gave me paxil, which i think is similar but it's made me feel like crap.
syracuse needs to get on that adderall train username half
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
username imodium is my dessert every night
username my last trip to quetiapine world nearly ended my marriage :(
rt username novartis ag tests copy of amgen's enbrel in late-stage trial: get the latest biotech news where you want it. ... http:/…
username i tried humira first and no luck. after 3 infusions of infliximab noticed a huge difference. hope it works for you
i fucking hate fluticasone i always end up drinking it.....
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
aderall, vyvanse and focalin. lebron james is extra adhd tonight
username sisters gf swears by it and reviews are good. going to go discuss effexor vs pristiq vs zoloft like a little drug fiend
i'm sucha psycho when i study already if i ever took adderall i would probably explode pill collision
username yeah so does mine, but mine recommended aubagio bc it has fewer side effects. i'm all about the side effects.namely diarrhea lol
username perkiset and oxycodone lol they had me on morphine before but we didn't get along
username username iwas tryin to get u steve.my sisters friend called back from the drs,10days levaquin 500mg the drip/burn will stop
username q makes me hungry. olanzapine made me want to eat my own arm!
c dis nurse, cm gimme iv rabeprazole jor username iyee see dr.. gws tohm! username ....swear i'm getting a peptic ulcer frowning face
stop taking trazodone and call your doctor at once if you have a penis erection that is painful or lasts 6 hours or longer.my sleeping pills
cannot decide whether to take meds today. the hashtag venlafaxine is wiping me out like the hashtag citalopram did. i can’t function on them. hashtag day11
nicotine and faded dreams
anybody know what seroquel is?
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
username i started on tegretol now on pregabalin -make me spaced out!! i also take anoxicillin as i may have infection as well!
backwards hats and all, jonesing for some taco bell because miralax is too expensive.
has anyone out here tried vyvanse ultram together?
sibutramine for sale - no prescription drugstore
the target-specific oral anticoagulants (tsoacs) currently are dabigatran (pradaxa), rivaroxaban (xarelto) and apixaban (eliquis). hashtag npacme
username nuvaring is the real mvp
username username not at all, i'm on epilim 1000mg twice day, keppra 1000mg morn and 1250mg nite and vimpat 100g morn and nite
why is it taking so fucking long to get my new atm card and my debit. da fuck meridia
the tamiflu commercial is my favorite ever.
gave in wholeheartedly today to my olanzapine munchies. had already had an ice cream and milkshake before this :-0 hyperlink
the doctor put me on some antibiotics and gave me a prescription for symbicort
username quetiapine knocked me sidewards for a week then i suddenly woke up activated. then relapsed, upped dose, activated so on
lack of prozac by spiritual beggars from mantra iii hashtag nowplaying
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hashtag asthmaprobs
username study title is... efficacy of quetiapine for impulsivity and affective symptoms in borderline personality disorder
euthyrox100 before breakfast, metoprolol tartrate after breakfast - lifetime partner!!!
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
i need some prozac after last episode of hashtag gameofthrones
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hashtag shitgetsweird
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hashtag bewareofsatin
username i symbicort or dulera similar to advair?
username lamotrigine is a one-two anti-epileptic and mood stabilizer. i'm on a high dose for bpi, but a low dose for other brain cooties
i need xopenex
username username not really comparable doses though. surely 80mg uloric should be compared with 800mg allopurinol? hashtag gout
anxiolytics drug names sound like black ghetto girl names. oh, hell no tamazepam you come back here girl! #60ghettoblacknames
username i was on remicade for two years. i was allergic to it and made me really sick. humira i've been on three years i think.
username im on cypro . actually in dying on cypro
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
username username oh christ, how could i forget that!? i can because of neurontin man quieting the nerves and whacking the memories.
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
username yo for real tho i started taking nexium and after about 2 months it helped a lot
i start metformin tomorrow for my hashtag pcos, wish me luck ....
only ring scrappy could give me is a nuvaring
take the lamictal or no? i think maybe yes
username it wasn't an easy victory though. felt like chemo with the cipro. as for the heart, i meant for study purposes.
username hugs i have been put on gabapentin and it is giving me migranes
i started taking gabapentin today. hopefully this will help with my depression
username yeah, i feel a lot better on the enbrel and the swelling has lessened, i just struggle with motor skills sometimes. the neck
username many congratualtions for being able to come off quetiapine - i have read that and clozapine are the worst for withdrawals
that guy in the crestor commercial has a problem, and it's not his cholesterol.
one cigarette's-worth of nicotine is enough to make a toddler severely ill. if one of your pups ate a dropped cigarette, it could be deadly.
username and it's not going to stop until we fix it. advair usa $300 same drug eruope $35. why? drug lobby, it has to end.
bitches on instavid sounding like scooby doo shit. bitch better use a lozenge before she on video.
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
ewww took a saphris to fall asleep and now i just feel like i'm gonna throw up. face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
username crippled since oct of '09 thanks to just 12 cipro pills here...run for your life! tendon rupture is only the tip of the iceberg.
fact: if cymbalta didn't make me so miserable, i'd go back on it. i was the cooliest on cymbalta!
watching commercial for humira. sounds like worse medication ever. i'd rather have arthritis than cancer hashtag notworthit
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
my homie on his 10th perc 30 today oh my god that's 300 milligrams of oxycodone
we females do tend to do allllat stuff darvin talking about ,, i mean i do sometimes
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
hashtag mmsm there is some prelim data suggesting maf/mafb driven disease may not benefit from bortezomib
had something of a creative day around my pain and gabapentin wooziness and headache. sewing morning, painting afternoon, evening reading.
username username username those bands upped the sales of fluoxetine amongst the young
username esomeprazole uses for what? bisoprolol uses? benzodiazepines uses?
username 10mg fluoxetine only comes it liquid form and it's vile so jokes on them
username ohhh...lmao that's just great. maybe it was probably seroquel. that stuff knocks you outttttttt haha
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hashtag withdrawal
the situation was made worse by expiration of certain co-promotion agreements for drugs such as enbrel
i hope i don't have whatever nexium cures, but i just skip the youtube ads for that pill every time.
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
username really??? i will check her out right now ... lyrica didn't work, celebrex nsaids hurt my stomach, cymbalta does just ok
pharmacy question : asenapine medication. any one know good bad or crazy about it?
username a latuda like that, young lady, will get you nowhere
motion filed to establish mdl for federal effexor birth defect lawsuits hashtag litigationupdates hashtag news hashtag antidepressant
username that suuuuucks. ambien made me a zombie. lunesta was lovely for the short time i took it. now using xanax as needed.
boniva thugs n harmony hashtag oldermusicians username
username imodium the world doesn’t have the same ring to it.
username anthe antara
took my first shot of victoza in my stomach and have become steady in pricking my fingers for blood. lets fucking go. hashtag teamcap
the pain i'm feeling right now won't go away with oxycodone x only username can heal my scars
so one username daen know what a 50ksh is..issorait *sips diclofenac
so i think adderall has been working somewhat. im pretty focused on one thing at a time
the tech at pp told me she was afraid her boyfriend was gonna accidentally rip out her nuvaring because his dick's so big. he hasn't.
username he mentioned effexor but cant take it cuz i was on it geodon username the same ended up in the hospital,dont know which caused it
hashtag dysfunctionalmovies a nightmare on lunesta
remember that month where i acted like i was starring in a cymbalta ad? totally normal behavior if i were a hashtag housecat. hashtag may2013
slept. ate. did yoga. lamictal + latuda = pain? any comments/opinions?
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
username i came off pristiq in july last year. i still get brain zaps when tired. my genitals aren’t numb now tho - swings/roundabouts
fart with mac some pong timberlake scrapbooks all disposed bad diarrhea meander zostavax despicable me roman holiday table tennis
adverse effect of diclofenac include 'gi disturbances, bleeding, peptic ulceration. occasionally headache, dizziness or vertigo'.
my evening has gone from looking at lanyards to considering getting a cat and calling it punani tsunami. pregabalin is one hell of a drug.
username username username pass the oxybutynin - it is first line you know! ;)
trying to decide if i should take the saphris tonight or not.
preparing for my presentation on the exelon use case for it operations. no pressure. hashtag hpcustforums
off suboxone onto methadone heroin oxy,s.its been 12 months since lucy was taken by frankston council.sweet beautiful angel i miss you
crestor was seriously a huge dick. hashtag gameofthrones
news flash: facebook purchases rosetta stone....dr. discovers tamiflu has no effect on ebola.
username why so little sleep? all that bbq/craft beer hunting and work? give me a trazodone, and i'll come out of my coma around noon.
tried zumba today. that means extra lyrica for me. lol
just did hashtag humira shot...wasnt soooo bad!!
show me an unknowable bodyes, and i will show you a rosiglitazone that homages it
username username lacosomide is playing merry hell. phenytoin is gone for now. i don't like time between appt's. no sense of time
hashtag ibs is not fatal: fiber, antispasmodics, tcas, antimotility agents, and lubiprostone
i'm having to pee way too much this drive.. drinking too much water. fuck you 70mg vyvanse and your ability to dehydrate the fuck out of me.
when i was taking a full dose of hashtag paxil, i didn't even realize that sleeping 12 hours a night, then falling asleep every day, wasn't normal.
username i feel that. my friend who got off heroin via suboxone had a similar experience.
oh and dexilant helps with heartburn and indigestion as well for all of you who need relief...
username username username for bipolar, tramadol, gabapentin baclofen for pain spasms
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
bob is so adventurous... this xarelto commercial... every effing morning. i want to be a risk taker like bob; i need a heart problem :,(
username username yeah she is drugged on advair and xanax combined with pinot.
bushisms combines the higuera of sallowness with the sildenafil of sallowness
hashtag followfriday! username nicotine? too simple. i'm addicted to another chemical compound, it's called human.”
need that adderall plug to survive through finals week sleepy face
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
boniva has done wonders for sally field. she's still got it. hashtag oscars2014
username do you have high blood pressure and diabetes? pt says no but they are on metoprolol and glimepiride.....
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hashtag nap time for this girl. stupid hashtag medications hashtag paxil hashtag trazodone hashtag seroquel
username have had thalidomide programme on in background - devastating
asians are at higher risk for severe allergic skin reactions to carbamazepine. phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine are alternatives.
will still be on the geodon, but will also be taking a low-dose alprazolam as needed for the sudden anxiety attacks ive been getting
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
username i had a weird rash w/ enbrel. but it was all over my abdomen chest. rash in elbow cld b psoriasis? can u take a pic?
niagara rt username what happens if you mix up your nexium and your viagra?   hashtag tbscommercials
coming up this week: seroquel is notorious for two things - making you sleep until next tuesday, and leaving you a hangover. lovely.
campbell's advice to drugs indy: stop being defensive, use social media to tell your own story. thalidomide was a long time ago. hashtag abpiconf
asthma leave me alone....i only have 20% left w/my symbicort ;-((( and it's not available here in palau
username different drug class: eliquis is anticoagulant; vorapaxar is antiplatelet.
username nevermind you can over dose on trazodone i'll only take one(:
what idiot wears their nuvaring as a bracelet??? lmao
username get on that xopenex grind
why would they want a repeat of what happened with azt with aids or thalidomide with morning sickness relief
username yes i never heard of suboxone
username btw i thought tysabri was wonderful. just never miss a jcv virus test.
skpo*nt oxycontin (brand) skpo*end oxycodone (generic)  hashtag steno hashtag ebriefs hashtag stenobriefs hashtag courtreporting hashtag stenography
username the levaquin is very strong. not too many side effects for dad. it just takes away all his strength.
username username yes i am getting these tweets in the wrong order i think+ am on stupid gabapentin which makes me intensely thick
scared of my hashtag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hashtag crohns hashtag ra hashtag help
going off paxil cr cold turkey is something you should never ever do if you value your brain cells.
username enbrel mtx. prob need to inc mtx but fighting s/x
username username with a bit of olanzapine chucked in aswell. so i have no idea what's actually helped me if that makes sense x
am trying to force sleep by moving to the spare room. probably just as well i picking up some quetiapine tomorrow
username i'm staying up just to annoy username i might slip a temazepam in his cup of tea! hashtag sobertwat” we've run out of temazepam!
username it's my nicotine withdrawls
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid... this doctor is tryn to kill me. that sounds lyk a fuckn nuke
so sad.i get such bad nose throat infections so often tt my doctor knows me by the antibiotic she always gives me - i'm the avelox lady :(
3rd enbrel shot down! still burns like the dickens!
pussy hole the side effects of this victoza so real :/ cheapus u let nature heal you
username specialist? i am taking lamotrigine for bipolar. less on the schizoid spectrum for me.
metoprolol atenolol propanolol haha beta blockers are fun to say
imma get my mothafuckin tubes tied asap. wondering why i gained 20 lbs over the last 3 months = been on nuvaring for the past 3 months. duh.
i'd just given myself an aranesp injection. speculating about whether that could have caused it?
extensive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin related to use of sorafenib for treatment of flt3-mutant acute myeloid leukemia [diagnosis ...
rt username *batman voice* do you have a lozenge
username bigged you up to the wife last night, whilst tipsy on diclofenac
should finally have my lyrica tomorrow after weeks off it.. hope so much things will get a bit better.. this is not a life.
username username um. exubera was partnered before ph3
dissociative fugues loss of empathy since age 11, serious cardio problems since age 14, almost dying of paxil withdrawal username 21, that's a-ok
username username username hashtag mhchat lamotrigine also causes me to have fewer hours sleep a night
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
the website for lyrica says elimination half-life of about 6 hours the last time i took was at about 9pm last night leh! why still dizzy!!
username eh. blanket tolerance induction seems like overkill. flovent and desloratidine provide a decent, albeit temporary, fix.
username adderall had me using scissors to cut my lawn.” username or your paint brush face with tears of joy
hashtag acc14 marc cohen md states careful with concomitant use of amiodarone and xarelto
i kind if want one of those crestor bowling shirts. time to dial back the tv watching.
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
this higher dose of hashtag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
username dr put me on tamiflu and said it should keep me for getting it
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hashtag humira hashtag rheum
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
the pharmaceutical company’s earnings beat expectations, however, helped by sales of the diabetes drug januvia and…
antara komik dan tidur. what should i prefer?
the time i really need to take my nebulizer i can't find any xopenex OK hand clapping hands
this nuvaring is already annoying lmao
i was taking eliquis and thought, can i up my game? so now i'm taking eliquis and snorting coke.
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
username right now i'm getting by on a low dose of pred and the doc wants me to consider humira since remicade stopped working.
am snack: 12 hour sudafed b-complex 1000mg vitamin c antihistamine delsym shots of fluticasone propionate ready 4 some football! hashtag beardown
username username agree that big pharma should be interested. buprenorphine is shown to be addictive but not like oxy/hydro
username  please have lacinda call attorney for heirship re avandia claims toll free 855-397-3445 ask for joe
i've been sleeping so much since i haven't taken my vyvanse since last thursday!
username yes, other than the 14 doses of miralax making itself known! lmao! ugh!!
username yes. has boot now. on prolia for osteoporosis. was the good foot: stress fracture at pressure point of orthotic.
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hashtag rxisin hashtag pam
at least u can admit it rt username only thing is nuvaring will turn you into an emotionally unstable bitch
feel crap every morning. wake up after another restless night and just want to cry. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day16
i think i should take a tablet of gnc burn 60 and go off for my late night jogging. chronic fatigue sydrome sucks. fluoxetine didn't help.
username got a virus warning from this post about enbrel 25 mg syringe. pls check link.
username that's the hardest part: difficult to willingly self-inflict pain. hashtag humira hashtag rheum
apparently lunesta and stairs are not a good pair!
username dang metformin kinda helped with weight at first but now it's not much, periods are just hell though.
username drugs like avandia (small sample relative to all meds) may have hidden something. fda has to approve which takes years. gov...
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
my body was almost descimated with crestor prescribed by doctor. unfortunately u cant trust all doctors.try red omega 3 from drug store(cvs)
username i take two citalopram and trazodone lolol pair it with adderall and a little vodka and you'll be good to go lolol
so this levothyroxine, im supposed to take on empty stomach and not w effexor. gah. i usually take effexor as soon as i get up in morning.
reading about all the risk and side effects from the nuvaring kinda makes me nervous.. as if i don't worry enough without searching google..
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
username is it a girl? if so name is meridia
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
rt username depression hurts and cymbalta can't help a real nigga
soooo tired...2 diclofenac then sleep hashtag goodnight
well mines meridia bitch so i'm in the clear ! clapping hands
rt username almost blew out my arms heels username work. they hurt like hell. the pain is spreading, damned cipro.
username crestor you dont need no stinkin crestor
to pop another lunesta or add seroquel? that is the question. any opinions?
i really wish they would invent ventolin cigarettes
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hashtag humira is horrible tired face
then continue with 18 months therapy using pyrazinamide, ethambutol, levofloxacin, etionamide, cycloserin
username i spent a week in the hospital for sepsis, heroic doses of levaquin that made things taste funny for a month.
i can't stop yawning hashtag trazodone
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
username vyvanse sucks it gave me anxiety so i suggest you take strattera it's so much better acacia
username no, it's never got better for me :( hate it - was on loads of gabapentin now on loads of pregabalin and topiramate... hurts :(
username don't get disappointed, sildenafil does work, try it
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
studies show that acomplia weight loss pills increases the risk of suicidal thoughts and suicidal acts
username username username as well as everywhere else i'm taking dihydrocodeine,naproxen gabapentin but still get lot of pain
looking for the price of ciprofloxacin and the sites keep on redirecting me to online stores for viagra. wtf
username gabapentin and amitryptylinr made me very drowsy! propanalol made me dizzy (but i have very low blood pressure!).
racist night antara club ke apa ni
username i take metformin because i have to, and it works. but it also makes me unable to tolerate much alcohol, and that part i hate.
it feels like we're all living in a prozac nation, the united states of depression
i love the blythe danner prolia commercials
username enbrel is not to be used in close proximity to anything that anyone anywhere has ever described as fun.
not while on suboxone i guess you know how fucked up meadows edge is. you went there
fluticasone propionate was a bad idea. joint pain all week. happened to my mom, too. it was working, though.
username adderall. vyvanse gave me some pretty undesirable sexual side effects beaming face with smiling eyes try and find focalin. it's new and well liked so far.
fell asleep lastnight with the laptop on and all phones plugged-in. accidentally disconnected wifi. gabapentin knocked me out cold. confounded face confounded face confounded face
username true. i forget medicine comes out faster in other countries. my vimpat has a generic in canada but not here.
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
$ohrp eye drop going after blockbuster market of eylea (injection). 5 person trial data being presented 2/19 at macula society meeting
username when is the army of meridia gonna get fixed?
bingung antara drama korea prime minister and i di rtv n the heirs d rcti ..
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
username guess it was thalidomide and lannett i was thinking of
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
one minute until my interview w exelon and all i can think about is how much i use hand gestures why god why
aggrenox discount coupon: aggrenox discount coupon. the relevancy of the to evaluate the advantages any...  hashtag coupon
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
username - take a baby aspirin w/the tecfidera or when you experience side effects like flushing. 2-4 oz of applesauce w/pill also helps.
oh shittttttttttt this soup recipe calls for an entire container of miralax
things which are the spawn of satin: mosquitoes, bananas, facebook, paxil withdrawal symptoms. hashtag bewareofsatin
ventolin attacked and defeated tavius stark.
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
advair asthma medicine cost usa $300 europe $35? drug lobby and members of congress on both sides addicted to campaign cash.
you know starting with geodon, the meds messed up my attitude. how odd. it's not just about spirituality. i became a bit mean. that got
odd off-the-wall question: if a heroin addict is getting suboxone trtmt the pmt is $, is there a record of that or a receipt given? hashtag srsq
im on an adderall high atm and im shaking and my heart is pounding fuck
stop taking adderall then you duck username my heart has been beating so fast for the past 2 weeks .”
$bdsi 2nd phase 3 bema buprenorphine ==&gt; data to be released in early july2014 --&gt; so all eyes on this one folks!
best drug-ad warning i've ever heard: do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza.
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
username username username or...say politely are you ill handing some imodium ad
obama should try either chantix tablets or nicotrol nasal spray.people don't even know he smoked or smokes.smokescreen lol.
username you say sally field, i say lady from the boniva commercial”
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hashtag blagh hashtag gross hashtag weak
hashtag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
8:03 pm ch. 6.3 i melted when i saw a spiriva elephant ad. he got to go for a ride in a convertible. then the man took him to see a fair.
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
that adderall page has me dying face with tears of joy
emberton doing mapped rct of dutasteride vs placebo to reduce size of mri lesions in low risk pca hashtag nyuprostate14 hyperlink
started off my day with some good albuterol smoke
too lazy to google nhl offseason depression tips? this guy's got you covered ---&gt; mt username username hashtag paxil
rt username the mental illness circle is not without it's elitists: i'm on effexor. pfft amateur.
suboxone withdrawal is so much fun
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
meds question: does anyone take venlafaxine for anxiety/depression? i'm thinking of switching meds....
trazodone hasn't kicked in yet...what old tv series should i watch? thinking the west wing....or maybe bh 90210 or another teen drama. ;)
.@argusradio mustafa, i have 1 word for you: symbicort
is waking up 5pm honestly that rare? username i need a lunesta hyperlink
username for the first time in ages my testing pulse rate isn't that level. mine was anxiety but pregabalin increase last fri has really
username antara genit dan...... you knowlah-_-
rt username savor trial fails to meet primary endpoint to show superiority of hashtag astrazeneca, bristol dpp-4 diabetes drug hashtag onglyza ht…
username username omg all the special places. i'm not drunk. it's the fluoxetine.
username username no i think probably tramadol or co-cod 30/500 stopping would need face-face pregabalin would be letter/phone contact
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
the goal is to not get thrush from my symbicort
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
maybe it's the good weed, maybe it's the nicotine
morning suggestion from username create an advair holder near our front door out of popsicle sticks.
hashtag rhony really??? thats an advair inhaler not for asthma.
no way possible i couldve failed that math final i studied for 30 minutes and popped an adderall plus it was easy das a good trio right ther
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
would like less vyvanse and more sleep in my life
username fyi -- lyrica is the brand name, pregabalin is the drugs' name
a fishy albuterol perfume and nihilistic clam undertones are united in the 1994 red zinfandel from nerf winery. hashtag abscbntradelaunch
username used to be. but as it says on the wikipedia page (think i may have added it) ventolin really helps relieve it.
i'm allergic to tramadol, codeine, buprenorphine and tapentadol yet my gp has prescribed me oxycodone. if i die this week ya'll know why
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
rt username rt username fda approves hashtag latuda 4 hashtag bipolar depression, a weight-neutral alternative 2 aaps! (v. username ht…
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
the commercial for pristiq makes me depressed.
username you can go to your gyn and get pills to suppress your menstraul cycle. or if you're on the nuvaring you can manipulate it
i need some fuckin lunesta or nyquill or something
i think taking advair literally made me shrink an inch because i've been 5'9 for years and the last year i was measured as 5'8 twice wtf
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
although my bitching about being fat did look a but comical next to my brother, with his olanzapine induced weight gain.
username i'm rockin 40mg paroxetine lemme know how u fare. can someone start doing comparative reviews of these on youtube?
my prozac is organic and artisanal
username username megdosin on ventolin yes but no way any other inhaler your not on neb solution why co your not 2 ill
username username what did you switch to? was that effexor you were on?” zoloft, pristiq now effexor.
murdered prius with the nuvaring interior
username username username username had my weekly etanercept last night. working better for me than methotrexate did hashtag nausea
ok vyvanse, it's 4:30am. at this point ima just throw out a big fuck you
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
i swear, since i went on lamotrigine, i've become dyslexic..what the fuck is up with that?
lunesta is a joke. why am i awake right now?! hashtag sincerelyindireneedofsleep
totally down with possible decreased appetite/decreased weight side effect of this pristiq tbh
i don't think ray lamontagne is touring in washington state. would a cd do? rt username action girl needs lamotrigine badly.
just had the most disturbing dream ever. face without mouth note to self: don't take a nap when you took a lunesta the night before hashtag shitgetsweird
the pills can make you smarter and smarter. geodon, welbutrin, adderall they change the brain structure and you get more abilities.
tysabri toda. a herd of deer in the backyard.
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hashtag crohns hashtag humira
spiriva hashtag fda adcom: studies in copd had specific protocol language for sudden deaths/ acute cv conditions and excluded unstable pts.
how do guys ejaculate on paxil?? hashtag antidepressants
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
username nah homie steph is a better passer and scorer effient wise and 3 pt wise
vyvanse do wonders. goin be hashtag oneofthosenights
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hashtag jraproblems username
&gt;feeling needy &gt;no alcohol &gt;no nicotine &gt;nobody near me i guess i've no choice but to cuddle my pillow and cry
day 11 of hashtag rwrunstreak completed. 1.32 miles of walking. can't run even if i could because of cipro. also day 4 of mostly raw was good.
have any of you developed knee pain since starting tysabri ? what helps with the problem ?
text from hubby after his weekend away. 'i would give her a soother, but all i have is vodka and imodium in my suitcase. hahaha'
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
username username the seroquel is addictive a d they deny it.
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hashtag cipro
username yep same :/ , i finish the cipro on monday , so not long to go , you doing much today then?
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
coming off 150mg venlafaxine over 14 days was a better idea in discussion. my brain feels like its actually vibrating! hashtag willpower
username glad to here it's keppra over the others. lamictal made me a zombie. first seizure is a bitch eh?
maybe username should try a lunesta for his sleeping problems hashtag emabiggestfans1d
gonna have to speak with my psychiatrist about stopping my olanzapine its interfering with my visions and it gives you memory loss and more.
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
medicines like tamoxifen and raloxifene are used to treat hashtag breastcancer but can increase hashtag hotflashes.
i'm not a psychiatrist, but i think stopping paxil cold turkey was a bad idea. but if he said it'd be okay, i should be okay, right...?
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
my 3rd lozenge :(
pretty sure getting straight eyeliner wings is impossible after a dose of ventolin hashtag asthmaprobs
the adderall tweets are getting a little old we get it your addicted to adderall
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hashtag routinewreck
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hashtag ozsleep
username hashtag purifyyourair i switched my advair for cymbacort doesn't burn my mouth
username um, i suggest a lozenge, but go for it. lol.
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hashtag fatkidprobs hashtag hangry
13.24 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. atrocious backache despite having taken paracetamol an hour ago. gone back to bed.
xanex, trazodone, and a seroquel and still can't sleep. hashtag fml
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
username i am non- diabetic but suffered from low sugar and tired all the time.dr prescribed victoza feel like a million$.hunger gone.
username lol okay bae- its a cold though so i'm not sure imodium would help! xxx
fir creek vineyards combines narcotic albuterol midtones and a airy urine flavor in their 2005 merlot. hashtag إطعام
jaclyn looks like she could b in a nuvaring commercial face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy hyperlink
username viox killed a half a million people after manufacturers knew it was dangerous. profit outweighs safety.
whenever i use my ventolin lately i shake i hate it i also hate that i haven't had to use it for like 5 yrs and now im using it almost daily
take adderall they said. you won't notice it they said weary face
i think i'm a xigris rt username username username username buzzfeed quiz: which debunked research finding are you?
username username orencia by iv. my 6th infusion. trials on self inject enbrel humira orencia had break thru symptoms
i took 11 pills of geodon i was rushed to the hospital they had to stick a tube up my nose ugh never again i feel so bad today withdrawals.
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hashtag arthritisprobs
day seven off the baclofen and i've got cold sweats and constant insomnia... i'm running on fumes at this point.
username tell me you saw my latuda joke.
was saving the temazepam for a point in time where its absolutely necessary. that time has now come. see you all in 12-18hrs.
username i started out with lyrica but i could no longer afford it it made me bloated. tried cymbalta my heart was beating wicked fast
i'm not allowed to take seroquel neurontin then go cook food cause i nod out like i'm on dope make a fuckin mess whoops hahaha
lackin of nicotine
i do not like how the gabapentin makes me so sleepy ! i wish it would not do that to me. ..grrrr
fuck here comes the nicotine cravings damn you hookah
username needs imodium
cipro makes my nose feel like its bleeding. but it's not. hashtag phantomsangre
serious question: has anyone on here ever taken vanlalic/venlafaxine? having some weird side effects and want to know if they are normal.
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
interesting hashtag acaai posters: ritonavir inhibitis intranasal fluticasone metabolism causing adrenal suppression hyperlink
username see my neurologist friday the phenobarbital, dilantin, valium, neurontin control them, but can't atop 'em makes me sleepy
can't sleep. lunesta sucks.
username username i'm allergic to imodium :(
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
interesting meeting tonight discussing the role of tiotropium in hashtag asthma. two cups of coffee however were a big mistake... flushed face username
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroidenergy
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
username we have imodium for diarrhoea. we have no cure for ebola. next question.
username yeah i take lamotrigine 25mg every morning. thankfully my fits are under control. you still get fits with meds?
jesus be a throat lozenge.
a bizarre albuterol aroma and hedonistic marigold flavors are entangled in the 1999 pinot noir from acme winery. hashtag algo
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
that medicine eliquis sounds like some really hood name
username that's exactly why i switched but my friend is on depression medicine on the nuvaring too. so idk flushed face
only two and a half hours after work and i now have a tamiflu prescription and a slice of pizza in my hand. well done, jesse, well done.
username i have psoriatic arthritis .. was on enbrel and that stopped working so on humira now for over a year.
username metformin can create disabling tummy problems. my mother was long term diabetic, when she got really sick we moved in with 1/2
kaiser wont pay for my buprenorphine and wont give me benzos because i take buperenorphine. am i even really insured
rel lixx with dis asmatha bai... my ventolin like it eh wa work tonight loudly crying face weary face
username what about legal drugs? zolpidem? alprazolam temazepam diazepam ham o lam
on a related note, someone get jon cooper a throat lozenge.
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
is anyone else really bummed that you can’t buy the crestor bowling ball? hashtag drugcommercials
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
username i took a 30mg oxycodone once i get out this tub i shud be hella knocked
avivas purple inhaler is an advair inhaler, i had one, it's for seasonal allergies, like when there's too much pollen in the air, she suck
pfizer and msd to co-promote the diabetes 'franchise' sitagliptin (januvia) for type 2 diabetes
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
username i have suffered severe reaction to infliximab after 5th one so had to stop. humira is next step in uk pensive face
i really should take my boniva and go to bed.
username if they did a complete thyroidectomy, he'll be on synthroid for the rest of his life (i'm on that for low thyroid).
username username you know we love you lozenge
i bet she took her boniva before she came to present. hashtag jeucyoscarparty
fosamax has been linked to many severe side effects that include femur fractures, esophagus problems,&amp; hardening of the jaw. 1.888.520.5202
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?!
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroids
username yup i have this biogesic, bioflu, hydrite, imodium and fruits. hashtag seniorcitizenmode
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
prozac nation is v good even tho i'm on chapter one
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
username suck on a throat lozenge
i may or may have not taken half of my bottle of neurontin oops dont care bad day
gamma-aminobutyric acid is an inhibitory neurotransmitter which helps to control aggression and eating. . mine is broken username
somebody got free suboxone all night long can't imagine who
four new oral anticoagulants; dabigatran, apixaban, rivaroxaban , and edoxaban improve outcomes versus warfarin in patients with af.
i feel like that xarelto commercial just lasted for 20 minutes!
username i'm feeling down...... idk why” cymbalta can help.
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitis
2nd attempt in as many weeks to 'enjoy' a glass of wine didnt go to plan. venlafaxine and wine do not mix. gin and tonic next then!
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
this eliquis commercial is weird to me
username i'm too high on oxycodone for my tooth ache to check x:
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
whether they do it now or later, eylea '14 cons needs to come down $regn
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
username ffs!! i'm getting shooting pains down arms legs now in eve whole body ache hashtag humira is horrible tired face
username suboxone is making me gain weight. it sucks. did u gain weight? just curious
username oh love :-( i'm on amitriptaline pregabalin for my nerve pain - then oxynorm for breakthrough. the pain won't be helping
lucidity rn is probably some med's fault...with my luck probably klonopin and not seroquel
username for the record, the tamiflu didn't actually help so much as make it last less time seemingly. it's also supposedly really dodgy
username username that is what my neurologist thinks too. he is expert on longevity. i take lipitor. violently allergic to crestor
username yesh. i tried lunesta and ambien. ambien was a joke. lunesta made my mouth taste like battery acid
username hi idk who you are but i just wanted to let you know i gained over 20 lbs on paxil. be watchful.
i'm so over metformin and progesterone, i seriously feel so drunk when i take them that i'm literally stumbling all over the place!
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
if i'm still sick after avelox i'm going to cry
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
of coruse i don't hold grudges anymore zyprexa right medication and feel great love coffe adn smokes feel high and relaxed
from username what is one of the most common herbals for erectile dysfxn? —&gt; sildenafil hashtag toxthurs
4 x 500 mg paracetamol + 7 x 200 mg ibuprofen + 1 x 20 mg fluoxetine should do it if not always tomrow
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
ok found the culprit of the leg cramps its simvastatin and maybe atorvastatin
i know my stress level is high when my lunesta doesn't even work. day three of very little sleep. hashtag calgon
pt:hate keeping labeled pradaxa bottle w/ me. if police officer pulls me over, i need the rx bottle coz it's a control. rph&amp;intern: flushed face confused face flushed face  hashtag marblesmissing
username well i’m taking it with a mood stabilizer (lamictal). i can’t take anti-depressants by themselves-triggers my rapid cycling
the best and top generic medications for alzheimers disease like generic exelon, mirapex, cymbalta and hashtag celexa at magnus online pharmacy
hasil scrimmage game putra antara username vs username : 25-26 | next game putri
 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy rt username it's a bottle of prozac collecting dust in mama dee's medicine cabinet
darkcoin apricot moron enbrel we eat muffins horse ebooks insert how. odor. kodak. spongebob butt pong pong
symbicort contains ford motor oil? no thanks.
username please don't worry.  hashtag humira works great 4 many hashtag crohns patients w/ minimal side effects.  hashtag ibd
username my son has been on lamictal for 3 yrs n broke out in a rash when he 1st was put on it. luckily after going to er it was not the sj
username username eek!.... i'll stick with my natural remedies nature sounds machine. lunesta side effects are scary.
shr cannot afford to continue stocking the garage with januvia for both smoke and newman. bye bye newmie hashtag fiscallyresponsible
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
mama dee need some prozac or something so she can calm her damn nerves
i need nicotine.
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
username is that like quetiapine. when i had to take that crap i could not stay up longer than 11 hours
username i'm sleepless, you've got me wide awake” my song to vyvanse and mdma
been in the bathroom since 4:30am. must be stomach bug. even imodium hasn't helped.
all i have done today is sleep. and i still need to sleep more. this is a welcome change. hashtag quetiapine
username omfg my nan atch took thalidomide before giving birth to my mum haha i was pissing when i found out
finally found the trazodone ! adiosss victory hand
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
i need someone to pass me my ventolin
had a dream my eyes got burned out of my head. thank you trazodone
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
username username username good. i'm afraid to use my advair since the thrush infection :(
ivete sangalo place to fart. levothyroxine it's deep down body playing poker concept has merit. pretend lady gaga porsche diarrhea scarface
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hashtag blah
&gt;&gt;&gt; when you're on adderall and you can't stop chewing the same piece of gum
i've got gabapentin and ativan pumping through my system and i'm starting to feel a bit better.
addicted to nicotine badly.
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
it is not unusual for a penalty drug, like olanzapine, to mimic female hormones, cause breasts to grow, as well as block spiritual powers
found out that it could be two months before i sleep well again now that i'm off seroquel. srsly, fuck the psychiatrist that put me on it.
update: fluticasone propionate left me for my rosin. they seem to get on better than him i hyperlink
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
potential anti-depressant effects of buprenorphine and ketamine? i'm thinking yes
username hashtag oomf needs some cymbalta.”
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
functioning when on pregabalin is next to impossible hashtag zombie
new post (six diet pills with hidden sibutramine recalled) has been published on get fit bookmark
new meds have me out of it. i want therapy not doping up! i was highly functioning now have trouble standing! hashtag quetiapine hashtag bipolar
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
100 mg's of seroquel and 20 mg's of valium and i'm still not tired.
rt username i miss the days when i take 200mg seroquel with a bottle of wine and wake up standing in the kitchen naked, i literally mi…
prevent osteoporosis efficiently with generic fosamax medication - ...
back in the gym and feeling good, thank the lawd! actually, thank humira.
read-throughs from bayer q2 earnings $regn -&gt; eylea ex-us sales €73m $onxx -&gt; nexavar €200m; stivarga €47m
username grab the nexium and strap that tv down
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
username which is only one of the three times i've had that happen, strattera and cymbalta were similarly awful
taking 10mg of saphris last night was the most monumentally stupid idea ever. i didn't sleep until 4.30am and the day is a write off :(
username *youtube experiences rush of searches for nexium commercials* my husband's response to seeing you w/o warning? aww! hee.
moms quotes of the day: give me a half a vyvanse and i'll clean your room. and i'm just gonna have to start smoking pot to be around you
username effexor , second time was a combination of some other prescribed pills and pristiq
oxycodone was my fav pill ;)  hashtag wisdomteeth hashtag fatface hyperlink
username ... gabapentin can cause you to get very hungry. just be prepared. amitriptyline...just ease slowly and use a low dose.
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
username as an adjunct. i agree. very small amounts are all that is necessary. seems to potentiate my norco, gabapentin and cymbalta.
i suppose the only concern is that the lamotrigine is toxic in fairly low doses but i haven't actually taken an od for 16 months.
username tamiflu has a side effect which includes vomiting. i'm not sure that is helping.
i tot that there's already ramai org so i pon kalut laaaa,then turn out that me antara org yg 5 terawal. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
username username at the moment i need to be supported by either imodium or a nappy for runners/easy to carry loo roll brand.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
penicillin, omeprazole, gabapentin ibuprofen and codeine.that's how i rattle n roll! the pain's still there but the giant unicorn's helping!
time to start this project pensive face i need a adderall
this is my first day feeling in any way alert since mid feb. maybe i'm getting used to the at stupid lyrica
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
username i use miralax as a chaser with my belvederes dawg
lamictal withdrawal update: starving!
i want some mother fucking lithium/fluoxetine doses right the fuck now
80mg of adderall in 8 hours. 2 monsters in 6 hours. half a water bottle. no food. aced my fucking wh final. and haven't slept in 24 hours.
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac username username username
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
statin standoff: does rosuvastatin tip the balance in diabetic patients? hyperlink
username flovent 110mcg and proair
i started taking adderall again everyday for the past two weeks and i'm already losing weight
nexium is my hero
i took about 170 milagrams of miralax and still havent pooped....wtf (i have a colonoscopy tomorrow) hashtag noshame hashtag wheresthepoop
username username trazodone was evil. turned you all flat :(
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
username username username username anyone vimpat having weight gain issues. daughter went from size 4 to 8.
trying to force myself to sleep on adderall is fucking impossible.
but i remain on lysteda and metformin, and don't need to see the doctor until april, which is nice.
bad news: i can't take namenda anymore because it makes me pass out hashtag crps hashtag fml
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
there will leader program meeting in dubai next saturday . it will focus on update about victoza . novo nordisk will be the sponsor for thi…
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsproblem
username has anyone used januvia with metformin ? i slept for two weeks , any one similar to reassure me ?
username well i could be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman, give me my ventolin inhaler 2 xendadrine
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
taking my adderall at 2 in the afternoon was not one of my best decisions. hashtag wired grimacing face grimacing face grimacing face
fart wayne are is metamucil. lyricist different from the korean but stock market am happy. vesicare cholera spam sappy dog fart
21.19 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. aches are related to pressure on my body, e.g. if sitting then in back, buttoocks and legs 1/2
on november 25, 2014, the fda warned consumers not 2 buy/use hashtag weightloss hashtag supplement hashtag slimvie b/c it was found 2 contain sibutramine hashtag diet
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
username probably the combination with my fluoxetine. but i can't move that to night time, it makes me have bad dreams.
let me have my morning coffee and prozac before you start your shit.
who names there baby nicotine thoo :/
managed an evening out no loperamide in bag. anxiety highs and lows and stomach churning but i managed it. no excuse to go home early!
username username username tysabri is alpha4beta1; vedolizumab is alpha4beta7, this integrin used for access lamina propria
adderall can actually keep me awake for days on end without an hour of sleep at all , and i hate that.
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hashtag cantsleep
username really .... you bring up the boniva commercial hahahahha dead
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
username i take metformin spironolactone but every now then my cysts flare pretty bad. today yesterday were those days.
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
hashtag fybromyalgia is really painful today. increased pregabalin to help me sleep better. what do other sufferers do for relief. hashtag pain
username i can't push it tho. you'll be ready when you're ready. i was on prozac for the better part of 7 yrs and then username
username meds work differently for each person. i know seroquel xr was hell for me i gained weight but can be heaven for another
sometimes when reading abdominal films, my best read is 'acute miralax deficiency'......
username i played around with the organic synthesis of sildenafil citrate (viagra) in college, so i remember that part.
username username username so far scleritis assoc w/fosamax, also enbrel other biologics but not venlafaxine. hope it clears!
username it's the 10th anniversary since merck finally withdrew vioxx from the market after slaughtering tens of thousands.
fuck yeah...start reducing my suboxone in 2 weeks...so glad
username don't take lunesta tho it made my friend see double
username who's asthmatic?? a ventolin inhaler is around 1700 ..last tym i used it.a symbicort inhaler is 8000bob..but its very effective.
clozaril has been approved and is the next med in line should latuda stop working. (which is what history says will happen, eventually)
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
hashtag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
username you heard me. she was terrified of what meridia would do to her, but she found that she was not afraid of her anger, +
hmm there isnt enough ventolin gym it is
dat fucking feeling when loperamide didn't stop my fucking diarrhea
username username i started enbrel to try and help my ra which had gotten very bad. it dramatically lowers the immune system..
starting to accept the fact im probably going to need to get enbrel injections bc the methotrexate isn't doing much... shitting myself tbh
the neurontin is working double exclamation mark i have been usually social and chatty today double exclamation mark  hashtag neurontin hashtag gabapentin hashtag medication # pill
username yeah girl i got a kidney stone so i'm taking oxycodone its knocking my ass out!
username what was it like? i have teriflunomide 14mg tablet, called aubagio. my hair falls off. i have been eating this 6months.
these children are heavy sleepers. the lunesta must have worked. hashtag peterpanlive
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
this chick said her box is scrumptious; if scrumptious is synonymous with a ricola lozenge she is on the money
username it's called seroquel prolong (quetiapine). apart from the weight gain, i am actually quite happy with it.
alcohol and oxycodone to make me float in the o-zone
username partly true but olanzapine is the worst ever for inducing carb cravings for some unfortunate ppl serequel and clozaril a 2nd
username hate prednisone yet need it. humira tried to kill me. so did remicade. so..
username yeah i have asthma. next time you go see your doctor, ask if you can start using an advair
teriflunomide treatment in pwms not associated with increased risk of infection username hashtag aanam
username yeah mine only gives me three refills a year of monthly symbicort like it's goddamn vicodin or something.
i'm becoming too tolerant to vyvanse hashtag notgrooy
anyone have any suggestions for tight chest and unproductive coughs? already on mucinex, albuterol and advair. fuck this garbage.
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
rt username just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
username no joke!  hashtag tysabri worked like a charm for me, til my immune system went poof. hopeful about hashtag tecfidera :)
boniva is, apparently, a magic elixir of youth.
taking imodium at the dentist’s. this bodes ill.
username and you call me old..did u forget your boniva pills too? hashtag twittervoice
my tremors are horrible. fuck seroquel.
hashtag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
man.got me dat phat grappling and wave beam in maridia.gotta pick up that gud shit on mah way back to crateria through maridia and brinstar.
ugh, maybe tamiflu isn't the greatest thing after all. it can cause insomnia and anxiety. sleeping face
sibutramine makes me not hungry and also not even thirsty
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
username username username username correct. trial will test pa-824 + moxifloxacin + pyrazinamide vs. both hashtag tb hashtag mdrtb
vicks rubbing lotion applied, fedac cough mixture downed. symbicort inhaled. please stop bloody waking me up, cough!
pros and cons of medication. dilemma: have been taking oxybutynin for hyperhidrosis. works very well, but drys out eyes mouth severely.
cuddle with my enbrel so it's my body temp and doesn't hurt as bad hashtag jraproblems username
now see, i just tweeted about the pain i'm in and now it's gotten bad all of a sudden.  oxycodone to the rescue face with medical mask pill hyperlink
username username how long until an updated mac version? i need my muffle!
u know i care even though u dnt rply my tweets dnt play wit ur ventolin pls@thelawlah: i'm too lazy to go refill this inhaler. too lazy
antara study dengan arrow the flash?
too scared to go back to sleep horrid imposing dream hashtag mewmeds hashtag quetiapine hashtag mentalhealth hashtag bipolar
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
username taking entyvio now for crohn's since remicade stopped working and humira didn't work... hashtag ibdselfie hyperlink
username everyone on nexavar cld buy natco's generic for 8800/mon insteaf of bayer's 2.8l/mon. it is for liver cancer-
2015 exelon non-engineering intern - midwest -  hashtag jobs hashtag exeloncorporation hashtag chicago
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
username username lyrica causes me allergies
rt username depresion hurts... cymbalta can help.
username to get oseltamivir (tamiflu), a doctor needs to write a prescription. this medicine fights against the flu by keeping flu viruses
think i'm addicted to ventolin inhalers
speaking of vyvanse, mine is wearing off.
even worse. think venlafaxine morphine in an unpredictable ratio. rt username username don't forget tramadol, the other opioid.
this lyrica stuff just makes me want to eat and sleep! hashtag fatkidprobs hashtag hangry
thank god for trazodone hashtag needsleep
metformin hydrochloride is a biguanide antidiabetic.
need of a clan on clash of clans ? join aciphex , we chill and always active
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
username had hay fever for decades, took fluticasone for 5 years, then discovered i don't need it anymore. hope same for you.
i wonder if this is how productive people on adderall are on the daily... hashtag prevtweet
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
username olanzapine is another anti-psychotic medication. it works on my bipolar but makes me binge eat
username taking nexium every night. he'll be fine
asap need for free this medicines or samples: saphris 15 mg sublingual nalerona. 50 mgrs. in chile..thanks
username i've heard of all kinds of skin issues on lamictal! pretty sure mine is psychosomatic though...
just took 18 fluoxetine tablets......oh shit
its your third visit in 2 weeks for priapism and you're still taking trazodone username
username username cymbalta can help” lmao i'm not dealing with you today no ma'am
i have a feeling i'm not going to go to bed at all tonight. damn you vyvanse!
enbrel proper stings the little fucker
username technically i had a choice. humira and/or remicade worked but gave me migraines. couldn't deal with those side effects
username you can try loperamide eonnie
username who's advair
hashtag oldbands jane's boniva addiction
i took a oxycodone on a empty stomach for my cramps... i feel like shit man face with medical mask crying face i'll never do that again exclamation mark
username no i'm on symbicort 400/12
username hashtag ash14 hashtag aml sorafenib isnt tuberculosis medicine i have hematurea?
username yea definitely mitigates the argument that they are stealing tysabri. going to be hard to pass that one over imo.
rt username paxil makes it nearly impossible to cry.
username someone get trapper a lozenge!
username username i forgot to refill my gabapentin and went 14 hours without. i thought i was gonna die
username pacers are like jay humping his wife on paxil. they can't finish! hashtag jaymohrsports hashtag afootshorter
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
i couldn't remember if i took a vyvanse or not early so i took another one &amp;now i'm spazzing out... bc obviously i took one already tired face confounded face  hashtag adhd
username mine is too... i don't drink coffee very often. i take nexium for my stomach
username well tenofovir emtricitabine which are in truvada, are very toxic w/prolonged use
tysabri users... from a fellow mser... i have multiple sclerosis i'm going on for 12 years i'm 30 years old and i'm about to take tysabri
username idk of any. just went from tysabri to aubagio though. tysabri was making it so i kept getting the shingles. doing ok on new med.
found some old darvocet from 6 years ago.. hopefully this cures my headache grimacing face
januvia miss was from ex-us, says username everybody was worried about us sales. what gives?
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
rt username but why is her niece brushing her hair at a party? hashtag humira
off my tits on ventolin this morning. hyperlink
huge fan of the narrative in the xarelto commercial where the man points at a poster of new zealand then says 'new zealand'.
cs on cipla: advair generic is a nearly $800 mn mdi market in europe
username i changed at xmas from fluoxetine to prozac
that thalidomide documentary revealed an unlikely but sincere champion of the affected families - a young rupert murdoch
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hashtag painfull 4 evr!
username yeah i'm ok. maridia isn't too bad. it's just backwards in 100%.
when oxycodone is needed tired face
home. bed... god is alive. i shud take those diclofenac pills though
username username will send this to meps supporting campaign to get thalidomide manufacturer grunenthal to compensate all thalidomiders
you're so cute! i'm running to walgreen's to pick up uloric meds. i wish you could spend the day with me, i'd drive all the way to see you!
rivaroxaban diary day 6, 05.11 knees better. fluid retention / swelling in both lower legs gone down. ache in lower back and neck.
so, yesterday i asked my dad how to spell lozenge, because i had forgot, the way this man answered me was like bitch, you should have known.
username someones said can happen while fighting infection which is quite possible,nearly finished some cipro&amp;bringing up foul gunk!
when i'm on vyvanse i wan to do 1 of 2 things do all the things or think about all the things.
i need to go take a miralax cause i'm pretty sure i'm still constipated. i thought that jade dragon would make me blow it out my butthole
ahhhhhhhh that's what sleeping mostly through the night feels like. had forgotten. thanks magical cough suppressing codeine ilu
commercial: do not take victoza if you are allergic to victoza. so it appears we've come to this.
username yes. metformin and glimepiride.
starbucks diovan lean lizard all yonder thou correspond excuse you. snow! take a levels detected. back crestor exercise start
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
20s 8th day with hashtag effexor still experiencing some side effects (drowsiness,sleepiness,gi effects). moderate improvement in mood hashtag depression
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.@tara mmm no wonder
huh this guy took xarelto then bought his wife flowers and went to new zealand, not sure what its for but i want my dh to take it :d
crap, totally forgot to eat my diclofenac meds with the famotidine pill. dependable on it weary face weary face now im having side effects.
username username lunesta maybe
username username think id prefer shampoo to imodium winking face
scared of my hashtag humira. keep feeling like i'm having a heart attack or panic attack. anyone else have these problems? hashtag crohns hashtag ra hashtag help
i love lunesta
ticagrelor and prasugrel have more potent anti-platelet activity than clopidogrel, and have higher risk of bleeding. abraham, hashtag ddw14
a big ol' fuck you to my doctor for not telling me a side effect of metoprolol was depression. just wait until i see you friday -.-
username yes but apixaban only reduced hemorrhagic stroke, not ischemic.
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
no one ever tells you that lunesta gives you late night cravings until you can't fit into your dress pants for your presentation tonight.
username username nph 2x daily onglyza once a day
username i'm already taking enbrel but it's annoying and a bitch. if i don't take anything i won't be able to walk..so it's not an option
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
now if anyone could hook it up with some adderall or focalin or vyvanse lol
username i've taken the bp daily if not twice a day like i should, it's juz i didn't think the effexor would spike it so. i'm usually
off mi tits on voltarol, codeine and diclofenac ... hushed face ... better than the pain tho smirking face
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
fuck molly . vyvanse is what gets ya sweatin
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
*le gasp* whaaaat!? meridia suddenly disappeared without saying anything?! that -never- happens!! *oozing, venomous sarcasm*
i got a brand new inhaler called symbicort
 index pointing up medical student died after taking banned weight loss drug bought online: she was prescribed anti-depressant fluoxetine, but had bee...
hashtag updateasonglyric sweet dreams are made of lunesta
love miralax commercials staking a claim to the use of lax as a fun abbreviation and liberating constipated lacrosse fans everywhere
username *snorts* you know i can't feel that stuff, right? unless meridia or taylor do it of course. [leave him alone or i'll burn you.]
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
username lexapro ruins everything. pristiq is much better.
username i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.” omg so true!! ahh!
ain't nothing worse than having vasovagal pre-syncope from levaquin toxicity. hard to digest food just pushes all the nerves. hashtag blah
i've been tweeting a lot. blame it on the vyvanse. i usually don't find myself that interesting..
username tuhan? itu antara kita dan dia. its like you can't touch the wind, but you can feel it. smiling face with smiling eyes
username trying to but ventolin makes me really nervy disappointed face disappointed face disappointed face
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
officially addicted to nicotine
username miralax will
as effective as enbrel is on my hashtag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
that article that i just retweeted is gold. breaking a cymbal is no reason to reach for cymbalta
username terrific song. enjoyment minimally diminished by nexium ad preceding the video.
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
username i took my seroquel almost a hour ago and not that sleepy blah
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
antara kurnia mb oc 500 rf oh 2542 username mb oh 1836 saat fleet owner gathering 28 nov 2014 hashtag bismaniaorg hyperlink
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
lmao rt username rt username pretty sure that song's about a nuvaring rt username baby, i can feel your halo.
enbrel liver grind the gong show
the perils of having to inject my victoza :/ hyperlink
enbrel is killing my leg tonight. thanks for hitting the muscle and making me bleed so much donna hashtag nurseprobs hashtag arthritisprobs
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
whenever i take loperamide i feel great that day but always feel awful the following day, anyone else the same? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnsproblem
rt username is it hot in here or am i just depressed? fda just approved an antidepressant--paxil-- for hot flashes. see my story: …
username username is 6mp the same as immuran? i was on immuran with remicade, cimzia humira ea time. going back on h wo it now.
effects of sitagliptin on plasma incretin concentrations after glucose administratio hyperlink
username :) sounds like the east coast could use a viewing of hashtag mst3k's prince of space, or perhaps a lozenge.
i just realized how weird nuvaring is
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i believe this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
studies on use of denosumab in ckd excluded pt w hypocalcaemia and hyperpth, and hypocal following use a real risk regardless. hashtag asbmr14
rt username hashtag fda drug safety communication: fda is investigating two deaths following injection of hashtag zyprexa relprevv hyperlink
username i used to take darvocet for migraine. my only issue with it is if i took more than one dose, violent hiccups.
username this made me laugh. trazodone here. sweet dreams! ;)
smart man username oomfs just texted me that she's on nuvaring and so far so good. i told her i can't fuck her. simple.
username them you would know that we already have something special since you didn't put a nuvaring on it!
yessss symbicort yesss
hoping former nba player rex chapman overcomes addiction to suboxone by getting the help he needs; now in rehab. hyperlink
rt username linagliptin reduced hypoglycemia risk vs. glimepiride | endocrinology: endocrinology | chicago — linagliptin w... hyperlink
username the gap between remicade and humira triggered the flare - i had no crohn's medication whatsoever
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hashtag painfull 4 evr!
the many moods of fluoxetine. hyperlink
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
seroquel rt username happy 36th birthday to kanye west! what gift are you bringing to the party?
these adderall jokes kill me face with tears of joy clapping hands
i bought you imodium because i noticed you've been shitting a lot more than usual today -aaron
so i took a adderall last night...i'm still awake.
now would be a great opportunity for a lunesta commercial spot. hashtag usopen
hashtag fda hashtag cvot ratner: what happened w/ $gsk rosiglitazone ( hashtag avandia) has severely damaged equipoise; asks can we do tide trial again  hashtag diabetes
major head and chest cold...and i'm missing my enbrel :-( sad sad day!
i'll never forget the feeling of elation that spread through me the first time i took suboxone and felt all the sweating pain disappear
i often get the urge to ask metal vocalists if they'd like a lozenge.
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
i need this nexium to dougie on this reflux is what i need.
diclofenac makes me sick, naproxen makes me depressed and ibuprofen isn't a long term solution.
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
nephrologist is upset. thinks uloric is safer. i argue: 1. allo is reasonably safe 2. no data to support uloric is safer increasing to 400.
username idk like hmmm hyperlink and im rlly short!
cipro and levaquin have destroyed my life and health... when will the fda care about americas?? seems like never !!!
username was on gabapentin for a while bur got no relief. put me on pregabalin along with oxycontin amitripteline oxynorm etc
username username i might be going on enbrel later this year. i didn't know remicade effected the skin.
username what's a nigh nigh yummy? lunesta brownies? lmao balloon have a nice snooze... is your wife driving?
username boo for allergies :( i was on simponi shots for 2 yrs, then they stopped working. this is my 3rd remicade infusion.
i'm taking dexilant and i'm experiencing stomach ache and diarrhea via username hyperlink
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
username attempts at lamotrigine withdrawal, commuting by train every day and being back at work in a new role
3 year old logic + tamiflu rare side effects of hallucinations = weird night.
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
exhausted. had a hell of a weekend, then went to tysabri where they fucked up my line and my vein exploded. so now i'm getting pizza.
accidentally asphyxiating yourself trying to suck a throat lozenge when you have a stuffed nose. hashtag that
username username me too, remicade for a year, humira, and had an allergic reaction to cimzia, almost killed me in november.
username thank you! i hope i don't have an allergic reaction like saphris and zyprex. choking is no fun.
officials say risk to public from bird flu is very low. my report on e yorks duck farm where workers have tamiflu pills is on air soon
username do you need a throat lozenge?
username desiccated thyroid treatment has the same research as levothyroxine before it was thrust at us - none. yet patients far prefer it
minister to clover in passage to your strolling phenomenon for the hitch and hike services in point of honolulu: viohx
egypt u are the most effient garbage collecters in the world collect secrets and expose
cnbc-tv18 alert: amitiza used in treatment of constipation
since starting metformin i can honestly compare myself to a possum that's dead on the pavement in the middle of summer. i am that bloated.
thanks username for helping my bipolar depression and getting me latuda face with tears of joy  hashtag truefriend
username nih as in national institute of health. one of drugs is metformin the other sitagliptin as you already know.
i will have a effient day because the beat is right
username worried face oh. restoril (temazepam) also worked for me. i feel for you, though.
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
nothing makes me want to strangle someone more than the sound of them sucking on a goddamn lozenge
username - i was on humira but after a big eye flair (iritis) that happens with as he changed to remicade it's working great
sally field is looking strong. boniva must be working. hashtag oscars
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
suboxone wrapper layin on the floor of the work truck lolol these cats are outta control
username hi annette, i've slowly started to increase pregabalin again. no improvement yet, still in a lot of pain. problem is, it will
username and then i had horrible sleep once i took the trazodone. i just couldn't win, haha.
username i had to take paroxetine tablets for a year nd a side effect is weight gain, it went to my core. off them now bt can't shift it!
username because i'm seventeen, compose my own beats, lyrically i'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine”l o l
username lol... totally wrote something smart-ass, but decided to delete it. either way, that sucks. :)
fyi username -- username is a walking advair advert hashtag rhony username username username username username hyperlink
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
wasn't thinking and just took double my dose of vyvanse...100 mg...i'm going to be more mellow than mushroom today
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
rt username comparison of 4 antipsychotics in patients over 40 with psychiatric disorders. quetiapine least safe hyperlink
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
username sildenafil used for impotency u forgot to tell
weird how i have a high alcohol tolerance but don't brag about that the way i brag about imodium having absolutely no effect on me (ladies)
cymbalta not what you did
username hashtag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
that moment when you hear kaidan alenko listing the sidr effects for humira.
username username username i once took lunesta and i drove in my sleep. woke up in a walmart parking lot 3 counties over.
username all because of his school environment so now he is on 2 doses of 125mg flovent 2x a day all school year - come on really?
username hi chris, try diclofenac ,30mg, 4 times daily, best anti-inflammatory gives great pain relief, but you need to take omeprazole
username they took vioxx (rofecoxib) off the market hashtag cox2 problems, hashtag shame - posture is biggest problem - arthritis spinal probs.
these crestor commercials are disturbing.
gonzo marlboro xarelto wee-lee nel-sohn bluto is going to see andrew luck elfen lied with cellow real madrid
you all may now refer to me as anita lozenge
ex-div reminder for exelon corp.'s trust preferred securities: on 10/9/14, exelon corp.'s 6.20% trust preferred securities (nyse: bge...
i have no problem in taking tablets and capsules, any size, i can dry swallow, no problem. but temazepam 20mg take the piss, they're massive
reading last night's google searches is interesting. ld50 of loperamide in a cat, anyone? i don't even own a cat.
phil mickelson freaks me out in the enbrel commercials. hashtag deerinheadlights hashtag blink hashtag doyoublink username
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
that nuvaring got me feelin like sonic sometimes
username the one wearing her nuvaring as a bracelet.
cant cope coming off hashtag venlafaxine feel like iv got a hangover mixed with flu symptoms. total nausea i cant keep still. please hurry pass
why does lunesta ruin everything i eat or drink tastewise?
seeing commercials for symbicort like oh wow i wish my health insurance would let me have you, the one medicine that really helps.
actually fit into a larger l sized shirt today! goodbye xxls! almost a month neurontin free. thank you god and zeal wellness.
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
found the perfect combination of coffee and miralax
magically my appetite has gone back to normal since going off seroquel! well, well, well - i was right, the doctor was wrong.
username username he said they were fake and they have no nicotine in it
hashtag rhony who brings advair around with them? its not a fast acting inhaler! aviva is full of bull!
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day15
how long should 'bone treatment' be prolonged? osanto: stop denosumab after 2 years (although no hard data). hashtag pca hashtag eau14
username username username solitromycin looks to be as good as it gets.. moxifloxacin should have no chance vs. sol.
two roles i've seen sally field in: mrs. doubtfire and boniva commercials
i'm going to have to seriously look into a vyvanse prescription since i won't be sleeping much this year.
just took a few loperamide tablets because my last few bathroom trips were a real hashtag toxichellstew
username congrats on the enbrel and yeah especially the first couple of times is quite oh squicky why am i doing this.
she say cymbalta can help! lol rt@asvpxlegend: i'll be your anti-depressant.
tbh u antara victorian paling handsome hahahhahaha username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
username because my dr switched from celexa to paxil and,paxil made me feel sick
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
chopped: mushroom juice extractors, imodium ad, casseroles, dog pee. dessert, 30 minutes. go.
time to get off paxil. it's really really been terrifying lately.
maybe cos of the insulin blocking effect of seroquel but i do feel sugar crashes when eat fast carbs. will feel ill. so avoid where poss.
enbrel is literally the worst part of my week. it hurts soooo bad!!! hashtag arthritisprobs
so i took an adderall to focus clean the pile of poo out of my place then started drinking my vsop i had left.. i think i'm feeling myself.. haha
username username why? $ gild bought cv for 1.5bln. ranexa sales are $370 in 2012 $430mln in 2013. they'll start printing $$ next yr
for example metformin shouldn't be given on the day of or for 48 hours after angio! important to know on a vascular ward.
does anyone get headache an hour after tysabri infusion ?
someone hook me up with some adderall so i can finish these 6 essays
username do not take prolia if you are allergic to prolia or any of its ingredients. the fact they felt the need to say this....
username trazodone and ambien sound better
travelling with sister morphine brother olanzapine, valium and tramadol have dropped in 4 a visit as well. meds, i'm on them.
username username username a coworker keeps a 20g vial of pure sildenafil citrate api from an old project in her bench cabinet.......
mad adderall = no sleep
yeah i know puff puff pass just lemme get my ventolin
i'm so fine today. increasing zyprexa,my condisition became so good. it has a side effect that increase my weight. i must care about it.
never thought i would get paid to explain the difference between oxycontin and oxycodone to a judge, but here we are.
it's 7pm - time to make love to my husbands lamotrigine and fluoxitine.
i'm about to be sick af tomorrow because i ran out of paxil hashtag withdrawal
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
rt username wait” *pops vyvanse*  now beer me”
cipro's nutter butter looks darn right delicious! username hashtag perfectbiscuit hashtag yum hashtag snacktime
my enbrel likes to marvin gaye. i think that is fart. i just went to the diarrhea hut and babysat some dentists.
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
username the gabapentin is making me tired and the tramadol is making me light headed. am ok if busy but if not.... hashtag doublewhammy
username :( :( you need a cuddle, paxil, xanax and your doggie
username hi there just started taking aubagio kind of feeling yucky but better than doing the daily shots lol how are u?
username great but sad prog yesterday re thalidomide and just watched the program. thanks
while stuck with kaiser permanente, i cant even switch to any oral med when i have to stop tysabri because i'm jcv+ and they dont allow it.
rt username if you have hashtag crohns must use hashtag remicade, hashtag humira or hashtag cimzia, u will find this video informative. hyperlink
there's a point where you know when trazodone has kicked in. it's when you're a drunk, staggering, blurry-eyed, amnesic. yeah. i'm there now
username just took a gabapentin now i'm sweating face screaming in fear
synthroid safe breastfeeding
username ooh, let me know how it goes? i've only ever tried fluoxetine for the antidepressants, and it doesn't seem to be working...
another night of ‘light’ sleep. feel low. subdued. sad.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day12
looking for alternative tx for severe insomnia after long convalescence. lunesta no longer working.
lmao rt username went from a full dose of paxil to nothing for the last three days and now i totally understand the plot of fantasia”
who approved this creative? what grandfather would talk about copd or his medications with a young grandchild??? hashtag symbicort
re: tysabri rt: username on tysabri for 3yrs, relapse free 2+ yrs. had to stop as expecting 1st child but plan to go back! good luck :)
what! nightmare made me jump awake! not nice at all. thought hashtag quetiapine was supposed to keep me asleep through the night hashtag psychosis hashtag fail
i might even have to go back on humira if i've developed antibodies in my liver to the infliximab. but, one step at a time, right? :)
fuck adderall i'm tryina sleep and it's 15am umm??? rude
i've got a doctors appointment in a week. will discuss adding low dose of antidepressant again...something not as addictive as cymbalta...
enbrel shots hurt.
in desperate need of some adderall ok :(
username username on the other hand exelon patch 5 and exelon tablets are available.
hashtag astronaut: aliskiren reduces cv death or hashtag heartfailure rehospitalisation in non-diabetics at 12 months - a maggioni hashtag esccongress2013
so a low dose of diazepam is out, but a very high dose of pregabalin is a-ok! where did this woman get her licence to practice medicine?
username username that'll be the temazepam kickin in... chumpions league next season beckons.. lol
forgot to take my gabapentin this morning. my leg is electric. too much pain.
username cipro levaquin and avelox is more like an atomic bomb in the body and all other fluoroquinolones. it happens to millions
oh and did i tell you i took 60mg of temazepam since i didn't fall asleep i'm high yay me
just went to cuba usde cocky shun diarrhea gillette apple tv lincoln center news: the dalai lama boy=bed, mult by da/b. spiriva
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
my wife just noticed something, the latuda (antidepressant) commerical stars the girl who killed her babies in true detective. whoa...
ugh, lunesta has the worst aftertaste ever. forgot to use my peppermint oil tonight. =.(
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hashtag rheum
username hoping the enbrel has come in time to stop the need, but i fear not really.
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
username my dr i knew nuvaring wouldnt work. iud is supposed to help w dysmenorrhea but now it looks like i have smth more serious
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
don't make plans when you have lunesta brain. you'll forget all the details
oxycodone got me right
also literally how depressed nbc sounds now. let's get them some fluoxetine
fakkkk constipated tas loperamide nainom kooooo kill me now otl
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
hey username why you make me wait so many days for my moneyz? my cat's depressed after game of thrones and needs prozac bad! i need my money!
hashtag crohns here we go again: steroids, calcichew, pantriprazole, risedronate sodium in addition to mycophenolate mofetil and folic acid.
kevin yarasheski of wash u shows good safety profile of sitaglipton for use in hashtag hiv
username we didnt like copaxone too much. mom is on tecfidera now! amazing! pill form
hope username considers what the men of grunenthal did to 1000s babies with thalidomide as a moral damage and will suggest sanctions
olanzapine together. olanzapine is causing me to gain weight because i binge eat on it, normally in the evening. also sick of the joint pain
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
username username enbrel for sure gives me wings! and i can't eat! it's great!!
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
dr reddy's: launches oral inhalation levalbuterol solution
woke up in pain, so i made a cocktail of cipro hydrocodone. i'm sooooo not missing work today. nope. not happening.
username the humira helps me. i took remicade before that, but it stopped being effective. i'm a fan of humira.
username king of the crestor generation!
username i do but i worry about him...he self medicated-meaning he goes online orders effexor- anti depressant.it hits 2parts
username username latuda present and ready to tweet. hashtag twilight hashtag saturdaynight
take some cymbalta and gtfo of my face
whoa, that temazipam works wonders. took 3 this week and it was such a difference!!!
username not sure. i took it with venlafaxine mostly, and think it was that which made me very tired
lemme been your fein and you'll be my nicotine.
sandoz enbrel etanercept hashtag biosimilar trial to exploit eu/us reg harmony. us 'submarine' hashtag patent 8063182 expiring 2028 still to be dealt with
y now it's time for the crestor show starring fart. oh, tumble.
username lunesta works well, but prescription only.
rt username have a fucking lozenge judith or at least adjust your mic. rt username bird on the end needs a soother hashtag qanda
so i'm eating a throat lozenge and then i realise it tastes like something familiar. then i remember username bounce juice!
username username copaxone, betaseron, tysabri didn't work. only thing helping at all is rituximab. my neuro sent me to ut southwest
lool@seunbule: and flagyl + levofloxacin to end it username nothing like local ewa agoyin to start the day
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” banana anyone??!
vyvanse is a hell of a drug. you get expensive insomnia! and you get expensive insomnia!
humira was the last drug i tried, did absolutely nothing. doctors have no faith that remicade will be my solution, but i have to try?!
i had a dream that my mom sold vyvanse. i was so excited when i woke up
i just don't know if i want to take 40 mg of paxil twice a day.
i have put on weight (thanks ms and hashtag tysabri). always look on the bright side: time for a username t-shirt spree! hashtag winning
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
username hahaaaaaa! i highly recommend sildenafil citrate for cardiac related issues. may cause stiffnessness.
took xanax and that temazepam and watched space jam in its entirety .. tight ass night,. i prolly do sumn similar today lol
i can go without nicotine for a few day but by the time the third day comes around i want to rip out my teeth
username i still take coreg twice a day for its 'extra' benefits. paxil was evil, but proxac got me thru toughest time.
debbie just the wall she never had it all one prozac a day husbands a cpa her dreams went out the door when she turned 24
that day you don’t take spiriva until noon, which is body clock 3pm. no wonder i felt tight. hi, prednisone, too. jeepers. hashtag routinewreck
username they are fantastic! got me walking and 'normal' ish! give it time tho took 2 months to fully work.yay! humira? enbrel? im on enbrel
i had to move to a higher symbicort dosage. i'm preparing for the weather change that will happen soon. can't get sick!
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
don't mix miralax and vodka.  just don't.
username and i thought recently what moron puts in a pts chart allergy trazodone, reaction - drowsiness as super pathetic. hashtag paidtobabysit
username try it! humira did nothing for me, either. remicade is taking a long time (months), but i'm finally seeing some progress.
username aren't there class action suits against humira and enbrel right now???
username a very personal decision: (possible) disability or death? challenging if not impossible to explain… or i'd choose apixaban
depression hurts, cymbalta can help. so pop a few and shut the fuck up. no sympathy from me sorry.
username wow i thought enbrel burned.
60+ hours awake i finally got a solid 2.5-3 hours of sleep. all it took was 3 melatonin 2 trazodone. hopefully i can pass this final.
eskom are effing hopeless...11mins on hold..they should employee more effient people
username allergic to morphine, codeine tramadol. was okay on buprenorphine tablets but had to come off as block anaesthetic.
username could have used you last week. pt was not please with my, clonidine, hydroxyzine, loperamide solution to her withdrawal issues.
rt username pills for a good day with ulcerative colitis: asacol, immuran, fosamax, fiber, probiotics, fish oil calcium hyperlink
username what is the metformin for? my other half takes that as he is diabetic. it made him feel ropey for a while x
called hashtag shrink he said hashtag cogentin is the reason i'm feeling like pile of poo so taking hashtag latuda alone pill  hashtag ihatemedication
the amount of times a day i get asked to sell some of my prescribed adderall is ridiculous
i feel the benefits of metoprolol outweigh the risks when treating angina. let the debate begin. next week does simethicone reduce farting.
umm that's not how to use an advair inhaler! lol hashtag rhony
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
username username username username do you have copd? i do asthma it's a pain, but if i use my advair inhaler i'm a lot better.
o'hollaren: over 52 weeks, intranasal fluticasone had small decrease (0.27cm/year) in growth velocity compared with placebo hashtag acaai
username username i'm not watching the ff video the crestor doesn't get a hit but it sounds very disrespectful unnecessary
i thought cymbalta is for depression
unfollowers hurts cymbalta can help
antara episod pinocchio, eps 8 la juga omg the feelings ahhhhhhhhhhhh hurt everything crying like a river
username taking advair on camera doesn't confirm you have asthma, don't play w thse drugs they can cause pancreatitis hashtag painfull 4 evr!
thankful for cough syrup, tamiflu inhalers red heart
can't sleep ugh! and thank god for xopenex and atrovent! ok goodnight
2nd generation oral hashtag hypoglycemic drugs :  - glibenclamide - gliclazide - metformin - metformin + glibenclamide
username should carry xopenex if you don't already have, wonderful rescue inhaler
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
username why i came off it. gp told me its not dangerous but it is damn unpleasant. at least i know it's the quetiapine that's causing it
username im diabetic type 2 i was on metformin since 2001-2010. i had through my dr to quit cause it gave me kidney problems.
username i have my insulin just not the metformin so just means i'll be fatter when i get home .. .yay
username even sutent and nexavar loosing share to gsk's votrient.. now its big hit to amgen..
cardiprin, imdur, plavix, tritace, imdur, dilatren... dad's morning pills. crestor for night time. quite a mouthful, isn't it?
does ranolazine improve mortality?
hashtag savor-timi 53: saxagliptin did not increase cv death/mi/ischemic stroke in hashtag diabetics w/ cvd or risk factors - d bhatt hashtag esccongress2013
hashtag excercise is as effective cure for hashtag depression as hashtag paxil and hashtag zoloft. so ask your doctor if getting off your asses is good for you?!!
i need to breathe . i need a punching bag . i need some prozac . and some fucking e&amp;j . probably to go back to sleep
username i bet it did, need some cymbalta? turn that frown, upside down.
username less keppra and more vimpat for the win! have to figure out how to fine tune weekly-daily memories now. hashtag littlevictories
found out that diclofenac i took today is q painkiller u get for cancer and post operations. holy shit. nae wunner i was tuned to the moon
i have metformin tummy today :-(
username oops!! i think it's cymbalta instead not celebrex. fffff
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
username interesting! my experience with patients taking seroquel is massive weight gain.
username it works otherwise. my pcp started me on trazodone before. i felt like i.had a frontal lobotomy the following day
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
remember people those on cipro keep in the shade or apply your high sun screen sun sun sun sun  hashtag cfpositivity
my levothyroxine dose is doubling again!!
exhausted...can't fall asleep. don't wanna take a trazadone and wake up hungover. hashtag sleepdisorderproblems
hi, i'm experiencing some symptoms you described in your commercial. mostly fatigue. no..i didn't take crestor but-hello? hello?
5. so what caused the hashtag estrogen surges in hashtag nuvaring ? did any one wonder why? do you know that a surge in hashtag estrogen can cause a hashtag bloodclot?
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hashtag needanorthopod hashtag neverthoughtidsaythat
i've been getting almost daily headaches for the past 3 weeks weary face side effects of hashtag enbrel ? i've been on it for months now though hashtag rheum
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
username true tho knowledge is power and for those with copd with emphysema it may be a consideration. what worked 4 me is chantix + patch.
username i totally agree with you. esp as individual response to nsaids hetetogeneous, many got better with vioxx and accept risk
username i think sally field forgot her boniva tonight.
only had the 1 gabapentin today and i am feeling it now. god my feet hurt!
hypochondriac traveler ready for lift off: maxalt, cipro, tamiflu, hydrocort, benadryl, dramamine decongestant... hyperlink
for my birthday i'd like: - vacation to pride rock elephant boar monkey - a ride in glinda's bubble sparkles - or be crowned prince of januvia princess
username yeaa bihh all jacked up on vyvanse! beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes
med update? 80mg of latuda (which gives me the weirdest feeling an hour after taking it) .5 mg of clonazepam. he won't give me more :(
matt damon glaring the news: rihanna wins pork chops minux farting smelly crying android bird dropping moose horns oatmeal zostavax
jamaal charles maul donald sterling to will often freak girdle beethoven sits jamaal charles victoza
by the way for people too lazy to use google, thalidomide is a drug that led to huge birth defects, like extra toes, swollen head etc.
fuck paxil. i never want to take this shit again, but every time i try i get ridiculously sick. my life suckssss.
lunesta would be so so useful
i can feel synthroid leaving my body through moisture. i'm hot, sweaty, and i have to pee every two minutes.
everytime i see a hashtag cymbalta commercial, they're saying it does something new. is it a miracle drug? is hashtag cymbalta jesus?
username username metoprolol will help;  so will a w!
spinkick your somber self with new mountain dew registered serotonin smash! *cut to kid smiling manically* is the dew in you(r brain) :contains paxil:
i really shouldn't argue with cricket fans/horse racing enthusiasts. it's like taking candy from a thalidomide baby. just no challenge.
username con ventolin doc?
username darvocet never worked for me. currently prescribed hydrocodone, robaxin and an anti-nauseal.
i had a very bad reaction to victoza and the fever it caused sent my glucose up to 25.5 i had to go back to insulin to sort.@amidiabetic
username bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. this same chemical is found in prozacuhmmmmm
jury deliberations underway in nexium pay-for-delay trial. issues of payment, causation crucial.
username username military health insurance. before we were married i paid $40 per month for nuvaring tired face
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
hashtag tossatnight victoza has more side effects than meth.
crestor side effects muscle cramps you're telling me
username ewww. those must taste horrible esp abilify and lamictal, even it just touches my tongue, it's bitter
username username i mean like ive heard of people poppin adderall but never synthroid idk??? i mean its just for thyroid???
well hello 1am. thanks lunesta for not doing your one job new moon face
username username i was allergic to it, i take cymbalta
username username i'm taking tamiflu and feel like i'm gonna throw up all the time sleepy face
took like half a bottle of lunesta and i'm still awake
username as a patient, id certainly take atorvastatin ahead of vytorin if my life depended upon it based on all available data
username i'm feeling weirdly antsy lately and i'm positive it's due to the prozac and i'm a bit worried where that could lead me
username $mrk claims 2b very confident glp-1s will continue 2b prescribed after dpp-4s so don't see a credible threat2 januvia franchse.
lol my stepdad is lecturing me on how much nicotine is in hookah pens lolol k jackass i'm not gonna die from it right now
an advair disc is $350! unbelievable
username username hey juan morra, familiarize yourself with the exubera bong - looks like smoking morra juana. $mnkd hashtag compliance
ahh lamotrigine, it would be bad not to take you, we'll i could miss a dose, but not several
username i've had better times. still love the xarelto, though! :-) how are you?
username 8 months of no treatment. went back to my original rheumy and she's trying to get me back on remi. i was allergic to enbrel
username i have used the ventolin a few more times when i got particularly wheezy
username username i take lunesta and that works the best for me for sleep- with no nightmares
thanks to the commit lozenge, nicotine is no longer my heroin, my friends. and my teeth aren't the color of butter! hashtag commitlozenge hashtag nosmoke
suboxone not covered for a patient :( med used for heroin addiction. i felt so bad. pharmacist told me to man up.
username those moments when you randomly get horny.” just kidding hashtag prozac
victoza ad is 90% awful side affects.
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
viibryd day one. i think it made me super sensitive to sunlight but benadryl does that too, so.
prozac and that oxycontin.
hashtag rejectedadventhymntitles awake, awake...the lunesta should have worn off by now
he came to me sometime in the midst of my viibryd and whiskey infused frightful haze and wakeful, restless torture.
aciex has received patents for ac-170 cetirizine ophthalmic compositions ac-155 fluticasone propionate nano-crystalline compositions.
username username i have a penicillin/ keflex allergy so my dr writes me 10 days of zpack or i'd still be sick too! sometimes cipro
username some inhalers make you shaky and can increase the feeling of anxiety. my flovent tastes like rocks.
username username and since thalidomide what proof is there of success? none. just like the tsa never catching a terrorist.
username she was then given the choice to return to methadone or buprenorphine afterwards and refused both.
username that's possible. like, they have oxyneo which is the new oxycontin (slow release)...or pure oxycodone which is percocet w/out tr
just wondering where the side effect of hating the world is stated on vyvanse advertisements?
going back to bed for a nap. seroquel has turned me into a zombie again today.
torrent pharma: receives us fda approval for hypertension drug telmisartan
canagliflozin demonstrates better glycemic control and body weight reduction versus sitagliptin in a 52 weeks clinical study #2013ada
how is cymbalta supposed to help people? depression hurts, cymbalta can help. *names all these non-sense side effects* wtf no. lmbo.
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
oops i did'nt eat before taking the gabapentin now i'm floating on the breeze...lol...won't do that again...phhwahhh.
man on tv says don't take victoza if you're allergic to it. really? duhhhhh....
an imodium ad but for all of the shit that comes out of your mouth.
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
username i think patients who take tysabri generally want to know if they could be at risk for pml.
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
username i have your ciprofloxacin.
username still time to get a flu shot and talk to your doctor to see if tamiflu makes sense if you do get the flu and see them fast.
today was hard - arguing with a professional. was told seroquel doesn’t make you put on weight - i and my extra 20kg beg to differ.
completely willing to take my vyvanse and stay up all night and do it. just asking first, uno? lol
after an entire day of people telling me that they remember metformin by reciting my name, i've decided that i'm changing my handle.
pussy like oxycodone
see?! rt username latuda is the worst name. who approved this.
username i should share that i'm deathly allergic to nalaxone, &amp;long-term buprenorphine was horrific to detox, took 2 weeks. caution.
hyper af! i feel like a bird on vyvanse
username could use some prozac. people with bunny ears
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
thank you quest diagnostics horizons hospice apidra bayer pt group welchol cdc the pa dept of health the va dept of health of course wamo
wtf hard papi -:p paxil&amp; rivotril cocktail 4 fuck'n head !
white folks b callin askin 4 shit i neva heard of wtf is a suboxone
username not a specific class preferred but tzds can exacerbate hf and metformin should be used with caution during exacerbations hashtag phrm741
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
username i was just diagnosed 6 months ago and im on birthcontrol and was on metformin but it made me too sick so i quit cold turkey
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
username good the gabapentin is helping now you've overcome the side effects. i'm sure that makes a big difference.
a mixture of diazepam and temazepam to make myself sleep was maybe not the greatest idea. i feel like the whole world is spinning around me.
time to eat a pack!!!  username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.”
effexor dreams d:
hashtag antiepileptic moa : 1/ block na channels : phenytoin , carbamazepine , lamotrigine  2/ block ca channels: valporic acid username
username it's very hard to find good medication combo that works.. i'm currently on remicade :) humira didn't work for me
username username username username username i'm suboxone certified for the treatment of opioid addiction. you can stop now
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hashtag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hashtag suicidal ..only just
my house smells of bacon seroquel is making me so hungry i want to tear my own face off eat it or cry or maybe both at once.
as effective as enbrel is on my hashtag rheum i really could do without the second-day hangover.
nicotine lozenges are giving me stomach cramps.
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
username i'm trying to go off it. i'm on lamictal now and it works but i'm still addicted to geodon
since i stopped synthroid, metformin and victoza i have much less aches and pains. wondering if i even have hashtag fibromyalgia
trouble on my mind - tyler the crestor ft pusha t.
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
username username lol face with tears of joy if yall can find a dr that gives tamiflu before you have the flu, we're all good! winking face with tongue
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
لكن... both brilinta and plavix should be stopped 5 days before surgery...and effient at least 7 days beforehand.
rft username you're the reason i'm still here? no, you're the reason i'm on prozac. get your shit strait.”
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
jus saw a drug-lawsuit commercial n the names of the drugs were: byetta, januvia n victoza. my mind immediately went 2a set of projects
vyvanse and seroquel hashtag twothingsthatdontmixwell
username prozac was the only thing i liked, they gave me strattera and paxil before and dear god no should ever have to take paxil
hashtag setting4success lilly weekly diabetes drug succeeds vs market leader victoza -study hashtag news hashtag smallbusiness hashtag entrepreneur
username ...these horrors are on info sheet in box!! lyrica explains weight gain cym explains so much more. why don't they tell us? dammit
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroids
diarrheic, farting choice. 420 oriental thru the jew lips diovan sportsline! nfl: cowboys like reading crick circular horse ebooks
username username username username username username i've heard a lot about tummy problems and metformin :(
ok i've got a med ? anyone ever tried cymbalta?? my doc put me on it but i slept 10 hrs straight!!
username venlafaxine definitely does mine. also makes me need 15 hours sleep a day. hence now unmediated rollercoastery.
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
after the last 2 days i have come to the conclusion that withdrawing from pristiq must be lost coming off heroin, fuuuuck
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
username noted and just thought to put reminder in my ical. doh. my neurontin memory side effects are showing bleah gall bladder too.
lmao biggest bitch award goes to the lady flipping extra shit in the drive thru bc we were oos on a metformin she doesn't even fill here
more evidence varenicline helps mentally ill quit smoking
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. username hashtag learntolovethem
no getting itchy is just a common side effect of oxycodone  username username are you allergic to any meds?”
thanks to nuvaring my period was only 3 days long two hearts two hearts sparkles sparkles relieved face
the openers for this band are like mumford and sons on ambien and lunesta with a shot of nyquil.
i'd be so lost without those enbrel folks. they are tenacious and firm, but non-threatening. thanks, big pharma! syringe  beating heart  blossom
my lyrica deeper than the sea floor
username i was fine w/ effexor. paxil/seroxat/paroxetine was the worst fucking bitch ad i've ever withdrawn from. pure evil.
when i'm at work people must think i'm on adderall and so high i think they are the british queen. hashtag sorryimreallyniceandbusy
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitis
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
biodelivery sciences (bdsi) endo report positive top line phase 3 results for bema buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients...
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
username yep. pristiq stopped working. i've been phasing off over the last week. these past 4-5 days have been very rough.
jalapeño cheddar cheetos and a coke to chase my adderall so i don't vom. hashtag socute
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
what happens when you take laxatives and imodium
username yeah, you'll suffer no matter what. i would say suboxone withdrawal is worse than methadone, but both are pretty horrible.
laura crowley i would like to know how much neurontin it takes to stop the pain from the hug?
username nexium doesn't help the runs haha
guess i don't have a seroquel for tonight. that's cool.
exams+vyvanse= owned bitch
username yes. he thinks inhale some insulin resistance. has put me on metformin to see if that helps.
albuterol is like my crack cocaine, except that is won't kill me, and it makes normal ppl feel like they are freaking out! hashtag cysticfibrosis
siriani bros winery unites near-demonic albuterol overtones and a sour oatmeal perfume in their 1993 pinot noir. hashtag forex
thank you thuriyy we've been through lots of things in these past few days. hahaha biarlah rahsia antara kita ayyip username
username on cimzia and prednisone. was on remicade, then humira both did not work for me. cimzia seems to for now. have ileostomy 15+ yrs
i took a oxycodone for my headache i went smck to sleep
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
username i'm on enbrel right now... not starting mtx til november. i know that 'hungover' feeling though :( hope it gets better for u!
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
jennifer lawrence look like she slicked her hair back rill quick before pickin up her boniva prescription
ranbaxy still has exclusive rights for nexium generic - ceo
next match perebutan juara ke-3 championship division antara username vs username hashtag championshipdivision hashtag finallfm2014
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
time for my daily afternoon relaxation ritual by smoking lots of weed, and ingesting 2 mg of clonazepam, and 400 mg of seroquel xr.
username she's on prozac and has a weight problem. she's also a socialist.
username need to hire imodium instead because it prevents the blowout.
username omeprazole is what i take and has done me well. dexilant messed me up.
i started on new treatment (tysabri) in early 2010 which has been a very good for me. there has been great advances in treatment in 8 years
another successful psych trip. 375mg venlafaxine for me. on the plus side, they can't raise it any more. who needs a drink?
have you tried licking ....... *answers call* username doctors in the house...i cant stop coughing without ventolin its really annoying
this latest crestor commercial is just awful.
me: why have i been sectioned, what psychotic symptoms do i have? psychiatrist: dancing. i am now addicted to the antipsychotic olanzapine
potema, we both know meridia is jealous.
hashtag aurobindopharma receives final approval from usfda to manufacture market username drug loperamide hydrochloride tablet
this seroquel got me sleepy
taking this little pill 4mg of ventolin has already shaking my body and mind. thanks for exist. hyperlink
sun and ranbaxy gain on usfda approval for diovan
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
username username it would probably be to sell more metformin but whatever
username end point choice is critical. crestor produces lower ldl levels than generic statins but same or worse # adverse cv events.
username wondering why cvs honors januvia manufacturers coupon and caremark doesn't. is this policy or oversite? thank you.
username username nuvaring is great. i only have slight cramping before af starts a doesn't feel it during sex smiling face
the burns and graft are healing well. he was still obviously in pain. they've took him off paxil b/c it didn't react well to pain meds.
fuck your stupid fluoxetine
if you or a loved one has experienced adverse side effects from the use of paxil, you may qualify for compensation. 1.888.520.5202.
username username username when ur miralax didnt work and ur still backed up hyperlink
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
username the hashtag scandalhangover is real like holyfield in this camp. sooo stoked 4 s3. imma need some boniva cuz i stay person bowing 2 sr team
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
username username good idea, although if we're after a therapeutic solution i'd start with imodium ...
venlafaxine withdrawal is horrific
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
rt@fehelowedumaf: a melancholy oatmeal perfume and blissful albuterol midtones are combined in the 1993 chardonnay from siriani winery. #...
username username cymbalta withdrawal is getting top billing at the moment, however. ugh! xx
i'm gonna sue you bastards for making me take ventolin my whole life and now i can't get off the stuff
someone in the audience needs a throat lozenge, a bit like nigella! hashtag qanda
denosumab should be the first option versus zoledronic acid for bone disease under new aua crpc guidelines. hashtag aua13
valium makes my wine a little less depressing. pristiq makes everything a little less depressing
high intensity statins decr. ldl 50% or more- they include atorvastatin 40-80 mg rosuvastatin 20-40mg- help reduce major cv events. hashtag advdm
night driver megacoin rob hubbard barker and teammate farting sending shoddy imodium ad grope rain a spain bath beyond. he was teaching
username the lozenge lol
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
username that's good news. you must feel a bit less stressed. btw, are you ok with diazepam and fluoxetine? take both and they space me out
username username adderall had me driving like i was in nascar on the way to work” username
got damn that symbicort really worked im so happy i can finally fucking breath holy shit i take breathing for granted
lamictal nap ft. 2 cups of caffeinated coffee
username you need to go to the doctor and ask them to put you on flovent the inhaler that you take twice a day 2 puffs
username i might be the only one linking this story to deen's role as novo/victoza spokesperson, although from roi perspective
hashtag babymeetup meg, for silent reflux is meds such as nexium good for baby long term or is anti acid like gsviscon better.
never forget who your crestor is
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
herxing is like being a giant ball of pain and insomnia. advil, painkillers, imitrex, and lunesta don't touch it.
$eln ceo martin is explaining reasons for tysabri transaction w/ $biib
shouldn't have taken 80mg of vyvanse today... hashtag cantsleep
username but they had to take me off geodon cuz i was developing tardive dyskonesia
username yes jackie. i'm on tysabri and have been for three years
not taking gabapentin tonight, see if i feel less zombie like tomorrow. nothing is worth the brain cloud and lack of coordination.
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
anyways. i went to the dr today bc my asthma is lit out of control and my dr agreed abt that plus he gave me advair :c it tastes bad
rt username username humira injection psoriasis,gone2 board&amp;funding!chief pharmacist reject cause derm doc not tried accetrine!c…
mt username  hashtag drhobbylobby, can’t get nuvaring. i’m considering wedging a small, seasonal wreath in my hoo-ha. thoughts? username
symbicort commercial got cute walfs in it
after taking olanzapine i wake up and feel like i am in a straight jacket because my muscles feel stiff
username call dat butterly named lunesta
i can never breath on my own without my inhaler advair weary face
username i got the joint pain from remicade, humira made it worse gave me neuropathy in my feet my hair falling out like crazy
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
oh wait.... you had to get free suboxone to get off the china??? you rat
lowkey high af in class off these oxycodone
off home... that'll teach me to miss a venlafaxine dose. thanks nhs for your cost cutting exercise.
hahaha this commercial for victoza medicine was 5 seconds on the good, and literally the rest on it's side affect
this metformin is giving me the worst period cramps in my whole life! crying face flushed face  hashtag metformin hashtag period hashtag pcos hashtag cramps
alternatives to hrt - clonidine, venlafaxine, gabapentin, oxybutynin hashtag mimswhconf
why must lunesta make my mouth taste all bitter eww
seroquel is causing more gaps in memory, i don't remember going to therapy and as usual no one has stepped up to claim thos memories &gt;&gt;
that point on the front of you head never got it saved my eyes with boric acid buffered eye wash &amp;cipro ear drops also buffered with boric a
the oxycodone finally hitting me. literally didn't work for the first 3 days..but now i feel it. really makes u light headed
username so mom is now on xarelto and brilinta to prevent clotting around her stents (good names for a pretty rad buddy cop movie)...
btw viagra is on patent until 2019, vyvanse until 2023, and oxycontin (reformulated) until 2025. by my calculations. hashtag psa hashtag misconceptions
if meridia crys i'll cry and i don't want to cry.
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
username i'm never tired at night unamused face ” adderall
username vyvanse works because it dissolves through the capsule and binds with an amino acid in your stomach. any effects you feel..
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
username yes, humira didn't work for me and i lost a ton of hair on it :( i've been on remicade since surgery in 2011..been in remission
trazodone is fun because you get high, slowly fade into sleep, then wake up drunk as hell.
1:17 pm wsyx showed the xarelto ad with the retired couple who travel with their dog. they treat him with proper loving care attention.
username your vyvanse... dude hold up don't move them i wanna take a picture and set it as my background
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
im gonna need some adderall or some shit if im gonna clean my fucking room
username does rivaroxaban decrease risk of ischemic cardiac events vs. warfarin in non-valvular afib?.... nope
username username not to worry - just a bit of temporary fuzziness. i've been on humira since 2007 love it.
username the psychiatrist put me on effexor. yuck. even though i pretty much lied about having panic attacks and that anxiety was a --
username vioxx was rushed through by the fda, too - and killed my husband. testing results were distorted, hidden. fda was complicit.
username people used to take acid to make the world weird. now the world is weird and people take prozac to make it normal.
no wonder they tell you to take levaquin with plenty of water.....don't mind me, just riding out the waves of intense nausea here
okay, i'm just going to ask it. what the hell is up with the background music in those crestor commercial. it's like bad electronica.
rt username restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
username yeah dude, my advair helps so much.
i'm not that type of guy who carry man-purse, but i know beza antara man-purse dgn toiletries bag.
diet drug meridia may cause heart attack and stroke last friday, the diet drug meridia was pulled ,,,
tamiflu revealed to kill ebola within seconds.
i hate cipro! hashtag antibiotic hashtag nauseous hashtag cf hashtag hospitallife hashtag cysticfibrosis
username i did dexilant until the insurance wouldn't cover it until i try 4 other meds that does nothing 4 me. insurance sucks these days.
fsc laboratories acquires exclusive marketing rights for aciphex sprinkle in the u.s.
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
just got prescribed to oxycodone and i can't feel a damn thing
when the oxycodone kicks in smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes i see why there addicting now tbh. flushed face
username username glad it was fun for you. i need a xanax and some seroquel
username username i find 30mg of temazepam twice daily and counting to ten in my head keeps most of the transformations at bay.
i feel like the nuvaring is making me super bitchy
(1 temazepam makes me not sleepy but also makes me put the milk away in the freezer. trying 2 to see if it actually makes me sleep...)
username username username i took victoza and the sick feeling does ease and stop. i found taking in evening helped.
theres a place in hell reserved for the creator of metformin tablets! hashtag pcosproblems
if you want to sleep for 15+ hours, take seroquel. fuck i just woke up and it's 4
username i'm in so much pain now... tendonitis, headaches, cognitive issues... i feel violated. hashtag cipro
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
username username username username username username had cefotaxime or diclofenac for a while face screaming in fear
may be put on a higher dose of fluoxetine aswell.. hmmh..
cialis is like adderall for your penis - username
username this nebulizer makes me so aggy unamused face , i got this inhaler my mom bring me called symbicort work wonders ask your doctor, sip lean 2.
side note: fluticasone this a.m. already back to bloody mucus raising hands . s/o to nasonex hashtag ineedanallergist
never let anyone trick you into taking any form of buprenorphine unless you are suffering from opiate addiction. t is really hard to get off
just took a seroquel lets what good wit these bars
heard of a number of patients receiving the wrong device when rxed budesonide/formoterol - given spiromax rather than symbicort turbohaler
company going through painful period as advair slides
username humira is the only treatment thats been effective in bringing about and maintaining remission. didn't respond to infliximab!
damn my doctor didn't refill my synthroid prescription ur slippin up pal
username remicade was my last treatment before humira and i really loved it. then i started having a reaction from it multiple times
username and the effexor helps him..?
suboxone is a cock block
aciphex is product pronounced ass-effects whose possible side-effects include gas, infection constipation. that cracks me up
(a)mantadine is effective only against influenza a, oseltamivir zanamivir against both a and b but should be given within 48 hours. hashtag usmle
i can't even fucking restrict anymore. i just eat, and eat. maybe it's bc of the zyprexa. the other med should help with that, but idk.
username i was on that before i started enbrel methotrexate. it didn't really help my arthritis but hopefully it helps you out
username username my daughter reckoned she had it, i think it was the tamiflu tabs that made her ill, really bad for 2wks
hashtag acpontario hramiak. linagliptin not renally excreted.
username well done!! i feel positive too as ive been off fluoxetine for over 6 mths!
holy shit trazodone hashtag seeyatmw
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
fda approves use of afluria registered influenza vaccine with pharmajet’s needle-free injector afluria should be given to a pregnant woman only if...
username so that would explain the bronchitis.... it may not be an allergy, but the effects of using advair over a long period of time
i think advair makes my skin dry
my dad has been on namenda for four days. funny i forgot what that drug is for.
username i hate to hear that. taking seroquel is like swallowing a sleeping pill when u wake up then trying to function normally
username did you mention pregabalin to me recently, lily? was it one of the meds with lousy side effects? i hope doing ok, love x
username i don't understand why he would use it to treat asthma..... ventolin inhalers are alot more common in north america.
username username username i take advair to help with breathing , i think it causes hiatic hernia to kick in . i eat too spicy
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
username thanks for telling my dr i should be taking crestor not the meds he prescribed username hashtag yournotmydoctor username username username
username watch your eyesight with lamictal- i went from awesome vision, to wearing glasses full time for the 2 yrs i was on it.
this nuvaring gives me the worst cramps all month long sad but relieved face
i hate how vyvanse makes me over think everything and it makes me angry about things that i shouldn't even be angry about
username not that i ever noticed. i was taking it with venlafaxine, and it definitely made me drowsy
after having an allergic reaction to remicade developing antibodies to humira i now have had a reaction to the flu pneumonia vaccines.
right, back to bed to try and sleep again. will no doubt be another day of napping. hate changing gabapentin dose, always screws me up.
a slimming coffee that could give serious side effects because it contains the active sibutramine substance username
username username levofloxacin seems to be our worst offender for inr elevation
username i used my kid's nebulizer with albuterol once. ho-lee crap. i was vibrating for like an hour.
bruce hulse represents the pinnacle of male modeling...weird to see him in xarelto drug ads these days. hyperlink
username i took a vyvanse and drank a 12oz redbull this morning. my heart was hurting a lil bit haha
username the tecfidera leaves my skin looking 'just burned' but no tan :/ username username
username but hashtag humira has the after-sting, which is worse! yuck. reminds me, i need to go take my shot :) hashtag rheum
i need some cymbalta
addicted to nicotine badly.
username username well amitiza is $scmp.. could be partnered with jap company.. not sure who partner is..
sorafenat 200 mg generic nexavar chemo drugs mfd by natco pharma india, contact at: +91-9873336444 for hansome price from oddway pharma.
hashtag phoenix police said brisbon was carryin a vial of oxycodone pills, a semi-auto handgun jar believed to be marijuana were found in the suv
bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
hey, it's 'murphy' in that nexium commercial. hashtag znation
wondering if tamiflu could make one not sleep. me and mom cannot sleep.
username the doctors themselves have limited knowledge. they used to think the drug thalidomide was safe to use in the treatment &gt;
username neurontin was a few weeks of omg i feel better i do all the things then why the fuck you stop helping?!?
do you think ms or tysabri effects teeth. the enamel or you get more toothaches ?
this cipro is some surrrrrrious shit.
1 week into metformin and the heartburn lower back pain are going to drive me mad. no digestive issues though, so i guess that's something
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
i am going to go hunting for my diclofenac - partially because once i thought of it the aflac (sp?) duck voice got stuck in my head.
update: she's pissed because they threw away her daughter's prescription meds aka her nuvaring
username username i was on metoprolol but stopped it cos made fatigue even worse. am learning to just live with it
fettucini vineyards entangles grimy albuterol flavors and a hedonistic millet aftertaste in their 1998 sauvignon blanc. hashtag mtvstars
in af apixaban has recently been approved for patients on hemodialysis.
username if hashtag avelox has hurt your liver, avoid tylenol always, as it further damages liver, eat grapefruit unless taking cardiac drugs
4.if have higher risk of gi bleeding, apixaban would be the 1st choice, dabigatran, rivaroxaban are both the second
nicotine withdrawals. hashtag needasmoke
username consider nuvaring or orthomicronor (the mini pill) bc they both cause less weight gain!
username username i tried humira didn't work for my crohn's, infliximab has been a god send, also helps my ankylosing spondylitis
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac username hashtag explainsalot
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana
all hail loperamide folded hands
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
username ...i even had to get the gabapentin from hashtag hepatological consultant cos i wont visit own gp as she wastes appt time avec waffle
idk if i'm shaking because i took adderall or if it's because i drank 2 red bulls within 20 minutes earlier
.@nihclinicalcntr excited about phase iii sorafenib/ nexavar trial for desmoid tumors. thank you to dr. shivaani kummar 4 her work on this!
username the thalidomyde extremities
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
username username seriously! i take my nexium like clockwork mane! cant slip up
goddammit. ins is insisting i use mailorder for humira. gonna try to get out of that if at all possible. i hate caremark plus ups is an ass.
username no....i've been harassing methadone buprenorphine dispensing pharmacies all morning
username awww. you didn't suffer taking the sugar free ventolin that stuff taste like bittermelon.
update: potential new treatment for alcoholism: ezogabine melanie haiken, contributor panacea hyperlink
username username username i feel that neurontin might help, plus celebrex, cadian?, and serequel? hyperlink
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
username sorry u lost ur loved one to medication related anaphylaxis. my mother was vioxx casualty. went from looking vibrant to grave:(
adderall puts me in a good mood, vyvanse makes me an asshole.
username symbicort my dude. damn near cured my asthma. #4yearsstrong
username i was on both, effexor 1st, it stopped working 4 me changed to pristiq that worked better. finding the right dosage is key
username i still smoke cigs, kicked heroin, dilaudid, suboxone you name it but not cigs, i love my smokes. i miss my xanax i'm so wired
username *hugs* how’s the enbrel going?
bad time to be out of nexium red heart fire
username saphris hope it continues to work.
username what is the difference between citalopram and fluoxetine?
my battle continues with olanzapine weight gain with a bowl of porridge and a 9am bootcamp hashtag iwillwin
rt username unfollowers hurt, cymbalta can help
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
i remember i took 80 mg of geodon on accident and slept for like 36 hours
synthroid the charleston prime rib rare glorious laden bought a shell in mississippi. whatever kids are date kim kardashian
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
sick of feeling tired. fed up of meds not working. loads to do today no freaking motivation or energy hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day9
username oh, it sucks, but try doing snri withdrawal. they had to put me on a whole other drug just to get me off effexor. :(
use advair for asthma. side effects include nihedeidneeideneidheidehsiwhswisheisheisheix and worsening asthma symptoms...lol what
anti-xa assay is test of choice for rivaroxaban evaluation. hashtag asra14
so annoyed at myself. turns out i was supposed to mix the miralax in 64oz of liquid...not a gallon. i might for real die from a gatorade od.
username in study carried out during epidemic,1% taking tamiflu developed flu after contact,compared with 5% of those taking placebo.
it's really sad that i can't get up without 8000 things cracking.i need some boniva or something. hashtag lifewithan80yearoldbody hashtag teamnocartilage
chairman hughes tells exelon attorney that pumc was granted party status in the acquisition.
so i took 2 vyvanse this morning..i think i'm about to have a heart attack broken heart broken heart broken heart broken heart crying face
username yeah i've been on one or two. pristiq worked well for awhile until it stopped :/
if you don’t have a reaction to eliquis or xarelto, they’re easier to live with (no inr testing, no dietary restrictions) than warfarin
we have a great responsibility when we operate these plants. -bill noll of exelon on lessons learned and improvements from tmi hashtag uswin2014
i need to progress onto oxazepam.apparently it's more sedating. seroquel is sedating, but you can hardly open or close your mouth.
have taken the trazodone dose back down. simply cannot put up with feeling tired all day!
i was the first sperm to my mommy's egg. she ain't like it should've put a nuvaring on it lmfao face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username get diclofenac or have this done like wot i did! hyperlink
username i'm gonna bring him in 2:15 today. i won't take my next dose of diclofenac and i should be feeling fine. im much better now
vox drowning pool - dave williams antara vox nu metal feveret aku.
i have to drink this whole fucking thing theres a bottle of miralax in it hyperlink
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
no. it turns out one of the less advertised side effects of this casually prescribed viibryd is haunting dreams and demon visions.
oxycontin is a long acting oxycodone product that can cause constipation
username finally realized why murphy is such an asshole... that nice nexium family are all dead now his acid reflux is killing him
temazepam is my bestie right now hashtag goodnightworld sleeping face dizzy
challenged the health minister to ensure that welsh patients with wet amd can benefit from eylea as soon as possible.
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
effexor really should be illegal. i switched to pristiq to try to get off of it, now stopped pristiq, brain zaps back. fury.
i'm gonna make a list of drugs that give you mad crazy dreams. trazadone and metoprolol are at the top.
username i've been on humira going on 3 years now; was on enbrel previously - worked for a few yrs then lost some effectiveness hashtag rheum
i need help twitter. i was gradually coming off venlafaxine and now i'm completely off it i've been going though hell.
username my friends mother developed lymphoma from humira celebrex caused heart problems in a co worker.
januvia johnny carson aqua, excellent purr penis hexagon mickey mouse's underwear percent off sunburn
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
username yeah dexilant is what i was on. only helped for about 3 weeks to a month.
username username also possible leah is on suboxone or methadone. suboxone i know is outrageous..like $700 a month! w/o insurance
username i take trazodone for my hashtag insomina still have a hard time falling asleep or i end up having crazy dreams that wake me up!?! hashtag ozsleep
i wish my psych would stop fucking me and just put me on adder all vyvanse sucks dick
holy crap, that enbrel shot hurt so bad.. weary face loudly crying face
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
.@tootingrebecca at last, a good side effect. couldn't go back on seroquel due to diabetes risk.
rt username hashtag s1202 ph iii study now open at 38 sites, w more every day: duloxetine for ai-induced pain in hashtag breastcancer hashtag swogonc hyperlink
i can't feel much pain in my extremities in general because of the amount of gabapentin in my system, but it's not moving too well.
i can't take this:( i thought having seroquel would make it easier but nope. my whole body feels like i have raw nerve endings going crazy
the first question that this psych pt asked after waking up from a geodon induced nap was: does annie still work here?  that's me. flushed face  hashtag eek
the ramen shop the store priest fart swung lawyer hunts escape. spiriva know, friendster tennis to speak sitar snails nipsey is april
my ventolin inhaler never works
put half a tube of diclofenac on my back and i'm still in agony persevering face
antara benda basic ppl like to reply to certain tweets the accuracy me me as a parent dan diselangi dengan emoji menangis.
and it's that horrible time where it's too late to take lunesta or i'd sleep till 3 in the afternoon
grunenthal manufacturer of thalidomide also make tramadol with sales £millions in uk/nhs. yet they refuse to compensate those disabled in uk
i literally just dropped so many adderall beads all over myself and the bed and wanted to cry instantly
chateau smith mixes smoky albuterol elements and a well-hidden sage bouquet in their 2012 chenin blanc. hashtag porn
taz asks: anyone have to up their humira or enbrel injections? i'm on enbrel 50mg once a week,doc wants to bump it up to100mgs once a week.
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
since enbrel helped relive my joint pain , my hearings gone , i can't feel my legs ,have 3 eyes, an xtra kid ,but i can still play golf .
username username cover antara all of me sama when i was your man donggg gasss, pasti bagus dehhh... cover yaaa grinning face
username miss the advair hahaha
trading in my iud for the nuvaring thumbs up
and now it's time for the nexium commercial starring our own beloved murphy, aka username
trazodone hangover and dry eyes
username pain mess don't work i take 45mg oxycodone every 3 hours plus lots of neurontin and valium and ativan it all does nothing =(
does everyone remember the vioxx story? l monier demonstrating how vioxx link to heart attacks could've been found in data hashtag health2con
username yup i agree on that point. januvia aint getting 7% price increases. no comment on pkan.
so yes i am a 27 year old with shingles. ow. i wouldn't wish this pain upon anyone pensive face but enjoying my codeine throughly
deciding against taking adderall today because i think i want subway later.
kudos to exelon outstanding corporate counsel award recipient mary jo quinn, allstate insurance company
username c'mon pop another boniva and be a good sport!
effexor xr side effects : - sucidal thoughts - insomnia - feeling high unresponsible. -dry mouth.
username just started iv orencia in july after enbrel humira orencia sc didn't work. had to change to mtx sc. oral i can't absorb
username has your gp given you pregabalin or gabapentin?
hashtag tips. sodium alendronate belongs to the subgroup of nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates; it acts as a potent inhibitor of osteoclast.
uhh my gabapentin dose went up today and i don't even know what planet i'm on. i hope i adjust to this quickly ... hashtag endometriosis
username username good god, i just popped a precautionary crestor after seeing this tweet.
username children are thalidomide
coming off of cymbalta has been the most exhausting experience. and it isn't even over :(
username diclofenac 50? an i'm like i have 100 and it does nothing. they're just like oh ok.
popped a vyvanse i'm tweaking. whoop
50mg temazepam and 5 shots of anaesthetic did nothing. i was wide awake and felt everything.  yes, i am a boss.
i hate the actor on this eliquis commercial.
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
username we see many non-obese pts, with body weight as low as 35 kg,many of them not given metformin
a patient came in to pick up his namenda today and when i asked for his date of birth he said, i don't remember, that's why i take this face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
username celecoxib lang
does anyone have any experience of humira (self-injection) and/or infliximab (infusions)? is either one better than other? hashtag crohns hashtag crohnies
username bro you're nexium lead not co lead smirking face
looks like i have the flu too. ach! tamiflu to the rescue!
my nuvaring fell out in the middle of class today :(
username ya she's drinking everyday while taking suboxone for her opiate addiction. the baby is going to be born have to withdraw
wow that's the 4th cough lozenge i've had today. i hate life
username i haven’t changed any meds, been on the tramadol pregabalin for 8 months now. it’s odd! i look like i’ve been in a fight
username don't take viibryd i used to and it makes you really out of it :x
username the first 2 weeks on enbrel i was ravenous, ate everything in sight. 6 months on, but not anymore. i am also type 1 diabetic
username stopping effexor is probably good but not suddenly! xxx
does trazodone actually make people feel like high omfg it makes me sleepy
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
young nigga just gave me a 70mg vyvanse, these things can twerk me out thank goodness for my script of xanax
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username samezies :( it's the lamictal i'm flat as a kate hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hashtag tysabri for hashtag msandlife and heat-related.
username username 75mg a day of venlafaxine mu'fuckas
oxycodone i could really use some
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
pradaxa the drug that makes you bleed like you're an extra in a cronenberg movie.
taking a little trip thanks hashtag trazodone
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
for anxiety to penetrate through my drowsy haze (a result of the triumvirate of fluoxetine, pregabalin, amoxicillin?) is pretty good going.
username username stupid stupid stupid, listen to the goddam cops, don't fight, don't reach into pocket for the bottle of oxycodone
username cipro destroyed my entire body, from head to toe. bedridden since 2009. be very careful.
if i had another cat, i'd name him lozenge.
i'm not gonna be able to survive work today without my vyvanse. especially since i've gotten maybe 4 hours of sleep the past two nights.. expressionless face
hudis: vast info on drugs happens after approval feedback is voluntary. vioxx example. missed opportunities. hashtag fdambcwebcast
username username username yea bout miralax
username hi! i recently switched from powder enbrel to pre-filled syringes. they are far more painful to use, do you know why?
username steroids and aero and ventolin i hope
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
of temazepam collections of yore.
i can't wait to get my dexilant refilled. fuck acid reflux!
… the combination of ghb, alcohol, and adderall could have caused my heart to burst. that bitch boy could have killed me.
username 'non hormonal treatment' for hot flashes not new; 10mg/paxil(gsk), an ssri now called 'brisdelle'. ssri withdrawal syndrome alert!
day 2 of viibryd and am having trouble sleeping. in fact wide awake. i hope this side-effect goes away. still depressed of course.
are these thoughts my own.... this is your brain on shafer suboxone twitter fueled freakout
username i just quit a 4 year suboxone addiction. your story and your music really helped me out. thank you
...or until they're yanked off the market for killing too many people, such as vioxx or ambien hyperlink
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
username yeah levothyroxine worked for me in the past so should prob just stick to tried and true. just a little bummed/annoyed
ugh health insurance is such bullshit. apparently my new health insurance won't cover my allergy medicine or my advair
rt username the onion strikes again. this tastes way less ciprofloxacin-y than the mcchicken did a year ago,” hingle stated... htt…
username i'm due to start victoza for diabetes and am worried any advice u can offer me
username how's the tysabri going. i'm up to 2yrs now and it's still working and i'm jc virus negative too. it's good stuff
username ...quetiapine i drift off right away! i never worry about not waking up, i've been high most of the past 2 years and it's..
hashtag fda reviewer: hashtag xarelto does not address unmet medical need; use w/plavix will be an alternative not shown better than brillinta, effient
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
why is it that we can sue over viagra and vioxx but not vaccine damage? username username username username username
username she needs to be on synthroid or something oh goodness she's gonna mess up her body ;____;
i need a throat lozenge. pill
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username lmaoooo at the suboxone ad!!
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
username i'm getting you help. or prozac.
username i used to, i went on fluoxetine (antidepressants) for a bit but my mum was worried they would make me suicidal so i had to stop
username i am horrified and cry laughing and now i need ventolin
username yea the humira should definitely help, that or remicade! just let her know the shot itself doesn't hurt but the fluid burns
even with a bioavailability close to 1, a dose of iv levofloxacin seems much stronger to a patient than a silly old pill. but it's not.
rt username since quetiapine's messed with my prolactin levels, making my boobs humungous my bras so expensive, i want a lingerie…
finally got my vyvanse today, now i can go back to hating food . ha
nicotine is literally poison. but sometimes you gotta find out the hard way. hashtag headache
rand/ucla method for gout guideline dev. didn't take cost into consideration. so allo and febuxostat equal 1st line - controversial hashtag acr14
pop a ciprofloxacin i'm sweating woo!
fluoxetine is foxy-time
doctor bumped my pristiq to 100mg this shall be interesting. hopefully the good kind of interesting.
theres 3 open bottles of januvia 100 and its really bothering me.....
but still dr. maria jasinskas was right would have been if not for pharmacy; she said, you know sometimes vyvanse can make you depressed
suboxone so clutch, but that orange after taste instant death
username i will now take my leave to scrub the ventolin off my face lolololol...ily :-d!!!!
hashtag blainecommodereport shitting back almost to normal after a dose of miralax 24 hours ago. dumps more frequent.
username manufacturer of the medication avandia to look the other way lift all the restrictions on the medication and watch people die.
so by the end of next week i will be 100% nicotine free. smoking is dumb habit!
username thanks for the podcast on fq's...12 cipro pills decimated my life in oct of '09. i'm in michigan here too (lansing area).
finally i can be the cartoon wolf of my dreams, thanks symbicort
username rosiglitazone = *potential* win for the theory. big failures = aspirin nsaids, tnf inhibitors (eg, infliximab), etc.
last question : sitagliptin used for ...........
username i've been on enbrel, remicade and i’m currently on humira along with methotrexate,
heptotoxicity and weight gain is prime toxic effect of which antidiabetics? the glitazones; pioglitazone, rosiglitazone hashtag usmlestep1
okay, this metoprolol is not a game. aside from the occasional chest pain when i breathe, i'm fine. smiling face
i hate to be all anecdotal evidence-y but i was assured taking enbrel wouldn't make me get sick more. i got a cold 1 day after my 2nd dose.
i would like to thank erin and beck for not only putting miralax in my coffee and watch me drink it but for also locking me out of my house
rt username kim d is always in desperate need of a throat lozenge hashtag rhonj
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
username username username username username username i have recently started gabapentin but suggest pain clinic isbest
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hashtag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hashtag suicidal ..only just
ch: if us was all on ehr when vioxx launched, time to identify adverse events would have been 6 wks, not 60 mos. data sharing! hashtag cimcon14
get my implanon removed, switch to the nuvaring and discover that it's probably going to kill me. i'm getting sick of messing w my hormones
username username username event antara lu sm momon?
advair is disgusting. in case you were wondering. it gobs up in my throat and i gag like the cat trying to hack up a hairball.
ew i can taste fluticasone in my throat
username it'll be interesting to see how the miralax and pepto work together. will they balance out or will one amplify the other?
mixing miralax into prune juice, so that's how i'm livin these days
can't find my fluticasone propionate
in the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. now, the world is weird and people take prozac to make it normal.
yo i got some free trazadone, bout to be sleeping good tonight, helll yeahh
rt username my philly dr prescribed me trazodone,1pill made me so fkn sick, couldnt move 2day.xtreme migraine, puke, shakes. any1else …
i took a depakote, zyprexa, tramadol, flexeril, naproxen, a gram, 6 blunts..... and almost died.. i turned green
hashtag stoneeng best thing of organization is to be flovent and macke sence
venlafaxine hangover finally starting to shift after 2 huge mugs of hot water with giant pieces of lemon...
$regn: regeneron pharms beats by $0.54, beats on revs; raises eylea us net sales forecast. long $regn boom!
oh levaquin, you are a harsh mistress. hashtag fuckmrsa no offense, mrs. a.
username just took my geodon and i'll be lucky if i'm asleep in 5 hours.
wait before mu seroquel kicks in wtf is the plural of areola hashtag urgent
username it's helped reduce hypo/hypers but food wise, unsure (i am on victoza but since lowering rate it has kicked in again) !
humira why you burn my veins
concept i'd whistle a lot. orchid faint. for corns machine. you win: boiling aranesp han john mccain britt robertson cdm fart
whoever did the ad for the country house really should've tried harder to not make it look like another one of blythe danner's prolia ads.
great examples on how systematic reviews have changed policy - tamiflu is just one. ekwaro obuku hashtag aen2014
i don't even like adderall but username cracks me up face with tears of joy
username username love restoril (temazepam) mild benzo.. i have the 30'z too.. good for sleep!
hey, how's it feel to be in the middle of all this controversy username
restless leg syndrome is bad tonight. damn you fluoxetine.
username username i have no idea what loritidine is - but advair and albuterol make my heart rate soar and hands all jittery - it sucks
username day's gorgeous but life is gonna get tragic unless we get hold of some lacosamide within the next 12 hrs hashtag aed hashtag panic hashtag epilepsy
username i stopped taking 40mg fluoxetine (without gp's say so) by forgetting to take it over 4 weeks ago now - feel surprisely ok
mixed some miralax in so i don't bloat up from the wheat. can't look fat tomorrow!
username huh? i just get chronic bronchitis due to bad asthma and allergies and non advair compliance
humira and xelijanz are used for which condition? hashtag medicine hashtag health a. rheumatoid arthritis b. vericose veins c. infections d. learn at...
username mine's prescription so it's this weird complicated name fluticasone propionate lol
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.” username
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hashtag suffering hashtag reality
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
questionable x-ray result. nothing a little levaquin won't help. oh yeah and the cough meds with codeine.
bortezomib is the new backbone drug in al amyloidosis hashtag ash14 excellent news username
username then all the imodium ad ! definitely not good for the body feel shitty !!
and sutter east bay medical group now claims i owe 1200 and that tysabri will cost me $500+ month- after saying it would be free.
pt on suboxone has oxy script, why are you on suboxone? cause i fucking have a problem! bingo, as i feed oxy script to shredder
username sounds like he needs a lozenge. feel better soon hashtag qt
could not continue to take meantime . i asked toshikazu to write document of denosumab i
oooh. lightheaded today. switching meds, it's been a few days without pristiq (the one i'm going off of) - withdrawals are fun.
i'm having brain zaps and stomach cramps from stopping meds oxycontin is an evil drug even in moderation and effexor hurts my brain ugh!
asthma doesn't act up but i take symbicort
username did you know an estimated 500+ people have died from taking pradaxa without a needed blood tests? pradaxa increases hashtag death.
i need some ambien or geodon to knock my ass out. fr fr. hashtag teamnosleep hashtag insomnia
who got dey nuvaring knocked outta place las night
username i have no evidence to back up that bold assertion other than the sudden proliferation of uloric commercials
username ms boniva says hi hashtag shadyboots
username means antara you're gonna be sleeping when the sun comes up or you're not gonna sleep at all.can't sleep.
you don't know insomnia until you take 2 seroquel and work out at 3am.
username i was on tysabri for 50 months. i'm in the process of going to tecfedera. it is similar, i needed to get off because of veins
username for you 2 say you want nb to be leader in shale gas(hansard) is like someone in '50s saying nb shld be leader in thalidomide
the difference between 'just tired' and 'tired in a fog' is amazing. so happy to be done taking levaquin, that stuff is way too strong
i like taking saphris because it's taken the way i used to take ecstasy (under the tongue).
username username aku antara hate and love sama english ugh
i think i took my metformin twice. if i go into a diabetic come, someone pour syrup down my throat.
fuck yes, give me vioxx hyperlink
thinking with this bit of blood it'd be a good idea to take some extra antibiotics to italy except i only have cipro here it's 36oc there!
pt on xarelto x 2 weeks. platelet count steadily rising, then spiking from 200 to 450 to 650. anemic, too.
this episode brought to you be nexium and ascension.
any kind of gamma-aminobutyric acid agonist could, theoretically, get me faded
am i the only one that grinds the shit out of their teeth on vyvanse? hashtag cantbetheonlyone hashtag icouldstudyforfinalsidonthave
jose rodrigues vineyards coalesces some ass-spankin' tasy bubble gum midtones and a lucid albuterol finish in their 2009 white pinot. hashtag wats
been dealing with some not so lovely side effects from the metformin lately. the constant lingering threat of digestive upset is not fun.
username try this for a new brilinta slogan: only 17% of prescriptions you write will put you in paperwork hell!!
his father in law worked for pfizer... then he became a tailor in jaipur.. he told him sildenafil sitrate... got slapped. hashtag jokes
username not getting any better here so dragging myself to gp. i'd rather be mad than comatose! hope ur doing ok hashtag quetiapine
my mom comes downstairs and says meridia were is all the cookies lol i tole her we ate like 5 each a day
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
he prescribed me 10mg of fluoxetine which helps curb appetite and causes weight loss.
but my hands are shaking from the overdose of ventolin
bedtime. hopefully the headache and nausea from the levaquin will be gone leaving me with only the more common side effects of antibiotics.
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hashtag sewing
username don't know what i'll do if i can't get me some nexium
the choices the dr would give me: 6mp, humira or remicade which is a more severe immunosuppressant, or surgery to have my intestine removed.
username ventolin does nothing at all for me - taking other stuff username
username remicade didn't work for me. humira is working (thankfully) so i have to say humira is better :)
my stats in medicine prof. on vioxx scandal; look at incident rates instead of cumulative risk, could have seen it coming.
plus: enbrel totally helps with the fatigue. con: enbrel does f*ck all for pain.
in case u missed it, here's the recent suboxone campaign we worked on with username ogilvy healthcare. hyperlink
she lost the plot differently though... i looked into her eyes at brixton academy and all i could think was temazepam
username i essentially felt nothing on them. great for anxiety, bad for living. coming off klonopin and paxil was hell though.
got excited when i was introduced to reductil but got really disappointed to know that its already phase out! haha
username i have even more sympathy, having spent 4 months on tramadol and gabapentin cocktail last autumn for sciatic nerve damage!
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
new medicine is not as strong. it's missing the continuous rescue inhaler that symbicort had but still had the steroids. we'll see...
username on lamictal, chemist giving me there own brand med lamotrigine when lamictal not available..side effect problems..raging !
world series show starring george washington mount rushmore diovan see teargas is summerfrost. ok you tabby herve villechaize
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
combining the smoking cessation medication varenicline with nicotine replacement therapy was more effective than varenicline alone at...
username veteran in the game. i smashed imodium this mornig cuz it was still bad. haha!
username i tried giving ventolin to my patients before, pero they never had that jittery feeling... hmmmm~~?
whenever i have to take my advair in public people stare at me in horror like i'm snorting coke or something. hashtag asthmaprobs
think it's time to try cymbalta again. see if that helps me any
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
havent been able to take my neurontin because that combined with all my other meds makes me to tired hashtag ridiculous
username i would be interested to help you in any way i can. are u affiliated with the thalidomide society or entirely separate (2/2)
rt username hashtag apixaban / hashtag eliquis reduced major bleeding from 1.8% to 0.6% vs hashtag warfarin in acute venous thromboembolism patients htt…
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
imodium just wore off
metformin got my stomach hurting like shit.
username thought of another one for the opposing team in your mudfight....nikola bonova
nexium is everything folded hands
you prescribe me advair and it 1) didn't relieve my symptoms and 2) gave me hallucinations. i hope you end up broke under a bridge.
username i take advair (inhaler) monteleukast (antihistamine) mine is well-controlled.
i desperately need my pain medicine for my kidneys another trazodone to make me sleep but i can't sleep in tomorrow. fuck.
hashtag mewe2013 johnson: for venlafaxine correlation between diversity and function.
does cipro make anyone's else's brain turn to mush or am i actually just going crazy?
rt username hashtag fda approves noven's brisdelle (paroxetine) for hot flashes associated with menopause
trying to do a french manicure after several puffs of ventolin is proving challenging to say the least hashtag shakyhands :-\
i have been on enbrel for 2 months and experiencing shortness of breath and lung congestion. anyone else experiencing this?
according to fda, hundreds of reports of acute and chronic pancreatitis were attributed to januvia byetta. 1.888.520.5202. habla espanol
username ha ha! had two years of fighting to get treatment that did anything to touch the inflammation now on celebrex, humira mtx :-)
social network eatery how euphoria lancia how how lots of freckles januvia shrimp milkshake how crouch grope pertain consolidate
shoot out to this oxycodone for making me high af.
sitagliptin pretreatment in diabetes patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome resultsfromtheacute.../cardiovasc diabetol.2013;12(53)
username username pristiq somehow doesn't make me less horny, but when i gain weight it's only in gut so i can't do that
username username username what the fuck is a thalidomide
username wtf loperamide
so i ran out of victoza before payday restarted it yesterday. bleh: nausea. it did help me lose username 10 lbs. but i found 3 when i ran out.
hashtag uksf13 dabigatran and rivaroxaban higher gi bleeds than warfarin. apixaban prob fewer gi bleeds than other noses
i have enough fluoxetine in my bedroom to last me a fucking lifetime lol
rivaroxaban for thromboprophylaxis in acutely ill medical patients hashtag pharmsohard hyperlink
username only 3 re-fils on your albuterol rx is tough boy
trazodone has screwed up my sleep schedule. its helping tho.
username i'm suboxone certified &lt;-- by whom? username username username username username
latuda has to be the worse name choice for a prescription drug
advair inhalers are never used that way, they are used as a daily once or twice a day preventative  hashtag rhony hashtag faker hashtag wwhl
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
just woke up. since i started on the higher dose of quetiapine i'm sleeping even more i feel knackered when i wake.
too bad amazon doesn't sell adderall that would be tight
two antidepressants - mirtazapine and fluoxetine - have been linked to a significantly increased risk for clostridium difficile infection..
gabapentin + ativan = drunk... chilling at home watching t.v lazy day sukkas!
username i would like to know what everyone else's experience are of baclofen and clonazepam. do they get dry nose / throat?
well sept 4th ill be starting a new medicen called tysabri .they took it off the market cause people had died.they brung it back and its for
username username tums ain't gonna cut it for what i got planned. i started taking nexium today.
yes finally a question on trazodone.
told va last year, crestor worked for me, did not cause muscle pain; on my 3rd cholesterol med trial, all cause muscle pain. hashtag govthealthcare
i have some seriously disturbing dreams. thanks hashtag fluoxetine thanks a freaking lot. well i guess it's better than being hashtag suicidal ..only just
username username no. plus you must eat with them. i took diclofenac on empty stomach once. never again.
rt username chmp recommends hashtag lemtrada for ms. high potency but risk of autoimmune reaction, so will be used after tysabri. forecast …
thank god i was born with so much hair; i wouldn't been bald by now. hashtag crohnsproblems hashtag teamibd hashtag hairloss hashtag humira hashtag chronic hashtag illness hashtag gratitude
username and i am not referring to cf inhaled drugs. i am talking oxy, ambian, xanex, prozac, lorazapam, plus the inhalers and biaxin so.
username going by the strikers wenger's previously had, i'll never see giroud as a problem, you need a problem crestor up front
username you’ve finished with your med pass already? pappy’s got game! throwing geodon like rip taylor threw confetti?
username uveitis. i lost my left eye last year, infliximab protects against uveitis better than enbrel so i was lucky to be switched.
i got to go draw some blood i already did it like a week ago for the suboxone now its for medical now
hashtag medschat viibryd - hey, gayle. that stuff sounds awful. especially the memory things, or at least that's what w...
if you're really a junkie then go get fucking suboxone or subutex
i shouldn't tweet on vyvanse it's going to be extremely negative lol
username username in my case, i had a negative reaction to remicade humira was the substitute. the pills are just second nature *shrug*
username i'm on enbrel (1 year) but my as is getting worse and my psa is 10 x worse than 6 months ago. eekk! im only 34, diagnosed 1 yr
username yes on remicade before humira
username more like it's 5:37a.m. i have class at 10:20 a.m. this lunesta ain't doing shit loudly crying face loudly crying face
username thanks am so chuffed, got so big on olanzapine, been working hard for it x
username username i would not recommend toying around with cipro if you don't have to. did you know it can cripple you for life?
brilinta (ticagrelor) will compete with plavix (clopidogrel) and effient (prasugrel)...for acute coronary syndrome or after a stent.
username got that nitroglycerin and metoprolol for the low, low...
username fuck. but citalopram and quetiapine have brilliant results, unfortunately not with me :/
username i've had too much quetiapine today - i'm zombified.
sally field looks so good i'm going to buy boniva hashtag oscar2014 hashtag oscars hashtag oscarawards hashtag sallyfield
username morphine makes me mean!!!! and i'm on neurontin too i feel like a drugged up person lol
does anyone know if you can get high from putting an advair inhaler in your butthole? (this is for a friend.)
bonus points if anyone can explain the flu to me. please. and why after i took all the tamiflu i still want to jump in a hole.
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
pah. meh-ness + pregabalin drowsiness dizziness is making me sloth-like. i've not been able to read a book for weeks. not a good sign.
username nearly done now then! hope you do manage to sleep well and don't have to take lunesta x
i think i've had more oxycodone in the past 7 days than your average codeine addict... yet it still doesn't numb the pain.
username i never had bleeding or vomiting just alot alot of fatigue and face was pale and lost tons of weight.. hashtag crohns hashtag humira
bizarre that the hpra would make rabeprazole otc but not all the other almost identical ppis. they all cost pennies otc in spain.
hashtag japan's takeda sues ranbaxy for breach of uloric patent in u.s: cis.
username quite a lot left over from back problems. gabapentin are pretty trippy too fearful face face with tears of joy dont really need em anymore. good for emergencies
which medication would you avoid in the elderly? metformin, glyburide, exanatide or sitagliptin
i've been sleeping most of my day away thanks to my humira shot. some days i feel like just giving up. hashtag sick&amp;tired
im tweaking off adderall today and i feel like im dying
buprenorphine in the periop period: to stop or not to stop. that is the question. hashtag suboxone hashtag opioids hashtag painrds
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
username i get my headaches when my humira wears off. my dad is on remicade.
username since geodon is off-label for what i' have (and it was the first thing they gave me) i might look into malpractice idk
username just dropped my adderall my coffee fml
username it is. full of cold predictably enough, it's gone straight to my chest. good job i like ventolin jitters, can't see doc til mon
release of eliquis blood clot preventer story: (reuters) the blood clot preventer eliquis, sold by pfizer inc and bristol-myers squib...
username im not the only guy to wera makeup....yay, altho i have a feeling i put it on wrong xd
mickelboobs gots those better pizza, better ingredients, dead hooker belize papa john crazy eyes in that enbrel commercial
i was so excited to go see animals and hang with my friend and his son but i can't stop puking. fucking suboxone
it's sooooo hard not to just say screw it and take more vyvanse and stay up
username i started on byetta and then i was changed to victoza this is all so worrying
 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy rt username username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i listen to it
this is hugh up, miss meridia
cymbalta is a pain reliever used to treat osteoarthritis? i thought it was an antidepressant. i'm so confused. my whole life has been a lie.
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
biogen kept ms patients waiting 4 tecfidera to come out was so they could get a 10 year patent. am i alone in feeling pod about this?
2. which of the following cns stimulants is used in management of depression? a dexamfetamine b atomoxetine c none of the above hashtag rxchatng
username i don't take synthroid (still trying to work out my thyroid issues) but i've heard 30 mins.
time to let this seroquel take me into some weird dimension and see crazy shit in my dreams. i was getting shot at by gangstas last night
the financial ruin caused by non-medical treatment of  hashtag obesity... hashtag getcovered and ask about new meds like belviq hyperlink
?oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroidenergy
username no side effects for me. i had a bad allergic reaction to remicade years ago. humira has been my saving grace
ciprofloxacin 500mg tab xiv... s.2.d.d tab i p.c... what did p.c stand for? my perverted brain thought of 'post coitus' first hashtag scumbagbrain
been off synthroid and metformin for a week. i no longer have aches/pains in my shoulders or legs. stopping victoza, going on insulin only.
bonfire tonight. fuck yeah. i am down as a clown who needs his prozac
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
rt username current toc: use of denosumab in a patient with non-small-cell lung cancer and severe renal function impairmen... hyperlink
username i find that ben jerry's chocolate ice cream and a darvocet (if you can get one) is a winning combo. sorry for the awfulness!
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
just the nuvaring part! rt username .@amyfetherolf is threatening to read the sloane profile out loud to me.
username i know how to make temazepam martinis! they would be a great appetiser!
username i've tried lunesta and melatonin pills to sleep. idk what's wrong with me lol hashtag itsallgoodthough
username trazodone, maybe? that was the first antidepressant that i was ever prescribed, 6 years ago.
adderall had me tutoring my teacher.”
on my way to derriford hospital. having an allergic reaction to new drug. asenapine sucks.
username and hashtag peco -- what a pair. a tiny burst of a storm and power is out again. exelon must spend all our $ in corrupt illinois.
my e-cig is almost dead and i haven't had any nicotine in over 4 hours
username i just bought miralax oops
rt username 14.11 day 17 rivaroxaban diary. still waiting for doctor to phone me around lunchtime. taken more paracetamol to dull the ac…
username mine are okay. i just feel a little drunk sometimes. i use to get spinny but it's better. i have trileptal and vimpat
as are (probably) the nausea, headache, sweats, flu symptoms diarrhea. but it’s still better than being on it.  hashtag venlafaxine hashtag withdrawal
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
rt username username just bumped cole album again lowkey got depressed...”i take cymbalta every time i listen to it
username  username hashtag guns or hashtag fda approved hashtag drugs? elizabeth bush, age 13, ( hashtag paxil) was responsible for a school shooting
username lyrica gas spitting the criminal tactics.. lets face it i got connects like federal express..
one of the most common side effects with metformin is gi complaints – in most cases, start low and titrate up slowly
username have you had levaquin before? it's been my go to abx recently.
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
username yeah symbicort and singular are the maintenance. been battleing ashma since i was 7. but i am winning! training hard playing hockey!
tonight could be interesting. on my first pint but not supposed to drink on these meds - quetiapine and duloxetine. happy days!
depresion hurts... cymbalta can help.
enbrel is to help clear your skin. side effects, you ask? tuberculosis, cancers, heart failure, etc.... um, no thanks. person gesturing NO  hashtag tryagain
this higher dose of hashtag cymbalta is making me extremely tired and anxious. is this normal?
username /swiftly taken off that for vimpat. vimpat made seizures less well controlled but less side effects. on that i had speech/
hashtag allergy hashtag alert on the hashtag antibiotic hashtag clindamycin hashtag health hashtag canada warns that it contains hashtag quetispine hashtag fumarate aka hashtag seroquel talk to your hashtag md
delhi hc: merck - glenmark januvia patent case’s next hearing likely today
nexium country your knuckle pee-wee's treehouse i was at the familiar shrunk you order minty alert only tie him, turky rumba
rt@uberfacts bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
delgado winery combines run-of-the-mill albuterol midtones and a alcoholic millet finish in their 1995 pinot grigio. hashtag givingtuesday
username never tried remicade. did well on both humira enbrel until they wore-off. wish you remission! :) hashtag rheum
username username username must admit the lozenge bag might be handy in bed. in case i wake up with a slight cough.
(2 of 3) the man looks as though he is going to make it. but he was here to get a zostavax shot and i am extremely thankful we hadn't given
username i used to. i'm on humira now. i ended up developing a reaction to remicade.
obama farts tangerines in define stays spring dabba dabba advair diskus huntington's chorea enchanting drag cook indigestion mooncoin
username username my fucking god it s so cute. i want my ventolin lol
username so get the septrin, cipro and cephalosporins out (forget nitrofurantion) -hmmm i think not. nnt of 17, but what was the nnh?
why can't i sleep like a normal person. oh yeah because i suffer from insomnia and trazodone gives me headaches hashtag suffering hashtag reality
username you have a typo. it's pradaxa :-)
ps wolfe said he is the only public speaker at username mtg on spiriva today.
oxycodone is bae right meow lol
of their products. avandia has killed people and permanently injured other people like my husband where they can no longer work. the
username ironically, the pulmonologist i work with told me about his own devastating bout with 'tendonitis' after cipro
username the injectables do. was very sick with betaseron. baclofen is a pill and it just makes me drowsy like gabapentin for nerve pain
dtr- might be time for an exelon patch.mom-not me! it's b/c i'm hot and sweaty! what if you had to cut your grass everyday?! hashtag truestory
can anyone give me a vyvanse? i got you next week
bee thin, bee slim, black storm and super extreme accelerator recalled by fda for hidden sibutramine and sildenafil. hashtag fda hashtag besupplementsmart
username i will but the flow vent and advair helps so much they make you so shaky.
username username pristiq gave me sexual side effects but celexa's fine, and if i gain 40lbs it'll be all ass, i've been there lol
username not nearly as bad as the crestor superfan commercials.
username i loved fluoxetine (prozac) but it made me lose my temper of the slightest thing but that was the only downside.
also so glad they gave me percocets instead of t3s. oxycodone helps so much more than codeine. inb4 opiate withdrawels though.
username am on 300mg quetiapine. mainly tiredness it causes with me.
well played tysabri...kicking butt hashtag nosleep.
the year 2063. sally field, nearly immortal from her daily boniva intake, invites strangers to crack her over the head with planks stones.
username hmmm....i had a prescription for dexilant that stopped helping after about a month. maybe i'll ask about that...
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
ms anna nelson she so rapped in her ignorance no owners accounts not tech pro or effient at all. debt collect buisness 8hr+comm really!!!
damn, if that's what boniva does for a girl- sign me up hashtag oscars hashtag sallyfield
username aw thanks chum.can't braincell worthy enough bigup back,for u this morn. mixed gabapentin with clopheniramine hashtag vegetableresult
generics combo non-inferior to treatment with enbrel! read the whole story at generics and biologicals initiative gabi
celecoxib long term increase risk of stroke
review coffee espresso product - 40 pieces of 1-2 people for kalita coffee filter 101 rosiglitazone brown 10 pack set (japan import) ...
off to the doctors to talk over what's next, seeing as how pregabalin does nothing apart from make me dizzy confused face  hashtag rsdprobs
great interest in prescribing limits on buprenorphine - clearly an area for increased action on all levels of govt hashtag bchc
lunesta in hand: i'm a woman i reserve the right to change my mind
(adds analyst comment, details of aranesp recall, updates share price)
username is tecfidera similar to aubagio? i have been experiencing some pretty bad stomach problems myself???
can't be starting out with one of them days because i have to get my baclofen pump replaced today. it's 3yrs old. ;-)
fosamax side effects: femur fractures esophagus problems hardening of the jaw 1.888.520.5202. se habla espanol
username i am disabled-live in pain from levaquin-some get better some do not. may 8 rally in wash dc-plea rid of cipro avelox and lev
i need some damn cymbalta then i guess ..
it amazes me how fast and well metoprolol works.
do i look brave enough to refuse medication that has side effects i don't want? i have before. symbicort causes osteoporosis.
seem to be feeling a bit better. disturbed sleep is a problem though. hashtag venlafaxine hashtag day15
username i once had an allergic reaction to the anti-convulsant lamotrigine. i got a rash all over my body that looked like burns.
username switch to effexor - although i think there is a newer variant that is worth considering, not sure of the name
rt username whenever i see the ad for the drug humira, i imagine some white girl pronouncing username name like that.
username username word is mohammed and trayvon didn't make the short list, if it had been a girl, shatiquia boneva was bandied about
don't take 6 oxycodone in a day cuz you'll have a headache the day after lol!
can't wait til my adderall stops working so that my hands can stop shaking and my eye stops twitching
why does she take bc? why do you take lipitor, or prozac or cialis? dumb ass
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
username probably still poo juice, pregabalin is 'ditsy pills' and oramorph's 'cloud juice'
horny techno enbrel donkeys. you
username bloody zombie i also take venlafaxine thats for cronic depression bipolar is a difficult illness to deal with, both for the
username merydia soon to be otp
dr sent a new antibiotic for my upper respiratory infection. levofloxacin 500mg. hope this one helps. z-pack just couldn't cut it.
username i use miralax and milk of magnesium. i find it's easier on my body and i can lax more often with it.
ema rejects concerns about pancreatitis from januvia and similar hashtag diabetes drugs. positive for $mrk, $nvo, $lly, boehringer, $bms, $azn
fluoxitine rt username gambu username anyone know of a good antidepressant?
username no stomach probs for me, thank goodness. before this i was on viibryd my stomach was a mess!!
username i hear you nigel without weed id be taking gabapentin (poison)
7:54 pm nbc4 showed the spiriva elephant ad. he went for a ride in a convertible. then he went to a fair. he squeaked, i melted. i love him.
monique thinks the grapefruit i ate latuda made my depression worst, lol
why do i always get the seroquel munchies!?
username transfer in..synthroid 125. (generic for crestor) quantity remaining 0.  really? oh, and they were synthroid capsules
username real world eg - 70 yo warfarinised patient needs 10 path + 10 gp attendances a year. $140 cost to him or pradaxa at $1100 pa?
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
username to add some extra tension take one imodium and one laxative....
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
the medicine januvia is the worst blood sugar medicine ever! the side effects are ridiculous!
has anyone taken vimpat for pain?
lunesta really does work but they make my mouth taste like hot buttered ass in the mornings.
username i understand . it comes from my great gma in my family . try nexium it helps .
username omg seroquel. that made me crazy town. i hope it's a low dose. so it's almost midnight. last gulp now, and sober tomorrow.
username plus jenifer helped me with my sister jennifer who died maybe from lyrica you guys are the best :)
love the pharmaceutical talk today on username !! celebrex lyrica mention$ for username
username both, humira and remicade doesn't help, so i think an operation and a stoma or how do you call it in english?
not sure what to think re: use of etanercept as rad tx 4 aphasia. only research is by dr who patented its use. lots of qus after username
i'm a little worried. when i take oxycodone for pain, the high usually only lasts 20~30 minutes tops. its been 2 hours now.
(cont'd) my pdoc altered the dosage of username to 30mg. that's the only alteration. because i complained about the extreme fatigue. :-(
nicotine lozenges may be the grossest thing ever.
sedated before my medication fucking strange. then feel nothing after a dose of suboxone even stranger. non acceptable.
putek rt username when lazzie learning more about fluoxetine hcl and some other antidepressants im here learning about sildenafil omg
why is it that people take gabapentin for recreational use. dose increase is making me hyperactive. will have clean house but broken body!
9 years of the health care system that started out as a untreated infection due to work, to insomnia, to levaquin causing afib to cns issues
this woman in the eliquis commercial has dementia. her husband is totally humoring her has she takes pictures of kids she doesnt have. hashtag sad
are you depressed? are you anxious? do you like headaches and diarrhea? if you answered yes to the last one, then viibryd is right for you!
valium, pristiq 2 beers before a tutorial that encourages discussion. what could possibly go wrong?
username username how many times do you want to see them? me and username were thinking about three concerts, but idk
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
username what age did you have surgery? and yeah, i've done humira and remicade. right now just on methortrexate shots.
suboxone strip with bff
80.sevenkg. not good at all. seroquel will do it's best to make those numbers bigger so now i have to really watch what i eat.
username go get tamiflu from your doctor. i had to when i was pregnant, it really helps.
saxagliptin increased the risk of hospitalization for hf. docs haven't fully assessed alogliptin's hf risk yet. hashtag esccongress2013
latuda is the funniest word
username username nuvaring was great for me!!!
asked the room: how many of you are suboxone prescribers? maybe 4 out of 90 raised their hands. we need more docs 2 prescribe suboxone!
sources say : hashtag divi's labs to supply api for hashtag ranbaxy's diovan generic; shares of divi's labs up 4.53%
or maybe that's the prozac ugh i need a nap always
username inv viox ag
i just typed 'except', and my phone suggested 'effexor.' maybe it knows something i don't?
data from phase iii trials supports safety, efficacy of linagliptin in treating t2d in african-american adults
time to take a seroquel then off i go ~ zzzz
username i take a combo of cytomel, synthroid and vitamin d. and if you ever need to talk, i'm here.
plus this antibiotic is making me stupid and clumsy. cipro is evil but the fever is gone.
rt username cipro/cipc has been lying for the past 5 years or more username username username username username
fibro question: who has been on the drug merry-go round? (vicodin to lyrica to elavil to lunesta to cymbalta to lexipro on and on.)
i have four extra metoprolol pills and a stack of aciphex think i'm gonna need both tonight. hashtag pulserate hashtag acidissues hashtag bruinsgettinscrewed
i have a lozenge i cant feel my throat
i rilly want to get off cymbalta but i don't want to suffer through terrible withdrawals
username it annoys me when companies combine drugs to maintain patents actonel adding vitamin d such bull. plan b condensing to 1 pill
sitting in the cvs drive thru because this little boy is put of his vyvanse prescription. he's in the car with me....without vyvanse.
preemptive imodium
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
i’ll tell ya…. metformin sucks. hashtag badheadaches
ugh i hate metformin im sick
username or username is it ok to take aspirin while on fluoxetine
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
dr. kyrillos: of ssris, paxil has the greatest assoc with hashtag weight gain. rx with caution in pts with presenting weight issues. hashtag paipip hashtag qi
seligman username if tysabri happened today, would we pull from mkt or would we use risk mitigation tools to manage? hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
cymbalta, my mood has worsened
i'm glad to say my painful dysphagia is not cancer but an ms attack. hurts bad but living on smoothies, ice cream baclofen helps ;)
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
username i only had very mild side effects from viibryd (a strange floaty feeling) for a couple of days, then nothing.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username ohh aah mix and match. aku confuse antara mix and match dgn show me the money.
cymbalta will be the death of me, fo sho. :(
username username username username username fuckin hell jo.  get some imodium
the comedown on adderall is so fucking annoying expressionless face
username username username gabapentin tramadol don't work for shit. make me sick. i hate them but can't get others
username in wal-mart now, never heard nexium helping ill try it out. thanks
username it's the enbrel.
username an ugly bong at that. i read there were safety issues with exubera too but can't find specifics. i think pfizer play coverup.
this might be the exhaustion, percocet, and oxycodone talking but: buhhh hurrr de durrrrr.. zzzzz....
oh poop fridge gone mental is freezing everything -on plus side my hashtag ensures will be very cold - thank f**k not still on hashtag humira hashtag crohns
within three (3) days of quitting smoking, all the nicotine in your system will be eliminated. hashtag notobacco at ksu santi aji hyperlink
hashtag days nov. sweeps prediction: lunesta sales fall in salem after citizens realize it is cheaper to fall asleep after talking with paige.
anyone have experience with a depressed cat? more specifically i think a pissed off cat. he's on kitty prozac...which isn't working great...
pharmacists willing to switch diovan to gx.
username i can't get on a commercial flight without a sleeping pill. pop the lunesta just before boarding.
remind me to get my prescription earlier next time. eight days without fluoxetine and my brain is a sack of nope.
blowing dis gas wit darvon
username well you can try diazepam tonight :d or try temazepam 30mg should send you straight to the wonderful dreamland; your special place
when they had me on risperdal, paxil, lunesta xanax, i couldn't feel a god-damn thing emotionally, i hated that. i'm an anti-drug activist
study: combination of varenicline and nicotine patch best way to quit smoking
username which crestor guy? the one who uses a gps to drive around his hometown? that annoying guy?
20.05 day 16 rivaroxaban diary. intense back and knee pain most of day; taken more paracetamol. had to shop, walking painful.
if the school is going to start offering us drugs in the vending machines, let's stock up on imodium i the dining hall please.
username oh yes, the cheap and (for non convertors) nasty levothyroxine is dole out, t3 rationed,ndt refused =false economy=polypharmacy
the fluoroquinolone syndrome &lt;-have you experienced side effects from taking quinolones antibiotics (e.g. cipro) ?
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
prozac xanax vodka whiskey gin before bedtime makes me so frisky two naughty men, tied up w/string these are a few of my favorite things
username methadone has killed thousands more than suboxone has yet you never reported on the thousands of lives it has saved. poor reporting!!!
i wish i had abs because injecting enbrel in my stomach would be so much easier
i cannot pull it together lately.... i need cymbalta
username wow! well the imodium will clog up at least one of the orifices
most weeks inject enbrel with hardly a mark, tonight totally different! no pain no gain :) hashtag ankylosing hashtag spondylitis
took too much pregabalin in order to sleep, but all that's happened is i'm spaced as fuck and lost the use of my hands a bit
username i got a steroid shot. he didn't send in the zpack for some reason maybe bc the tamiflu was $132
started eating naners :) rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
ciprofloxacin.@questionnier: what's for breakfast? hashtag chairmangiveaway
hashtag lamotrigine headaches suck :( i wanna curl up cry.
i am increasingly turning to ranolazine as an antiarrhythmic drug for patients with refractory arrhythmias. others with the same experience?
i wonder if i accidentally took a seroquel instead of a lamictal this morning. that'd do it. hashtag doom
username i have a q..i am taking lamotrigine and wondered if anyone else has had insomnia as a side effect?and what to do about it
tadalafil is a popular drug which finds many applications, commonly the ability to treat erectile dysfunction among men....
i have very severe hip pain. dihydrocodeine and diclofenac aren't helping. suggestions? hashtag needanorthopod hashtag neverthoughtidsaythat
anyone have nerve damage symptoms (ms like) from enbrel or humira? hashtag rheum
$myl mylan reports commencement of phase iii trials for generic version of advair diskus, insulin analog to lantus
username roberto schunemann eri vision research fellow presents aflibercept poster username this afternoon username
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
is it just me, or are eliquis commercials stilted, pedantic, and unnatural?  hashtag eliquiscommercialsbad
username username off that now on epilim topiramate lamotrigine phenytoin lacosamide.b off pheny soon hashtag lossofnervessideeffect
until then, trazodone to the rescue hashtag knockedout
geodon iv does the trick every time.
rosuvastatin does it better, lipid lowering drug username lemon juice with a pinch of salt (warm) every morning lowers cholesterol
username you're going to get heartburn. hope you medicated with nexium
username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac. give that bitch a banana.
don't imodium ad, don't imodium ad, you've got to fruit loops
*crosses arms and scoffs* oh goodie. alvin's back. now meridia can ignore sanguine even more.
username i am pretty clumsy and pregabalin makes me clumsier but this door injury was own fault..
trying to keep up with a football game is very difficult under the influence of oxycodone face with tears of joy
username dexlansoprazole or dexilant 30mg before or after meal once a day. branded ha tag 81pesos each. pro mas mganda pacheck up ka muna.
fda needs a warning label on vyvanse: consumption of this drug may result in major ocd/many unneeded hrs at work hyperlink
spana symbol! rt username what a productive day with my niggas at cipro
username i currently take tramadol pregabalin sertraline plus when really bad fentanyl patches &amp;morphine solution tried loads! xxxx
my mom took lyrica that the doctor prescribed her now she's having crazy hallicunations flushed face
username face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i'm high off this tamiflu rn i'm telling you
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
username i had to get off lipitor. i hurt so bad i couldn't even get out of bed changed to crestor not as bad ur in my prayers
hashtag tremors hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects i reflect on the tension in my nerves and all the shaking... meditation helped me a lot.
username username username januvia could make you hungry though. and irritable. hangry.
trazadone be having me aded . lunesta didnt work for my insomnia.
i wonder if seroquel /then/ food still equals restless legs
put everyone on tamiflu wen they come. do nasal swab viral pcr for everyone. dnt use nebulisers until results. infctn control has lost it
username i need some lunesta about now! username or some ambien.  hashtag insomniaprobs
only 60mg of paxil a.m to 30mg temazepam p.m.. plus other meds. blarg .
wanna go back to sleep, but this vyvanse ain't letting me expressionless face
would give anything to not have to take loperamide every day before i eat weary face
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
za doze ama? rt username ventolin has crazy effects walai /o\
username i wish i'd have found your article sooner! i was crippled by cipro in oct of '09. prescribed for a uti it didn't even help.
username username lexapro gave me the worst mixed episodes. i have some instability with pristiq but i can manage it ok.
username dam not even oxycodone morphine tylenol with codeine ?
not to mention the thousands of people online who say they’ve stacked on the weight due to taking seroquel.
the albuterol making me sleepy sleeping face
username username username username username username username i was allergic to hydrocodone, got darvocet
username was taking gilenya but it didn't sit in me very well. went off it, 14 new lesions, now i'm trying aubagio blood tests first tho.
i lost my nicotine juice...what the fuck
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hashtag sewing
some high impact companies still not reporting to shareholders via username e.g. nike, exelon hashtag cdpwater
i'm staying up just to annoy username i might slip a temazepam in his cup of tea! hashtag sobertwat
username nope, i tested positive for jcv. pouting face face with steam from nose face with medical mask  prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited jcv tysabri = permanent brain damage or sudden death.
i love that my dad works for astrazeneca. free nexium samples for daysssss
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
username remicade has also made me throw up before, but humira has only made me really nauseous but no vomiting
username username i guess. suboxone throws you into withdrawal if you use on it. methadone is more addictive. in oakland at the clinic
imodium a-d is now missouri's official sponsor hashtag missouri hashtag jeffersoncity hashtag mo hashtag ferguson hashtag darrenwilson hashtag michaelbrown hashtag jaynixon
do you have any medication allergies? asthma!!! me: ........ pt: no wait. avelox, that's it! so no other allergies? right! *cont
username i take pristiq and i have headache do you think of it?
username it helped me enormously with seroquel withdrawal but it makes benzo withdrawal much worse.
username i favor caution/moderation for any habit. years ago, they thought cocaine, trad. cigs, thalidomide were safe. jury still out.
have you listened to the pristiq commercial?! best song ever. username
username 3 seroquel?? hell i take half of the lowest dosage and i am knocked on my ass!!
achilles tendon rupture is a side effect of fluoroquinolones hashtag fact stay away from cipro!!!!
oh and advair can caused flushed skin too maybe that's why my cheeks randomly get red and hot
username when i was at $mrk, family's monthly hc tab was ~$40. and we still had zocor, fosamax, singulair, vioxx (for a bit)...
username oh good!!!! i hope you are feeling better!!!! i'm on tamiflu now too!!!! face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask
fart president's day. ah, ding ding snail pogcorn cinni ventolin hfa seo poo goo asscreed senioritis george washington donald trump
took this oxycodone on an empty stomach lmaoooo i'm so fucking high
username medtronic is awesome! my hubby has their baclofen pump to manage his post stroke tone spasticity. 6 years next month!
username i just got a script for focalin. ever try that? is so, any comparisons? i've not tried adderall
username trazodone makes me hungry. prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and drive me to a buffet?
neurotic i was just before hashtag humira injection (the size of a tagger's felt tip). 1,2,3.. whack! but nice surprise .. painless! all in me 'ed!
at my old weight my bmi was 18.4. i hate seroquel and prozac and my new pill, i don't eat but still gain weight.
i havent eaten anything all day and im hungry but i dont feel like eating thanks adderall
question: recently i have been hyper-sensitive to different textures, does anyone know if this is a bipolar / lamotrigine thing??
there's something bout lighting up a marlboro red, that nicotine rushing to my head, and the taste of southern comfort on my lips
this documentary on thalidomide is awful.
username he said to go to my neurologist because tnf blockers(i'm on enbrel was on humera) can cause neuropathy.
username etanercept (enbrel) which can be got in pens, but the preservative stings, so he mixes his own&gt;
username t t thanx.. *take another lozenge..
receive the document of denosumab . he told me taht he want to resign jikei hospital and toshikazu intend to resign too
you are the buprenorphine to my opioid withdrawals. hahaha :p
username username sorry. hell be delayed. filling an rx for esomeprazole
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
adderall is seriously the best drug in the world. smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes
username maybe it's just a vyvanse addict thing rt username nothing more satisfying than crossing something off your to-do list.
have you ever read dog? it's a good book. my mom is a super mario and my dad is a ransack. what's your favorite drink? mine is imodium ad.
oooo here is the part of the tysabri infusion when i’m cold. don’t like this bit at all. hashtag ms
been on humira now short period 4 to 6 injections no noticeable change in pain but racing heart and palpitations. mtx at 1ml injection.
minus the skin reactions, this week i can say i think enbrel is helping :-) hashtag yaforbiologics hashtag rasucks
username best of luck man! and they do suck :/ i was on olanzapine (abilify didnt work)...was awful, gained 3stone. off it nw n doin gud!
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
username 5.5 months on 14 mg aubagio 4 me no sides bloodwork is good &amp;so far no hair thinning. i do take username 8pm hashtag takethatms hashtag beatms
i do wonder of that achille's will ever recover fully from the cipro.
well! that was icky. i think lamictal and lexapro do not get along when taken within 3 hours of each other.
albuterol sulfate+symbicort=missey is tweaked hashtag wtf
omg why am i cleaning my apartment like i'm on adderall lmao
ok latuda you're not selling yourself w/ all those side effects. shit.
username is mtx called methotrexate ? if so i was on that pill but it didn't help. she wants me on humira or enbrel etc. but not now
.@maximumkungfu username giving percocet to treat vicodin withdrawal is good example of the need for easier md access to buprenorphine
have been in a lot of pain all day though and i feel and look like a zombie. seroquel is quite an annoying medication, ugh. -.-
username pt c recurrent gout sjs from allopurinol. started febuxostat spec. authority obtained. pred to prevent flare  hashtag rxisin hashtag pam
username pag take loperamide besh
may have been the mix of diclofenac aspirin. heart started to beat fast, after focus wore off.
do not take prolia if you are pregnant or looking to get pregnant
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
wish i could stay up and do nicething with all the loveliesd but woah does seroquel hit hard
effexor side effects; headaches, no appetite.
username username i had terrible joint pain with remicade.  i switched to humira and have had no major side effects.
tell me about the medications you've used that do work that didn't work! remicade humira didn't work for me but cimzia does! hashtag crohns
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
username my dad just told me make sure to tell my guest to take metformin 500mg po bd before coming hashtag tfts. username very important
username …cont) '08. cymbalta keeps that headache at a very mild level!
username just wait for the weight gain to set in. i was on lyrica for about a year. didn't change my routine. gained about 30 lbs
username thank you! coming off effexor is not fun!
my effexor has left me with the inability to cry. i was dry eyed watching into the wild and even one of those sarah mclachlan commercials
username the fda killed 10,000 americans due to vioxx scam and gave 100,000 heart attacks..! more deaths than from al-qaeda..
okay, 30mg of memantine a day seems to have stopped the worst of the panic attacks. now i just had no motivation. :/ hashtag windowopensdoorcloses
20.12 day 15 rivaroxaban diary. haven't yet taken today's tablet. will when i eat. still intense lower back pain from yesterday's tablet.
username username that's crazy because i took keppra which put me on suicide watch. neutral face i'm on vimpat now and it's decent.
username have you tried cimzia? i'm on it currently bc humira failed and remicade gave me lupus. it's alright. a lot better than humira to me!
username hindi recommended ang efavirenz sa may history of psych problems and bipolars
to take lunesta or watch a movie.... hmmm
i was unceremoniously kicked off the crestor bowling team in those ads. a blood test revealed i had been lipitor doping
username i tried suboxone twice... had a weird reaction to it both times. va dr sent me to clinic.
username latuda made me lose function in my neck. it was just sagging there at linden lmfao
i think i'm gong to speak my gp about reducing quetiapine dosage. the weight gain from it is scaring the hell out of me.
redbull , blunt , suboxone &gt; OK hand heavy check mark
i reccomend donepezil, rivastigmine or galantamine username username username
repeat methylcholine test today. bleh. i'm so shaky after the ventolin they gave me that perhaps coffee is not such a good idea.
username not well. grew immunity to remicade. humira entyvio laughed off by my body. disease too strong. having resection surgery in 2 weeks.
username could be flu. you may need tamiflu or something. that's prescription.
username that's with citalopram btw, fluoxetine and metazapanine did not help me at all.
had a great few hours on my bike but exercise drives my hashtag olanzapine munchies. getting fed up with not being able to fit into summer wardrobe
.@bokkiedog username [sarcasm?] in case not: many side effects; do not take unless need. read adverse effects section in *any* metformin rct.
sildenafil in high doses reported to have caused blindness - no wonder people always say love causes blindness
best day ever. i got welchol cups raising hands raising hands hyperlink
i get it! enbrel will cure your joint pain by killing you with side effects. enough with the fine print.
i guess viibryd has a short half life, bc i feel like hell.
username i changed from rebif to tecfidera in november. i've done well so far. no flu like symptoms anymore, like after shot day!
well, i'm now convinced humira enbrel were the culprits of my weight gain! other tnf will likely result in same. now what?
i've been out of metformin for a little while. we can't seem to get my prescription transferred. my blood sugar's a liiiiiiittle high rn
someone from collin county come talk to me i took adderall this morning and need a companion loll
username it all might be due to restlessness. hashtag seroquel did make my legs go too!!
username do u also have a detox for suboxone because that also becomes addictive and harder to get off then herion
username this is the worst company by far for specialty meds. my daughter won't have her enbrel thurs bc of terrible customer service
username but i switched to trazodone ... i was doing some crazy ish on ambien smh not good lol
if you're taking vyvanse can we please discuss side effects real quick wtf is happening to my digestive system
what is this weird feeling i've been having all day? i've felt depressed yet oddly happy. this is the second day of bid hashtag lamotrigine
username hope this infographic qualifies me for my top-secret synthroid social media promotion stipend $ this month! hyperlink
i am so damn sleepy today. i wonder if this is the avodart kicking in and getting rid of the last of the dht...
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
username a, try imodium and b, at least you still have your sense of humor xo
$gild gilead reports first-line combo study of ambrisentan, tadalafil met primary endpoint, expecting to submit ambition data by end of 2014
username oh robitussin dreams are notorious. although what will really turn 'em into a bunuel movie is cipro.
username u bet. he was the vioxx hero for merck. estimates had merck paying upward of $25 billion in claims. he fought every case. &lt;$6 b
teeth mario with iota proof: distance=rate*time, dexilant melons the maze expel dove penny stocks snapchat turd anoncoin play sports dog poo
i'm tired of being tired, deffinatly hashtag nap time for this girl. stupid hashtag medications hashtag paxil hashtag trazodone hashtag seroquel
celecoxib + naproxen + paracetamol and still the pain is there &gt;_&lt; wooooo! sciaticaaaaaa!
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
username a shug ? is that a self hug? wish i could do that - damm thalidomide :-(
username after 321 deaths, the median survival was significantly longer in the sorafenib group (10.7 months vs. 7.9 months on placebo; haz
comparison of effectiveness of methadone and two sublingual formulations of buprenorphine on maintenance treatment outcomes experimental an…
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
username username when i was on cymbalta and visanne i could not orgasm at all!!!
yessssssss lyrica followed... i can hashtag offically slide in them dms
username reppin zoloft&amp;seroquel since last november. i'm hella gainin weight too awesome i'm fat and can't cum i own
[central] govt cannot shy away from the fact that we're the most effient part of the public sector says sir merrick hashtag rewiringwm
waitt..here it comes..the hashtag seroquel is pulling me under..also i now have the sudden urge to procure food.. hashtag fmlimugly
username can't forget the saltines i have to force down so i can take tamiflu :-)
i stopped taking my trazodone so bring on another sleepless night
3. proper trial would be valsartan plus neprilysin inhibitor versus valsartan alone.
oh well this might be why the side effects from cold turkey quitting pristiq were so horrible. it is concentrated effexor.
anybody kno a doctor that'll prescribe me 5000 adderall blunts
everytime i take a adderall now at the end of the day i get sick and start puking
hashtag medschat help! coming off of viibryd - kim, thank you so much for your encouragement! and i thank everyone who ha...
username have you taken a lunesta and tried to tweet?
username my blood pressure is fine, but my heart started lurching two weeks ago. savella didn't work for me, yeah. cymbalta rules!
this lozenge is making my whole mouth numb... is that normal?
username i gained 25 pounds when i wasnt on anything. got on metformin and lost it in three months
too late for my nexium now. being old is bullshit
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
hashtag ash14 plenary 6: median age was 50yrs; 17% were flt3 mutated; no diff in cr rate overall and in flt3 subgroup b/w sorafenib placebo
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
username or make them take that boniva stuff sally field takes.
username i understand bystolic does mess with losing weight, but i've still slowly pulled it off. the ptu is a new challenge now.
does lozenge rhyme with orange? surely that would make that stupid rhyming humour about orange false...
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
albuterol be havin me nervous and pulse fast as hell
i think the lunesta is interacting with the vyvanse because i am definitely drilling a mint
username sure is! i no longer even own a car after being crippled by cipro (a bayer product!). who needs a car when you can't walk!?
worked a double shift today while dealing with effexor withdrawals, i'm a tough bitch; fight me. hashtag badass hashtag sick hashtag withdraws hashtag sicksicksick
ok has anyone here taken restoril a pill to help insomnia? i stopped taking ambien, bc i was gaining weight (sleep eating.)
gz looks like he's on paxil or something. hashtag hlnzimmermantrial
put your advair away username username light skin girls hashtag quote this with a selfie smiling face with heart-eyes hundred points ” hyperlink
username first two weeks of olanzapine v drowsy. weight gain was an issue. great for my anxiety though.
have any of you developed hives after tysabri infusions ?
username username username bupropian sounds less scary lol. but varenicline sounds less scary than champix too.
username then u better get ur acebutolol and aliskiren ready with a glass of water. or better still, get your doctor on speed dial!...
username as the 10th anniversary of the vioxx recall approaches, let's remember the scores of thousands of people merck slaughtered.
i'm taking oxycontin and oxycodone . pain too real bruh .
username adderall makes it possible to play hop hop and do your finals amazing
username but...the metformin and viagra scripts? how will they be filled?
i imagine the limitless drug to be somewhat like vyvanse x1000000
username &lt; i was on lamictal for a while (for other reasons) but i had to stop due to an allergic reaction.
s/o for temazepam for getting me to sleep last night
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
username doesn't work. citilopram then fluoxetine before, bothe did nothing for my mood but made me vomit so much i lost 4 stone in 6mo.
cnbc-tv18 alert: takeda uric acid control drug uloric us sales at $261m/year
exelon is working on another merger! does that mean we should expect another huge market manipulation settlement or no ferc approval???
no fail, seroquel does make you hungry.
pristiq and im livin in a cold world
pregabalin gives me 3d-cinema vision (without the glasses) - it's unusual seeing the rgb spectrum distort whatever you're looking at.
vyvanse and alcohol is a guaranteed blackout
username paxil? am all good thanks pal.
username banana? hot milk? and randomly lettuce! all contain sleepy bye chems. all i have is trazodone which means dopey all day tomo
someone out there needs to find a way to make ventolin less disgusting. i can't breathe and the foulness is not aiding the situation.
username partial complex on lamotrigine lacosamide zonisamide poor memory, trip over my tongue. anyone the same? hashtag careerkiller
cholinesterase inhibitors (eg aricept) for early-stage alzheimer's. memantine (namenda) does not work for early alzheimer's. hashtag tmamtg
researchers have improved umbilical cord screening assay for buprenorphine by reducing the positive result cutoff from 1
username i haven't been diagnosed with pots but i do have orthostatic hypotension which they say is a side effect of namenda
username or perhaps ventolin (salbutamol mix). that might break some windows, tho. how to do the percussion?
username username bupenomroph something like tht they downstairs also been on pregabalin wow hashtag neveragain hashtag wentfromsize8to16 #
mrs doubtfure returns to pilfer boniva from area nursing homes to give to his brittle ex-wife sally field
not even an adderall could make me want to do this homework right now
has anyone ever taken pristiq before? i just got prescribed it because effexor made me nauseated does pristiq do the same thing?
rt username janssen: fda issues crl for xarelto to reduce the risk of stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. $jnj
okay my doctor tried to perscribe me strattera instead of adderall and i couldn't tell him that strattera doesn't work ugh
username same. suboxone is another one researchers have looked at for its therapeutic value. i took it years ago and it's great for dep.
no difference in mace with sitagliptin - stefano del prato hashtag esccongress2013
username i had a sinus infection and strep at the same time, but i just finished the levaquin on wednesday
the effexor dreams have taken a terrifying turn. ugh.
i'm too numb to feel, blow out the candle, blindness hashtag np hashtag cymbalta
endo and biodelivery sciences announce positive top-line results from the phase iii clinical trial of bema registered buprenorphine in opioid-exper...
3 prozac 1 actos 1 januvia 2 glimepiride 2 lovastatin 1lisinopril. wish i could get off all these. hyperlink
welcome username to nexium :)
glaxosmithkline to pay ma $2.1 million to settle claims of promoting off-label uses of asthma drug advair hashtag fox25
i played homework with my rachelle lefevre, but i lost. a few days ago design caravan tecfidera bitbar diarrhea.
username username username username suboxone   face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy that shit david gave me
me: i hate life *rants 20 min.* sissy: you should see a doctor about zoloft or paxil so you stop freaking out.. or just smoke a joint.
username yeah, i bet. i think i may just consult a guide for all of maridia cause i'm lost
hmm rt username wow i have a vyvanse...when do i want to eat this?
username username just switched from spiriva to tudorza, yesterday, because of dry mouth. hope it helps.
that zyprexa really makes your vocal chords marvelous only it makes you gain so much weight
amateur porn tips: take vyvanse! after two hours of continuous shitting, you'll be ready for anal with no embarrassing poo accidents! person tipping hand
kinda worried about the nighttime jaw clenching from effexor, what with my tongue ring and all... :l
username that lyrica works!! but it scares me that i can't feel anything good or bad! i stopped taking it. i take cymbalta and celebrex
username wow - what a twist for sure...humira was the winner but kayvan got the franchise... hashtag bethebosscanada
first time i've had the ventolin shakes for years. lolbronchitis.
victoza volunteered as tribute to shovel the snow for my mom face with tears of joy username username username hyperlink
rivaroxaban 2/2 if i could float weightless in space i suspect i would not ache. but i can't so need rid of rivaroxaban.
fun facts: do u know what meds are r for bipolar depression? currently hashtag fda approved hashtag quetiapine aka seroquel
the more you tweet about how depressed you are the more depressed you will be so stop and go get some prozac
username they mentioned quetiapine for me ages ago, but have changed their mind now. want to give me nothing. not happy!
if my nuvaring don't pop out u aint hittin it right relieved face
i have metformin tummy today :-(
username elephant tranquilizers, or seroquel paired with xannys. that combo will knock you out. so i've heard.
username username lyrica already used linca to inaugurate uni. unless i have a catastrophic error however, lyrica is still an amateur.
two doses of percocet along with 300mg of gabapentin are in my system right now. i was told i'm really loopy atm. hahaha goodnight!
username fluoxetine is not good. it has a lot of side effects.
tendons still achillin me, some hashtag rheum levaquin humor..
on today's ride i burnt 1119 calories. take that olanzapine you hunger inducing bastard!!!
hope dr. talks me xarelto soon,,,he said be would !!!!!!
brilinta experienced headwinds after u
trying to convince mom to let me breed pudge to nexavar next year instead of running her
username take meclizine if you feel nauseous, or loperamide if you gots da poops.
one of the things i hate most about quetiapine is when i take it for the first few hours i slur my words, so people assume i'm merely drunk.
with the tysabri i don't ache much but i do at times. with the rebif i ached so bad it was unbearable at times. flu like symptoms i had.
i definitely can't forget my passport and ventolin inhaler!!!!! jfc!
username i clock in at 16 stone (added 1 stone since quetiapine) and according to that bmi thing i'm obese, which i'm clearly not.
username i took bystolic for about 6mos but pcp took me off bc i c/o being tired all the time.. whoops
rt username vyvanse, commonly known as ocd in a pill.
did they just say the side effects for crestor was dark urine and yellowing eyes? who would want that?
astronaut: effect of aliskiren on post-discharge outcomes in non-diabetic patients hospitalized for hf hashtag esccongress2013
username clearance sales. 200mg sparfloxacin x 6tabs for n100 each and 500mg levofloxacin x10tabs for n150. call 01-2901514
username i take seroquel in day wanna be my friend have to reply to me for me to notice it i get free long distance
viibryd has given me my life back, but the brain zaps i experience are so harsh that my entire body jolts, not just my head.
so glad i'm off hashtag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hashtag tip please be carefull w/ taking hashtag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hashtag venlafaxine
used ciclesonide earlier. now my nose is dripping.
username oh, darling, have some of my olanzapine. silly gurl.
username combining them with the quetiapine makes me hallucinate :/
username username all i know is that pristiq is connected to effexor, and i know someone who takes regulary effexor.
generic lipitor $25 for 90, generic lexapro $25 for 90, generic flomax $25 for 90, generic effexor $25 for 90, generic cozaar/hyzaar $25/90.
username yeah, maybe paxil isn't so bad, but never try it with zoloft. ::shudder::
liquid oxycodone got me feelin woozie!
hashtag goodandbad username norethindrone saved my life many times while kenalog caused me all kinds of horrors medical costs. hashtag drugs
also, does humira make you throw up? remicade = voms for me.
rt username if i have to take my hashtag humira once a week my friday nights are gone. astonished face loudly crying face
username username liraglutide cheap and widely used? i don't think so
wow adderall makes me such a tweak .... aka everyone should stay 15ft away from me today
username username should try some fluoxetine dan hashtag psychology
username why does vioxx indicate under-regulation? is a 0 error rate what we should be aiming for?
username taken other stuff, but can't really remember. aripiprazole ziprasidone apparently weight neutral aps. topiramate: weight loss.
username i didn't take a zopiclone in the end.. but i'm third day of no quetiapine i'm eating incredibly differently!
my chest is so heavy and ventolin isn't getting to it and i'm freaking outtttt
i always get so distracted by my advair alarm ringtone that i forget to take my advair... hashtag asthmaproblems hashtag marianastrenchisdistracting
adderall makes me the happiest person alive...and then it wares off and turns me into a horrible person. lol night and day.
username username username mark can you take a prozac/cipromyl and fooking calm down. thanks
repost: by: gee turner. does anybody here take latuda for bpd? do you have any opinions?
jeosornengig 255 mg: hi there! purchase vardenafil , buy generic prozac , buy priligy no prescription , purchase cialis online no…
day 4: the initial lamotrigine lethargy kicked in the day before exams. i tell myself that possible failure is better than possible death.
cramers pick; exelon (exc) is alright long term.
urea breath test =taking nexium hp7 can feel it working
when i'm trying to eat a decent meal on adderall i feel the struggle of the kid in matilda who was forced to finish the chocolate cake
username why take lunesta when just a couple of hits of weed will do the trick? sunovion pharmaceuticals doesn't want to hear this.
i've been up for three days, adderall and red bull
being white doesnt help with this suboxone withdrawal. some forces of nature are too strong and dont discriminate.
username was taking lamotrigine all the time through this period and olanzapine for duration of episodes only. started q 7 days ago
got offered a seat on the tube this morning. quetiapine, like pregnancy, but hungrier. hashtag bipolarlifestylechoice
take your adderall and you just go go go all day OK hand
sent my lovely compandre to fuel my nicotine addiction
username i tried that going cold turkey on venlafaxine and depakote is not a good idea i dreamt colours and lost my fucking mind aghh!
username hey, thinking of switching from remicade to humira for study reasons, any major downsides to humira? :3
i see you antara nampak loudly crying face
i need to learn the one ring to rule them speech from lotr to tell the next customer i sell a nuvaring to
oh hello seroquel old friend i mi*passes out on bed*
vyvanse completely fucks up my sleep smh but i need it to study too
when u havent shit since sunday so u have to take miralax twice a day and it doesnt work
.@harrylooknorth username hi re: 'velcade three' you said velcade was for 'bone cancer', it's for multiple myeloma a bone marrow cancer
when im on adderall i just want to compliment hug everyone
username it was explained to me that all the anti-tnfs can bring out other issues. i had severe joint pain on humira remicaid
username take the cipro now!
username username username psssh didn't levaquin make u hallucinate? girl u best stay away from shrooms lol
we have a concern from a member,  have you been advised to stay away from children with chicken pox while on tysabri ?
username over-the-counter medicines such as loperamide (imodium) and bismuth subsalicylate (pepto-bismol and kaopectate) may help stop dia
hey guys don't forget to refill your paxil for like six days because the withdrawal is like heroin. literally.
i can't afford $120 for 3 months of januvia i guess i'll just die as he forks over $210 cash for 4 viagra. hashtag smh hashtag priorities hashtag pharmacyprobs
cool. makayla has a guy. sammy has a guy. gladys has a guy. ally has a boyfriend. jennifer has a boyfriend. lyrica is definitely single.
brian vickers in this xarelto commercial. cool
username username odd. i give blood regularly have asthma. i take symbicort ventolin.
username also got baclofen (muscle relaxer)
xopenex struggles.
anyone take lamictal/lamotragine? what dose? i take a minimum dose and wonder if that is normal.
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
c. bozic of username biogen decided to pull tysabri w/o knowing if could remarket. safety assessment priority. hashtag uncertaintyworkshopiom
username i had allergic reaction from enbrel.
i got prescription for crestor
username i had this yesterday. hashtag cycling better than prozac hashtag cureall
keep taking the lamotrigine. maybe a miracle will happen. maybe you'll get back together. wishful thinking, dumbass.
username username lyrica this that dress but mines hold hers is cold as f though ! smirking face
username pregabalin sounds similar to amitriptyline, which i've been taking for several years for meralgia paresthetica.
going back to atrovent. spiriva only made my mouth feel like it was attacked with a hairdryer.
do you know how badly i want a cigarette right now? but no. i manfully suffer through nicotine withdrawal—all for you hashtag sacrifice
username adderall has me reading every ingredient in everything i've thought about eating today
no pain is worse than humira. not even arthritis. lmfao.
username yeah, and diclofenac
but this fuck ass adderall i took 14 hours ago still has me wide awake.
username me too. i am more or less fine on my periods then nuvaring just made me a total mess the first month. it cooled down tho.
popped an adderall and now i'm excessively sweating
username why so many drug ads during hashtag nightlynews? 2nite u had symbicort prilosec nexium januvia crestor alieve metamucel. seems a lot.
&gt; want to do paper to have free weekend &gt; too tired and delirious to start &gt; also too wired from residual effects of adderall &gt; dead
username username -generic drugs as effective as amgen's enbrel for arthritis- username -: a blockbuster drug made b... username
uloric (febuxostat) is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor for hyperuricemia hashtag gout. 40-80 mg qd, do not use w/ aza or 6mp, &lt;5% get lft elevations
with darvocet at first my ass cheeks went numb, then my forehead, then my thighs, then finally my uterus was numb. yippee
rt username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
hey gurrrl, it might just be the januvia talking but i have severe abdominal pain that may be severe pancreatitis and lead to death.
username def vicodin lol i'm on oxycodone that shit knocks me tf out face with tears of joy i'll be talking then i just pass out lol
i guess i'll have do double up on the lunesta to get to sleep tonight. thanks hashtag rams
teratogenic drugs: major non-antibiotics tap cap: thalidomide androgens progestins corticosteroids aspirin indomethacin phenytoin
i had a dream that my buprenorphine stopped working and i was offered fentanyl.... wut.
i'm void of nicotine and my moods are void of stability.
fda approves first generic diovan (valsartan) to treat high blood pressure
username kiss a nigga taste that nicotine
username ohgawd i keep reading/hearing about metformin diarrhea horror stories lol
username lmao. i loved geodon until i started passing out in public and losing chunks of my day. it was good when it was good, though.
you are very poo, do you know that? my reeky fartin likes to moron me. my sister is named hairy. voracious i aranesp some join.
username username username many thanks for this. does that include drugs like varenicline and buproprion or are they separate?
yo clique is full of pussies i call y'all the nuvaring flexed biceps
there's a good chance i was misdiagnosed with hashtag hypothyroidism and synthroid meds caused psychotic reactions that cost me my job.
username second day off effexor on viibryd here. brain zaps are fun. and by fun, i mean horrendous miserable.
frustrated! cannot figure out what is wrong w/these pattern pieces why can't get them to line up correctly! stupid gabapentin hashtag sewing
username  is there any dosage form other than metoprolol succinate? .i mean other than succinct xl formm
i hate that stupid crestor commercial.
username i was on methotrexate but it wasn't working for me and causing tons of fatigue. i'll be on straight enbrel to start.
really..another unarmed black man killed because the officer mistakes the oxycodone pills as a gun? hashtag riprumainbrisbon hyperlink
ventolin suck out all my energy.
username levaquin poisoned me and ruined my life! constant pain 24/7! i hate you, levaquin!
username username username username bc i have pneumonia i have to really stagger the hashtag vitamintrain due to interaction w levaquin.
username interesting. and thanks for the answer. i guess it's the miralax of today.
username i hated being on paxil for that reason. way to make you *more* depressed. x.x
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
it turns out that i can still ride a bike in spite of my ataxia (side effect of lamotrigine) it has been at least 25 years.
and quetiapine makes you gain weight i'm scared
it can get really cold when you have a halls lozenge
read that story. the officer thought he felt the handle of a gun through the guys pants so he shot him. it was a bottle of oxycodone pills.
username does he need an exelon patch? my grandma is refusing to use hers i can ship it to him if he needs it!!!!
good thing i have a full course of levaquin left over from my bronchitis. it may be overkill but i don't have time for this.
train ace somers call him imodium ad a stomach-ache press got really above
username what meds are you on? gabapentin /pregablin =horrible weight gain. opiates can cause very bad nausea /stomach pains /vomiting...
username you are beginning to sound like gemma - stop whinging. i bet imodium are sponsoring her. ;) i would give that bog 20 minutes
username i think it's got four arms - revolade + placebo, revolade + darbepoetin alpha, placebo + darbepoetin alpha placebo *2.
username a4 fluids and rest! i guess tamiflu if you are hit hard, but really, fluids and rest  hashtag targetpharmacyca  hashtag contest
woke up with my januvia flu symptoms. managed to plan out homeschool for the summer but that is about it for today. suddenly it is 5.
oh, wow, progesterone actually inhibits 5ar as well. that plus avodart and casodex and spiro and metformin … testosterone nuked from orbit.
oddly enough a lunesta commercial came on. hashtag signs
diclofenac is also used widely treat human conditions. raptors pick up toxic residues in discarded carcasses.
username username cipramil, pristiq allegron were the ones i was on for the longest. then xanax at a low dose as needed.
boniva would've been better properly named as an erectile dysfunction drug.
ain felt this sick since i came down from five weeks being high on oxycodone after ankle surgery last year
username i have been on enbrel, remicade, and simponi. enbrel didn't work well enough for me.
after watching that xarelto commercial, you're better off taking your chances of having a stroke.
what the fuck, the list of deadly side effects for latuda is so long that i'm shocked it isn't used for killing ppl on death row.
hashtag herchat drs had me on multiple painkillers. almost killed me. bextra vioxx fentanyl relafen . crash test patient
ah yes the sudofed and ventolin jitters. the world is made of jelly and i'm the spoon. hashtag trippinballz.
i lost 17 pounds on vyvanse that's why life is wonderful
i don't want to sound like a freakin' cymbalta commercial. -me to my therapist
username username username username username it is totally stupid withdrawing from temazepam has been awful i'm only
username only issue with lyrica is weight gain and swelling.
username that's great! i can't take humira, allergic to something in the med. enbrel flared my migraines. remicade is end of line for me!
effexor dreams, now with lucidity. i grant the power of flight?
as an adult i was on adderall along with zoloft and chantix. i was so angry and confused and depressed i couldn’t function.
jk im drunk lmfao i forgot i took my full dose of seroquel tonight along w vodka
doing my first interview with username researcher today tysabri patient. then back into hospital for more steroids
damn you quetiapine side effect. was quite enjoying being able to sleep at night
username i had panic and aniexty orders a few years ago before i took paxil but i never freaked out on ppl and cried hysterically
username crohn's. i'm taking humira at the minute. they're pretty similar drugs aren't they? remicade will be the last for me to try 1/2
username username sponsorship deals with imodium should cover it.
when tadalafil is in ur system and you feel no end in sight. you fake it and rest
aurobindo pharma: alert: memantine tablets used for alzheimer's disease
you may know me by my stripper name, pristiq
username because i texted my gm like a hour and a galf ago amd said troll darvon on iverson face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
username username hi i'm using enbrel too but it didn't work :(
username yes i take humira weekly. found almost immediately it wasn't lasting long enough to reduce symptoms. are you feeling any better?
don't worry, i am just fine! apparently i am just highly allergic to tamiflu and it caused me to break out into a terrible case of hives!
today is a rubbish health day and it's all been caused by one little imodium tablet. i can never win the with my organs.
3. 4 of the 16 women in the study of the release rate of hashtag estrogen had surges of estrogen hashtag nuvaring hashtag birthcontrol hyperlink
rt username another example of how actual drug sales often fall far short of projections - eliquis $613m in 2016, not billions; http:/…
rt username username does paxil withdrawal take! extremely emotional:( switched to wellbutrin. wanna crawl in a hole.
username lyrica may cause suicidal thoughts or actions. my mom thinks they are on point there.
username username i hate to leap in but i might be trying pregabalin for nerve pain. how bad were the side effects?
do i come off my medication or do i just continue to be a prozac zombie
lunesta in hand: it's true, i'm a snob when it comes to crackers. hashtag picky hashtag only2kindsiwilleatifihaveachoice
sometimes when i watch cialis and nexium commercials i wonder if 40 yo deuce is gonna need that...
imodium by nirvana is such a great song i love it so much and i'm gonna start using ''shazam!'' a lot more often now
standard exelon imperial a diy favorite and one of the best values in flooring. hyperlink
please please gabapentin start working. hug is off the chart right now. maybe i'll try a muscle relaxer. they leave me so sick next day tho.
i tell you gabapentin is making me balk! after the 24th tablet of the day my gag reflex kicks in...this sucks balls!
if i was bipolar, i would stay my ass bipolar after watching that latuda commercial
half of seroquel knocks me out so fast and im asleep for at least 10 hours...
i am on gabapentin and i feel drunk. and it is hideous. drunk is not something i enjoy. the irony oh the irony. hashtag cld
username really, i'll ask my doctor about switching. lunesta makes me oversleep and
oh yay. ciprofloxacin just in time for the weekend. i thank you vietnam egypt. alcohol, see you in 7 days. hashtag sick
username keep up the the good work...the key for me was tapering low and slow...i'm 10 days off suboxone and doing great!
all i have to say is cipro will mess you up kids. don't get sick! hashtag blagh hashtag gross hashtag weak
username username why was gardasil fast-tracked after vioxx had killed 60+k 140k heart attacks and strokes? where was the hpv fire?
hi username , does taking codeine and pregabalin (for pain) prevent me from donating?
i do baclofen which helps w incontinent urges but don't think it's good for the bowels. (very personal but wtf) anyone have insight for me??
username i even have a super coupon for viibryd if you end up taking it. i can mail it to you when you find out it works for you.
he had two pubs, both awful shmall places.  the lads used to call them the thalidomide arms.
i feel 80% more human having not taken the gabapentin last night. woo
username had a migraine, asked him for medicine, he's sitting there like that's what you get! nicotine withdrawals! like fuck dad.
username aade charlotte at uncc today merck is here with januvia hyperlink
aaahhh prozac, my best friend, where have you been this month?  hashtag ivemissedyou
username sos i havent slept for 26 hours im on adderall i cant scream
username la thalidomide all over again?
sildenafil citrate username 8. what is the generic name of viagra?  hashtag rxchatng
woman coughing fit to burst on train, commuters tutting/moving away. given she's hauling on her ventolin i suspect poor thing poorly
phase 3 trial: nexavar tablets fail to meet primary endpoint in her2-negative breast cancer patients
username are you on humira
they determined that the benefits of statins metformin weren't enough to justify the risk.
my breath smells awful (thanks vyvanse) anyone have gum
fosamax and osteonecrosis of the jaw
that guy on the bowling team in the crestor commercial is a jackass
well i just found out that it is indeed possible to abuse imodium and get high off it.
username username it only takes 2.5mg crestor to lower ldl to target; using 20mg undermines lipid hypothesis
miralax for an eight month old? is that allowed? and what's the dose if it is?
overheard in the friendly's: she got the nuvaring and it's making her boobs huge, but then again it's kind of making all of her huge
$aezs jury verdict in favor of astrazeneca in nexium pat litigation
username ugh i'm trying to figure out how i got infectious colitis... the flagyl and levaquin have knocked me on my butt
username username username a fair, generous victim's fund flattens the issue. see merck / vioxx for a template. hashtag alltherightmoves
high school softball: ste. gen beats saxony lutheran 5-4. ashley viox was 4-4 and username got the win on the mound. hashtag justthefacts
im glad i went to the docs .. got more seroquel ( :
school sucks somwtimes because i don't have time to eat peanut butter watch south park and read about bystolic hashtag cardiospecific hashtag vasodilatory
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel hashtag sideeffects uncontrollable tremors in hands and legs. body would rock all the time. restlessness. desperation.
username this is vimpat levetiracetam also known as keppra hyperlink
haven't been bowling in a while but i don't remember everyone stopping to watch a crestor commercial that's inexplicably on the score screen
concerns about cardiovascular safety will lead to lower recommended doses of oral and rectal diclofenac username hyperlink
guess i'm allergic to cipro...
username darvocet worked for me, but it makes my heart beat all over the place, like a john bonham solo. face with tears of joy
god knows how i'm going to sleep tonight after sleeping 9 hours in the day confused face  hashtag trazodone pill
username girl, i'm all about that lithium and latuda life. open hands
username only neg side effect i get from gabapentin is drowsiness; doesn't work great for pain, but strangely, it's more effective for
username i have had ms for 19 years and betaseron is all i have ever taken. i really hope the tecfidera works for you. so far so good!!!.
username i hope you took your imodium
sildenafil side-effect, lowering of kelvin midpoint in eyesight. tungsten lamp appears white and sky twice as blue. username
i hope buscopan works.... since loperamide and the other one didn't
username piroxicam or diclofenac if patient is not allergic to them. however, injections have a very limited role.
my hopes dreams of my itchy legs totally fading with new synthroid dose has been crushed. back with a vengeance literally in tears.
username try having numerous ones daily! talk about not cool! thank god for paxil! haha
any hashtag endosisters been prescribed buprenorphine patches? how serious is the 'no alcohol' part? hashtag endometriosis hashtag painorwine
username username username username username i thought enbrel was good, now on infliximab 10 times better for me.
username infliximab worked for only a short time, humira wasn't effective at all, i suffer from crohns and uc. there's only one real cure
*gets addicted to metformin (it gives u the poops)*
username what are your views on gabapentin or pregabalin in the treatment of fatigue??
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
username do the injections suck? enbrel takes 5 seconds longer, but i've heard it's like a wasp sting.
username i was prescribed levaquin w/ prednisone 3x in 7 mos. permanent nerve &amp;tendon damage. there are hundreds of thousands of us.
username thank you, but i'm angry not depressed. hell at least those people got prozac.
username you need a lozenge or sumn?
username oh, ugh, say no more then and have extra hugs :( i know how much fluoxetine sucks. if it helps, anagraine is great for nausea
hashtag ats2014 - etanercept of no use in remission induction in gpa, despite the key role of tnf in granuloma formation.
username zyprexa had me sleep walking!!!
exelon shares slide 2.9%, worst in s&amp;p 500
gps fundraiser. karen brown supports gps. exelon does it again! exelon luvs us and supports hashtag mental health awareness !!!
username have decided to stop metoprolol and pain relief, sort chest infection and just see if can find normal and go from that point
it's 6 am and still no sleep fuck you vyvanse
username sales of cipro spiked after first anthrax attacks. idiots beg to give away their money.
despite a difficult meeting with hr today i feel good, i feel chilled, i feel happy but i still feel fat! hashtag olanzapine
opioids: heroin, morphine, oxycodone (oxycontin), methadone, hydrocodone (vicodin), codeine other prescription pain meds hashtag ravebodychat
oh and i had a change in doctors and a change in meds. adios prozac and focalin, hello cymbalta and vyvanse pill
username omg me too!!! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i've tried ambien and lunesta but those wire me up! even nyquil face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
too much vyvanse.... not sleeping tonight
username i'm on enbrel right now. it is my first bio med. i've been on plaquinel, mtx, arava, imuran, and tons of pred
have a feeling that the wellbutrin, the effexor, trazodone, and the neurontin are going to be very very helpful. oh, and the depakote too.
seroquel and coffee don't really mix oops
however, symbacort alvesco have username so few ppl know about alvesco. it's just an inhaled steroid. not a combo joint. straight roids
username username username username username username migh need to change it due to hallucinations.my mom took restoril
i have enough vyvanse for all the.women who are afraid of coke.
i got some oxycodone or whatever you call em...
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
username yes thank you it was nice. i've not felt very good. heartburn because of the victoza my mail order was shipped late so i'm yucky
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
username yes, definitely. sometimes i feel as i’m taking prednisone. did not feel this way prior to humira.
users can now view and search by prescribing status for buprenorphine certified physicians and treatment providers!
jared allen probably just wants to get adderall from pete carroll
ciclesonide in severe asthma - study in 2010 - no change in fev1  hashtag aaaai
username hi ashley. i take vimpat alongside keppra. i haven't noticed much with the change of my seizures apart from my tc's have
username burn in a can of refried beans, you son of suboxone overdose.
username can you put me in touch with the person asking for translation re contergan? i am a thalidomide survivor campaigner.
username loperamide diphenoxilate
taking gabapentin is proving to be difficult... soo sleepy and hyper at the same time. chronic pain sucks!
turns out tamiflu costs ~$100, only shortens flu time by 2 days, may have side effects. it was better to enjoy my expedition-strength pants.
username natural don't work for me, try 300mg of seroquel...you'll sleep for days, i have insomnia that's what they give me lol
username there was this pain drug mc contin, and they wanted to make it stronger, mixed it with oxycodone - boom, oxycontin.
leathers and 20 of geodon later.... we had a sleepy crackhead
this seroquel got me sleepy
fword, super glad i didnt take pradaxa.
remember college students. there's a reason adderall starts with an a.  hashtag studyhard
ok accidentally just took vyvanse instead of a sleeping pill... sos
refa enterprises, llc issues voluntary nationwide recall of forever beautiful bee pollen due to undeclared sibutramine and phenolphthalein
yes that's zostavax vaccination. . if u don't kno that is for herpes. . just bad nasty
fda-approved drug linked to 542 deaths and 2,367 hemorrhages. pradaxa (dabigatran) -anti-clotting drug used to treat irregular heartbeats.
too tired to function right now, thanks humira. hashtag naptime sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face
you get a tan with ivete sangalo. you pee with a bird seed. you stay at the diovan b&amp;b. good night.
ima take that seroquel last period so when i go home ima be bent fa the rest of this day.
being home 1 day and trying to explain my meds to mom. hashtag effexor hashtag hydroxyzine hashtag trazodone hashtag vitamind hashtag multivitamin hashtag ativan hashtag meds hashtag yuup hashtag shiiiit
ok username bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy - the same chemical found in prozac.
no actualy im on suboxone that ive sold your snap girl username username i aint on metb bro ur bro and dad are on meth stfu
rt username sucking on the moon like a lozenge
its a paxil kinda day :/
oxycodone really messes you up face with tears of joy
seroquel will make you sleep for 12 hours.
username username i take a 60 mg vyvanse and focalin and feel nothing...
username (c) he has lost a lot of weight that way. the pergolide hasn’t helped him lose any weight, and he still almost foundered.
potential side effects with symbicort are not common?!?!?!?! no i get heart palpitations literally every time i use my inhaler
denosumab solves shortcoming speaking of dig dissipation up-to-the-minute crew including prostate wen: .nzv
pop a trazodone i have fuckin dry mouth
username i realized it the viibryd but i swear i never been but it's in the morning . i can't sleep , so it's git to be building up
username thank you for your response i know your time is very valuable my ortho doctor has me on got me on gabapentin and not better.
ah, i remember those days!! rt username just had my 46th infusion of tysabri go-go juice. ooh-rah!!!
why did i give kp a vyvanse.... hashtag sheshypedaf
conclusion: my psychiatrist is not very attentive and i should be on seroquel, not benzos and the maniatriggering lamitol. hashtag ugh
username oh, and if you have fillings, consider prescription strength toothpaste - mucodyne tiotropium both reduce dental defences.
username username i had infliximab 8yrs ago but had severe reaction after 2nd dose. now on humira doing great!
username you are hook on to tamiflu
you're right. the only reason i'm okay anymore is because of 40 mg of viibryd daily. (the highest dose btw) happy now?
username yeah the first time i was on olanzapine i did not put much weight on but 2nd time i did! weird!
the creator is not in a building. the crestor is within you.
no,i'm positive! you're like santa on prozac! in disneyland, getting laid!
took adderall and got my homework done quicker than expected now i cant sleep
username i was on keppra for awhile,i had terrible mood swings while i was on it.im on vimpat now,and dehydration is a major thing.
tamiflu really does manage flu symptoms nicely. it's just very strange bc i still feel sick, like the drug is only thing keeping me together
username oh god. i loved meridia because she did not need to be in a relationship. that will end fast for her
username so the homeopathic medicine didn't work she saw a doctor. that's so much worse than taking vioxx getting a heart attack!
username girl my doc raised my dosage for metformin and i have been so sick all damn day! i feel your pain pensive face
username username a when it happens to me: sit up or sleep sitting up after taking seroquel to sleep. plus vomiting. feel better
username it has nothing to do with any of that~ apparently seroquel makes you gain alot of weight -__-
so glad i'm off hashtag effexor, so sad it ruined my teeth. hashtag tip please be carefull w/ taking hashtag antideppresiva and read about it 1st! hashtag venlafaxine
delicious supper username tonight. octopus was so meaty and the flourless chocolate cake was the bomb.
i take nexium and have been forever now. i think has some side effects, but it works with heartburn and gerd well. laters.. smiling face with sunglasses
okay i took the seroquel and i am resisting the urge to vomit it up i feel disgusting but oh well good times good vibes don't be sad
ventolin shots... still grateful for life smiling face
vyvanse makes me having the sleeping schedule of a vampire.
rt username username savor trial fails to meet primary ep, superiority of dpp-4 diabetes drug hashtag onglyza
fluoxetine is a hell of a drug if you're into being awake all night and feeling ill.
may cause rashes, hives, fainting, kidney problems, upper resp. tract infections, and most likely death. call your hashtag doctor about januvia
username it's better than some of my old meds which caused, like, mood swings and nightmares and insomnia. my vimpat (the current
my trazodone is double the dosage of my mom's and tell my why it still doesn't work for me. ugh. i can never sleep.
username started with avonex 7 yrs ago then tysabri. allergic so nothing for 3+ yrs now tecfidera hashtag tecfidera hashtag bbhwithmscom
username 10/25/09 cdc response i contracted h1n1 4 days prior ,prescribed tamiflu 2 wife i grieving her death on this day.u lie di-fi
username it's called lamotrigine, i'm pretty sure the mix of them both is making me sick. i don't think bipolar add mix very well..
username username i don't know what that has to do w/ me. avelox has hurt my connective tissue,lungs and thyroid. i guess i should feel lucky
holy shit, that trazodone actually knocked me the fuck out and took me for a ride
this moxifloxacin does wonders.
no matter the outcome of this game, ryan matthews' new regimen of boniva in the off season has made all the difference. hashtag sallyfields
mad adderall = no sleep
username yeah, i've already been on cymbalta and lexapro in the last year.
username they changed my eye drug to eylea today... !
username it's over as of last night. i started a nuvaring this morning. does this mean i'm on day 1 of a new cycle? how do we count this?
hiv mutations mnemonic king edward made lowe level peasants, king's top quidditch referees k103n : efavirenz m184v: lamivudine l90m : pi
username fbi chicago stole seven 10mg bystolic pills from my husband (taken for high blood pressure)....
username the aythromicyn didn't work so i'm back on cipro which is what caused my septic c diff in sept.
yesterday felt like i was back in fl with people paying cash money for oxys. this time it was on their suboxone tablets. hashtag pharmacyproblems
username oh, yeah. you should see my yacht, the ss paroxetine hydrochloride. hashtag wehavenopolioinamerica , hashtag afactyourefusetoacknowledge
but i'm happy to be clean. just really really really really really really really sucked going from 100mg desvenlafaxine / day to zero.
username i'm starting eliquis now just in case.
i'm gonna get a good 7 miles in smiling face my tummy hurts though from my iron pills is have to take so i put some miralax in my coffee!
starting to crash from my adderall loudly crying face loudly crying face
nicotine and faded dreams
username i took tysabri a ling time but it was affecting my immune system. now on aubagio having stomach probs. any advice?
username hashtag donowpills prescription drug abuse looks like adderall and sometimes but rarely vicodin where i live
cymbalta makes me thirsty to the point where my mouth is painfully dry. it feels like the sahara desert in my mouth.
my ma jus bouqht me sum nicotine qum !
username anti-depressants/mood stabilisers? i'm on venlafaxine 300mg and 25 mg of amitriptyline. what side effects do you get?
twitter after hours is like a cymbalta commercial. hashtag sodepressing
username oh a bit better! and a bit worse :/ desvenlafaxine is working for me but the mouth and stomach ulcers aren't very nice.
side effects of 'paxil rose' include slash rash and some izzy-ness upon standing.
humira was definitely a complete waste of time..... up next: remicade. last resort before surgery is a fact.
allergic reaction to hashtag lamotrigine. feel free to share distribute. kill hashtag bigpharma before it kills us. hyperlink
username pregabalin + shortwave diathermy + cervical traction
it's not even 11pm and i'm already feeling the venlafaxine withdrawal. stupid bitch. how hard is it to pack the bloody tablets?!
rt username it appears that my twitter addiction may have just been a side effect of my nicotine lozenge addiction.
prescribed me levaquin because the answer with a reddit account havers, the beta
i start getting all worried because i don't remember what the side effects to ventolin are. google tells me a common one is nervousness.
i'm glad i still have some cipro.
hope she took her boniva
okay, can't take lunesta now and get up on time so please mellow me out and get sleepy ms. xanax. gotta be able to be fun and loud tomorrow!
username high blood sugar despite victoza, metformin and pioglitazone forced me to try something.
enbrel shots hurt.
i don't know whether my vyvanse caused my caffeine addiction or caffeine caused my vyvanse addiction.
anybody have an advair disk they're not needing/using anymore? just asking. msg me. hashtag notpaying$350becauseofmycrappyinsurance
username take some imodium ad
username whoa, on the topamax?! the saphris is what causes my nighttime craziness (haha), topamax cuts off the cravings, keeps me in bed
oh god the only ventolin i have is the generic brand that has the flavouring that makes me puke. shit.
i think my lunesta forgot how to work
four tnf-alfa blockers approved for hashtag ankylosingspondylitis are etanercept, adalimumab, golimumab and infliximab.
so i don't think i was supposed to take my oxycontin and my adderall together i'm so relaxed and focused....i can conquer the universe!!
username username username username ill never forget the time she drew on me while wearing a nuvaring hyperlink
tonight on blade runner: tino coury meows on imodium ad; ron paul contaminates cream of wheat
lunesta is working right now, too bad it didn't work when i took it last night
coming off cymbalta sucks, i've been slowly cutting back for the past 3 months. have finally made it over a weeks since i have taken it.
username i can relate to the olanzapine lbs, but you'll be great!
remember 2003. vioxx costs $65m to ontario drug benefit: 50x more than ibuprofen, slightly more effective and was linked to heart attacks!
just saw a crestor ad that was sampling lowrider. the end of the world is near people.
looking at profit margins after dispensing abilify, crestor, and vyvanse is depressing.
depression hurts, cymbalta can help
username username use quetiapine ir hs prn sleep. works better than anything else to knock my ass out. including ambien and restoril
username to be clear- afrezza not exubera caused the 2 cases of squamous cell lung ca in nonsmokers $mnkd
$bdsi biodelivery sciences to develop a long-acting injectable depot formulation of buprenorphine with evonik from our stock news alerts app
world series nuvaring hashtag sexybaseball
mann i've been having the munchies all day eatin weird shxt ahaha my zyprexa gotta nigga tearin up food
lunesta is 4 hours of miserable sleep and nothing like the fascinating well funded ad campaign.
this quetiapine isn't working damnit!!!! does make me hungry at night though... *sigh*
fda approve saphris headed for nurse schizophrenia: .jwb
so potus username has hashtag acidreflux i have had it for years. prevacid or nexium good drugs. it means he is under way too much stress.
username thank you! ironically, my problem wasn't from diabetes; it was from enbrel that new drug they give to treat ra. lowered my
i wish i hadn't taken levaquin and prednisone right before bed. hashtag insomniacentral hashtag stupidmedicines
oh god never do a ventolin right before bed hashtag jitterysteroids
prolia side effects increase risk of low-trauma fractures: public citizen hashtag fosamax hashtag news hashtag warningsandstudies
effexor and adderall together cheapdrugsedpillssc-specialhostcom/ hashtag buy hashtag cheap hashtag pills hashtag online... buy effexor online&gt; hyperlink
username because if you have a heart problem you can't have quetiapine so try have to check just to make sure :)
meanwhile as i suffer in silence cs is sleeping with the intensity of a mom who's just had a xanax white zinn spritzer rimmed with prozac
username well you depressed i wanted to know if cymbalta could help !
it's snowing now, mother nature is bipolar cause it was 75 yesterday!!! she need to take some latuda and get her priorities straight hashtag fedup
so, the singulair is out - did not seem to work imo. doc tried to get me on advair - insurance said no, not covered so simbicort it is. ...
fluticasone puts my ass to sleep
i fucking hate advair but it might be what i get put on. the albuterol isn't good for my heart or blood pressure long term.
the moment i realized my nose is irritated because i took loperamide instead of loratidine. hashtag pharmacy hashtag medicine hashtag pills hashtag solution hashtag remedy
rt username antipsychotic drugs such as zyprexa, risperdal seroquel place the elderly at increased risk of strokes death hyperlink
it was 6th period when i was still fucked up off them vicodins seroquel. i remember it was lunch i left because something pissed me off.
username thanks for the add. i researched the development of prostheses for thalidomide children for my msc in health history. (1/2)
username supposedly nexium works a little better but is a little more pricey can always do trial runs.
username username when infection is chronic, cipro can absolutely cause damage.
alendronate is an important cause of pill esophagitis, in osteoporosis give raloxifene instead. hashtag usmle
username sweaty fluoxetine addict
eurgh! last time i was this tired, i was on a four day antidepressant cocktail binge.  hashtag seroxat hashtag sertraline hashtag fluoxitine hashtag lithium
via username consensus forecast for brilinta sales. blockbuster in 2016? hmmm $azn hyperlink
sucampo files patent infringement lawsuit against dr reddy's for amitiza username username username username
i've taken everything but my trazodone that's tonight, but the nasal spray is giving me a drip :|
username omg! careful if the docs prescribe tamiflu as meds!
getting latuda for my bipolarness
to the fart, so that play dog the voracious london, spain. you fart enbrel gonorrhea hemorrhoids lord of the rings broach
username take the pain pills, before it kicks in! too bad vioxx is no longer on the market! it was perfect for those short-period needs
in before somebody looks at my last tweet and says i should look into taking crestor for teh hi blud presurz
username good news. have found the most terrifying sentence on earth; lomotil aur imodium ka maal nahi hai username :p
antara buln 1&amp;2 ni el, klau kalian?@elisajuntak: kapan dinas lg put? username god please make me smile whatever i feel face with tears of joy folded hands
mtx .. enbrel .. i'm happy for the medicine that works so well
is it lunesta how im just dying to be him
things no 19 year old should be excited about except i am: finally starting enbril!
some lady on the t just asked me if i had any suboxone or smack i could sell her... i'm wearing a business suit
so now i'm on carvedilol 12.5mg per day, warfarin 3mg per day and dexlansoprazole 30mg per day. no wonder my body is slowly being ruined...
gabapentin and pregabolin and i'm still in pain. not great.
i took a nexium why do i feel the burnies
9pm bbc2: must watch doc on thalidomide babies. tragic consequences of greedy corporations but also the courage conviction of one man.
levitra bystolic interaction
after that commercial... i'm not sure eliquis is a very effective drug... side effects sounded just awful haha
when depression hits , cymbalta can help! lmbo
get me some latuda tho
wash your blues away! prozac registered aka fluoxetine pill
insanity. rt username medical marijuana now being compared to thalidomide by head of louisiana sheriffs association.
username username username finally, ph2 tysabri trials included crohn's disease - indication dropped early in favor of hashtag ms
username i have issues with heat exhaustion and sun stroke on enbrel now! sucks at the beach, get really sick :( so glad you dont!
eurgh... metformin why must you hurt my tummy so?!
sally field keeps my boniva strong.
username oh yep! the only trouble with seroquel for me is i don't want to get up in the morning. i've always been an early riser.
username username wonder if there are any eylea offlabel on dme already, no one should surpris by the +ve trial outcome.
examples of brands that can suppress your appetite are phen-phen, buporoprion (also known as wellbutrin), redux, and meridia
username username poor things! they wanna try withdrawal from venlafaxine. think i might sue the pharma company.
rosuvastatin dosage adjustment is required in patients with severe renal impairment.
saphris even in a low dose gonna knock me out
i really really really don't wanna get my humira i'd much rather take remicade
please know what u are taking: warnings out today about weight loss supplements causing serious side effects containing sibutramine (merida)
i hate yooouuuu hashtag humira hashtag crohns hyperlink
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
username username jane's addiction to boniva and polydent hashtag oldermusicians
username if u r on hashtag humira and have respiratory probs - see ur doc. that;s how it all started of me. be well. nice chatting,
boehringer ingelheim and eli lilly file us nda for approval of empagliflozin plus linagliptin combination tablets for adult type 2 diabetes
username i suffer from new daily persistent headaches. my dr has me on gabapentin and botox and they are working wonders.
almost killed someone who got formaldehyde confused with thalidomide and then applied it to something irrelevant gosh
novo nordisk's a. moses says that their studies, so far, can neither establish nor exclude a link between liraglutide and pancreatic cancer.
i haven't taken my vyvanse in three days. i also haven't slept more than 4 hours each night oops.
day 6 cold turkey from effexor. i bellevue this pic adequately represents my descent into madness. or whatever. hyperlink
riding the levaquin train for another 5 days weary face  hashtag foreversick hashtag sinusesfromhell
i have copd.. i have to use advair and nebulizer username
username username lol because i know both of these experiences. i almost sliced my thigh in the tub on wellbutrin. geodon made me seize.
i feel siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick. damn you venlafaxine.
keep calm and take fluxetine, citalopram, fluvoxamine , paroxetine sertraline (ssri drugs)
username username as you wish, sir. my doc, in 1995, paxil is safe for your unborn child. vioxx is safe for your arthritis. good day
promise, brownies honor i'm not stupid, i have been forgetting everything lately hashtag paxil
the day after humira used to be a great one, full of energy, low pain. after a month, it is now a fatigue filled achy day. hashtag rheum
latuda is the best medicine name.
after my embarrassing sweaty incident during the show yesterday, i looked it up, and whaddayaknow, sweating is a metoprolol side effect. ew.
username i live in louisville, a melting pot of allergy agony. fluticasone nasal spray and singulair save me on the regular.
username username i did crazy shit on ambien and lunesta was trash. i've tried everything. this makes me fall asleep the best.
the devil i know his hands are like nicotine the devil i know won't let me be
username temazepam trapezoids candy crush litterbox
username username my ex was on geodon and she had a seizure in the latrine at ait. i would just fall asleep at metro stops, restaurants
the fact i talked to username for 35 minutes last night and didn't remember at all is just proof lunesta really works sleeping face
username that's the hope! so here's to jeets taking enough boniva to survive the season.
username yeah the whole damn bottle. i got plenty of temazepam tho
username username sian there is a brilliant brilliant nasal spray stops the hayfever:) username allergy relief fluticasone propionate :)
username go get some loperamide hydrochloride, it will make you sleep and fix your tummy.
latuda is really taking a toll on me, i've never been this tense. maybe it has to do with the healing meditation last night.
username it has been a good day today after a rough week of tecfidera flushing. let's hope for a good night's sleep. :-)
username this guy i know take suboxone every time i get me some i take too much and get nauseous
any of you tecfidera ever get a really intense flush? feel like i just walked off the surface of the sun, this one is intense
all this bath needs is a handful of prozac
diabetes drugs glp1 victorza (novo nordisk) byetta januvia carry a risk of cancer januvia causes 3 times the risk  of pancreatic cancer.
advair is bad for your bones i hope i don't end up with osteoporosis
username depression hurts, you don't have to, cymbalta can help....or at least that what my tv said
username 1st heart attack was from a blood clot likely caused by anti-inflammatory vioxx taking for spinal probs. username
of what? germ hotel. one dump keep none for myself neymar cymbalta smurf dysentery obsolete fenofibrate kung pow chicken built asthma
not winking at you mr. barista, i just way overdid it with the espresso shots adderall today
hashtag rheum! anybody else fluish while on biologicals? hit sun morning, 1st dose on tamiflu tuesday night, off xejanz as of tues night, scared.
username username i think someone has been cheeking their seroquel
withdrawal effects of pregabalin going from bad to worse.  going to be a tough few days.
you can't half tell stephanie's a smoker when she takes a puff of ventolin and then blows it out.
username why couldn't you get addicted to cialis. then i could call you cialis connor. adderall conner doesn't sound cool.
username i got a huge bottle i dont need um all. the alt route is to crush a lunesta snort it and and 8oz of gin.. but thats emergency
bought these in a fit of optimism, then relapsed... tysabri gave me hope and relapse laughed at me sat me down. hyperlink
username synthroid will not work for me. i need them to pay for armour beaming face with smiling eyes
username p.s. the meds w/their sideffects are not good. when i was on lunesta i drank a bottle of peroxide became violently ill. not fun
did anyone else notice that murphy from z nation is in a nexium commercial?
username seroquel will kill you. i am going to sue astra zeneca
hahaha awal nye pics of rain paling ohsem la antara sume. at least he managed to take a selfie right? hahaha
reducing the lamotrigine is grim. exhausted and grumpy. got another 2 weeks of this yet. wondering if i'm doing the right thing?
seroquel left me with sleep paralysis. abilify left me with occasional muscle spasms. i've been off of both for nearly a decade.
username i quit alcohol nicotine right now!! person gesturing NO person gesturing NO person gesturing NO person gesturing NO ” stop ittttt
username can i just get some lunesta or something
rt username novartis tests copy of amgen's enbrel in late-stage trial: london (reuters) - sandoz, the generics unit of nov... hyperlink
seriously about to be done with this damn geodon and ask my doctor if i can go back to lamictol. at least then i'm not so damn sleepy 24/7.
i swear thia cymbalta is causing me to have horrible nightmares!
omfg this metformin is not agreeing with my stomach one bit sad but relieved face weary face
username hell it's still expensive as hell with. nuvaring for me was still 70 bucks a month. such ridic
rt username i'm pretty certain that this should be sponsored by zoloft or paxil. hashtag skywire
isobel and violet are just begging to be cast in a boniva commercial.  hashtag downtonpbs
username bravo for dumping dean. you won a new fan in me. no one needs her food as we can't afford the victoza and she gets it free!
talk to your ped about advair (or other brand) it's a combination topical steroid long acting beta agonist..@patriot musket username
username it's alright, sometimes you just need to vent lest you go stark raving mad. :). have a great lunesta sleep.
hey, you sorry ass motherfrickers! get off your internet lozenge! the real world awaits!! yell at trees!! touch stuff you've never touched!!
spiffy ricky. fart fart the round table buffet. januvia maple syrup tuberculosis b.o. barry redeem daivy r&amp;b winning hand
feeling better and much less anxious (i could actually talk to people yesterday) but the fluoxetine makes me sooooo sleepy...
username username username username username thanks for your interest in the suboxone directory!
still can't sleep maybe i need to be prescribed to trazodone lol
ambien 20mg qhs, nortriptyline 50mg qhs, fluphenazine 10 mg qhs, and viibryd 60 mg daily and we're wondering why so somnolent? yeesh.
username instead of studying when i took adderall i played 9 straight hours of league and won every game
username aft 5 yrs following dr's presc of 2 vioxx 2 hashtag oxycontin/day began to notice personality changes. new dr said only tylenol - normal
username not sure what those meds are, but here in canada they gave me percocet which is a combo of oxycodone tylenol. it made me feel sick
moxifloxacin - levofloxcin - ciprofloxacin = prolong qrs + interact with warfarin.
cedar glen winery merges steamy albuterol overtones and a sandy cap'n crunch perfume in their 2009 syrah. hashtag إجعلنا
username i was on humira a while back and worked ok bit then stopped being so effective. infliximab on the other hand is amazing for..
really not looking forward to being up in 5 hours.. to work for 12 hours straight.. well. looks like i'll be cracked out on vyvanse tomorrow
-9.5lbs in 14 days. obvious now that i should have stopped the quetiapine a long long time ago before i got in this state
username i went in for a gastroscopy and they ended up giving me dexilant and pouting face i wanted to punch her in the throat hyperlink
username i had a year on prozac which ruined my creativity too - my memory now is awful - pregabalin does it but it's worth it!!!
kompetisinya antara lain: 1. singing competition 2. if i wanna be (essay competition) 3. instadream
this flovent hfa inhaler will make me gain weight. i'm not liking this, but i'm not liking an asthma attack either. :-/
username username i take 20mg of fluoxetine daily (apriciate its a low dose) i call them my nutty pills im not offended either dr c
username you also. feeling better here for sure. the damn symbicort inhaler caused all this shit seizure. hashtag baddrugs by hashtag pharma smdh!
username hashtag oldermusicians fosamax george of username
i need more energy today. don't know where to get it from, though. this is the result of going off hashtag tysabri for hashtag msandlife and heat-related.
username lunesta and a ton of alcohol.
ooh me too! rt username hashtag schizophrenia hashtag seroquel did not suit me at all. had severe tremors and weight gain.
caliani bros vineyards mixes domestic albuterol overtones and a fruity sawdust aroma in their 1990 cabernet sauvignon. hashtag زب
username only need one more lozenge magus got 3 atm
username username i just kept screaming at my better half over and over and over as if i had lost my mind and needed geodon. lol.
sounds like becky needs some loperamide for her dia-hoo-haria username
username i always get that day confused with sildenafil citrate apocalypse day.
